More fun with my dirty little secret

24th February 2013, 10:05 PM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

Yesterday me and my dirty little secret met again for some naughty fun in a hotel room. This is our story:

I felt a small sense of not belonging and guilt as Rob paid for the hotel room at the reception desk. The place was so posh, definitely not somewhere I would have considered getting up to the wet naughtiness we had planned. What if we got caught? What if we accidentally made too much of a mess?

On entering the room I felt all the more guilty, but also felt a secret smile spread across my face. It was a naughty smile. This was our dirty little secret, here, together. This was so naughty. I liked it. If only they knew. There is that one tiny excitement from a dirty little secret that masks the guilt nicely.

We settled into the room, or he did. I sat at the desk for the first thirty minutes or so until I felt comfortable enough to sit in the bed with him. I took off my jeans and socks because my feet and the bottoms of my jeans were wet from the snow outside. The bed was so comfortable and his brilliant body heat warmed my feet up quickly. We were watching Toy Story 2 of all things. It was quite nice just relaxing and reminiscing childhood with his arm casually wrapped around my shoulders. The room was new and expensive. I thanked him for his effort and began my weekend long rambling about how he could have got somewhere decent enough for half the price.

He got out four small bottles of coke and four bottles of flavoured water and we began to drink. He had peed less recently than me which was a shame considering we were planning on having desperate sex and if one of us was too desperate it would not work as planned.

Eventually I decided that since I was a bit desperate and wriggly we should start sooner rather than later, since he would probably be fuller than me. It didn't go quite as planned but I got a nice licking from it which drove me crazy with both pee and orgasm competing and sending shivers down my spine and to the tip of my clitoris as my bladder ached from being sucked clenched. This pleasure was heightened even more so when I noticed he was shuffling to change his position fairly often as he alternated between licking and fingering me. He admitted he was getting pretty desperate and had started to fidget a bit in an attempt to keep his own bladder in control as he watched me control mine against his fingers.

His cheeky side then came out to play as he started to put pressure on my bladder whilst alternating between thrusting his fingers into my vagina and tickling my clitoris which teased my pee hole immensely. I moaned and shook as the pressure built up inside. Then the first squirt came out. Pee for sure, female ejaculate, maybe somewhere between uncontrollable pee leaks. I told him to push gently and rhythmically so that I could feel the pressure of my bladder build alongside the pleasure of my need for orgasm rather than the peeing sensation overtaking completely and this worked for a moment, but as always happens with me I was enjoying losing control more so the urge to pee grew and so did his arousal as he began to push harder and harder causing me to leak more and more. I wriggled desperately on the bed trying to control myself and writhing from the sensitivity of my clitoris as he touched me. I was going mad and somewhere was there to share this insanity with me for once.

The next part is a little bit of a blur. I remember what happened but not in any sort of proper order...

We came together both horny, his need to pee more obvious than before. We kissed deeply and passionately, breathing deeply into each other's mouths as we moaned from the urge to pee and the pleasure it gave us to feel that urgency. My bladder was back under control now that I had distracted him from pushing on it. I pulled him onto me hard so that his face scrunched up as the pressure of my body and gravity pushed his bladder into mine. This was hotter than any sort of vanilla sex. I rolled over on top of him and started grinding against his bladder. His face scrunched in pain and the concentration and moans began.

I grabbed his back tightly and pulled my bladder hard into his, my clit rubbing against his hardened cock through his boxers, little bits of pee leaking onto his dry them, changing them from dry to wet, his cock growing harder underneath my clitoris. With every pull into him I felt his bladder rock hard beneath me. I sat up and rode it. He moaned in pleasure, his face scrunching up in pain, his glasses steaming up, sweat seeping from his brow, hair wet. I wiped it off his head then did the same to my brow. It was getting rather hot. His position shifted underneath me and his legs went front being flat on the bed to being bent behind me. He did well not to leak with all of this going on, especially since I was repeatedly leaking on him. Every time I pulled myself tightly into his bladder and kissed him it pushed into my bladder causing my already partially opened and teased floodgates to re-open again and again.

Then we rolled over again and I pulled him hard against me. This caused him much more trouble as his weight was also partially on his bladder and I was ruthless. I pulled with force and used my legs to push down harder from his back as I imprisoned him in them crossing my feet over one another behind him to pull him in with more force.

I think when he finally leaked I was back on top of him and had leaked on him a few minutes earlier. He was so desperate he could not tell whether it was the warmth of my pee he had felt or his own. Then between then and peeing properly he ended up back on top of me and we both released hard long gushing pees all over each other, him through his boxers and me naked apart from a black bra. It was so amazing to share in his relief. I felt the awesome feeling of release as I let loose what was left in my bladder mixed with the deep mutual sighs of relief as his body relaxed into mine his chest heaving as his pee ran hotly down and across my clitoris then past my bum pooling underneath me. We only snapped out of this awesome relieving orgasmic trance when we realised the pee appeared to be getting toward the edges of the bed. It had wet my bra strap and as Rob put his arm down beside me he realised it too.

Tentatively he eased off the bed, careful not to shift the pool of water surrounding the towel on the plastic sheet.

«Do you think I could get up too, if I'm careful?» I asked, trying to figure out the best way to minimize the mess.

«Yeah, maybe try.» He said, as I slowly shifted my weight. We used a second towel to wipe up and then carefully walked into the en suite bathroom trying our best not to drip too much. My hair was the main problem as the tips were slightly wet.

I wiped the smudged mascara from underneath my eyes and we smartened ourselves and the room up. I rinsed the tips of my hair and Rob cleaned the steam from his glasses. We then left for some dinner before round two.

