Morgan (Part II)

19th January 2020, 04:27 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Morgan (Part II)

###

(This story contains female desperation

, masturbation, incontinence, wetting, golden shower, body odor, and lesbian sex themes. If you are into all that, please continue. As with all my stories, much of it is based on my real life experiences and fantasies and I love sharing them here. -xo Jess)

Continued from "Morgan" Part I here:

$/community/...d/morgan/66636/

After that amazing few hours out in the woods, Morgan and I kissed deeply with our tongues and hugged tightly, and then we exchanged numbers and we both wandered back to the trail and started back home. We had just done something amazing with peeing on each other in the woods and getting dirty in that old cabin. What we hadn't both realized was that we had both peed so much on the ground in the cabin that it got on our pants and shirts a little, and we had both peed our pants before we got naked and we both had to walk home that way. It was something we both laughed about and she sent me a text when she got home and told me someone saw her wet shirt and pants and she was so embarrassed.

I felt so alive and high with anticipation of finding a beautiful new partner, who also loved pee. I could not stop thinking about her and what just happened. I didn't want to wash immediately still smelling like Morgan's pee mixed with my own, on my skin, even on my face. I found myself so worked up after I got in the door, I immediately went downstairs and started to play. I reached into my panties and I quickly began to rub my clit still wet with my own pee and I had an orgasm in less than a minute. I purposely peed while I was rubbing and I soaked my panties and made a puddle on the floor. I was shaking with pleasure and I almost felt dizzy. I didn't change my panties and shirt and I just took off my pants and got some things done around the house.

After a few hours, I was trying to decide my plans for the evening. I would need to clean up as I was starting to smell from what I did with Morgan. Just as I was starting to undress, I get a text from Morgan. "Hey hunnie- I know we just had a 'date' lol but I can't stop thinking about you. What r u doing tonight?"

I barely waited a minute before I replied to Morgan. "Uh- nothing right now- do you want to see me? I can't stop thinking about you either. This might sound bad but I have not taken a bath since our 'date.' So i need to get cleaned up first." Within a minute, Morgan replies, "Dont", then another text "Don't clean up. I didn't. Let's meet at the pavilion near the trail, at 8?" I replied to her, "(smile love emoji). See you there at 8! Are you sure you don't want me to clean up? I'm probably really eeewy!!!"

"Noooo- it's ok. It will be fun to be eeewy!!! lol," Morgan replied. "Ok. See you at 8," I replied.

So, I did spray some perfume a little bit 'down there' and under my blouse but not a lot. I was still a little uneasy smelling like pee and sweat like this. And on a date, no less. But Morgan is so different. I feel so comfortable around her, like anything is ok, and I don't have to worry about not being myself. But I could really notice my own aroma now. But I didn't take a bath. So I put some makeup on and fixed my hair and I wore the same panties and leggings and socks but a new blouse.

The evening air was still very warm. Spring flowers were filling the air and you could hear the sound of spring peeper frogs in the distance. I left my house and walked back to the trail and the pavilion. I see Morgan sitting down on the bench and my heart jumped. She sees me and I watched her beautiful doe-like eyes lift with a warm and inviting smile. She was wearing almost the same clothes as earlier in the day. I couldn't believe it. She was serious about not cleaning up, and that started to turn me on. What did she have in mind? I walked right to her and we hugged and kissed.

I smelled an amazing aroma of urine on Morgan. It was not a bad smell...just very natural and organic and inviting. I felt a wetness starting inside me. Within sight over Morgan's shoulder I see an older woman walking and she has a pursed-lips look of disapproval. Perhaps our kiss isn't 'appropriate' for her. I didn't care, and that made me more excited! Morgan didn't seem to care about smelling like this and that just seemed no naughty and rebellious and I was starting to think about undressing her and I started to fantasize about her body and her peeing again. We kissed again. It was getting dark and the moist air and mist in the woods felt a little spooky. Morgan took my hand and said in her calm and almost girlish voice, "come on hunnie, do you want to have some FUN?!" Morgan seems so much more outgoing than me, and I like that about her.

We walked and walked for what seemed like a mile. My heart was pounding from excitement. I felt like I was going to pee my pants. I finally admitted to her, "I feel like I'm going to pee my pants. This is spooky! (laugh)."

"Awww it's ok hunnie, I just had a little accident. I didn't go before I left," Morgan said. I felt waves of moisture flowing inside my body down there and I felt my bladder start to weaken. After I knew Morgan was going to pee her pants, I slowly relaxed and I felt a little wetness...just a 'shot' for a few seconds and then it stopped. I wanted to save my pee in case Morgan and I were going to get dirty again but my bladder was weakening rapidly.

It was dark now, with a bright moon. The air was still very warm, almost hot, and we arrived at a clearing behind an old barn. Morgan then said "we can do whatever we want out in the open here. You are safe with me...You make me so hot....I couldn't stop thinking about you peeing on me and being able to smell your body and just letting it all go with you. oh my God, I have never come so hard in my life. I want to just let it all go all the time and not care. Maybe some days we don't even use the toilet! (laugh). Would you like to do that with me?" I didn't even wait to answer..."yes. Oh my God yes!!!...." Morgan immediately began to fondle my boobs and my pussy. I was so wet and I started to smell my own body odor and urine aroma mixing with Morgan's pee smell and I fondled her pussy, teasing her swollen clit with my fingers as she began to orgasm. Her stale urine smell was getting stronger, and mine also.

We both took off our blouses and pants and panties and got down on the ground in the cool sweet grass. We began to trib and I felt a lot of wetness coming from Morgan and I think she was peeing in little squirts. I started to come. Morgan whispered in my ear, "oh sweetie, let's go for a ride..." She reversed herself and we 69-ed. There was an intense urine and pussy aroma from Morgan that was so amazingly organic and comforting. I wanted her to pee on me. I told Morgan, "oh my God, Morgan...let it go...let it GO!!!" Within seconds I felt my mouth fill with her urine as I relaxed my bladder.

I drunk as much of her pee as I could. I put my tongue inside her vagina and licked her clit also. Her pee was salty and slightly sweet and so strong. She then got up and straddled over my and started to pee on my boobs and I saw jets of pee pouring out of Morgan's pussy, back lit with the moonlight. I slathered her urine all over my body. I came again. I then got up and straddled her and peed on her pussy and boobs. We held each other on the wet grass and we were starting to get cold. Morgan brought a blanket and towel in her backpack and we started to dry off. All I could smell was our urine and some of our perfume, and I was high with pleasure. I can't believe this is real, but it is....

To be continued.

