Mary's Diary - 4 - Model Houses visit

10th April 2010, 08:10 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Dear diary, sorry that I let you down before finishing, but surely you'll excuse as I had to tend to myself a bit.

When Jenny and I got downstairs, Amy and mum were chatting in the doorway, already ready to go. Mum sigh when she caught sight of me and we got into the car. En route for the model houses.

Well, I did not expected much for the model houses, but cinema and shopping as a reward was pretty enticing. Plus with Amy along I would not got bored. She was very funny to be with. Today she was wearing a white blouse with a black bra which showed a bit through the mesh. Not that it need to show much since she had left a few buttons undone at the top to attract attention to her cleavage. I caught myself sighing once more at the sight of her bosom, I sure long for such a fine one. She was wearing a loose dark brown skirt that went down to mid-calve, definitely one of the more conservative skirts I had seen her wearing. And of course she had heels on.

By contrast mum was much more outrageous, though she definitely had something to show off. She a tight fitting red t-shirt, probably without bra underneath given the way her boobs pressed against the fabric, straining the neck. She also had a white skirt, very fitting at the bum but quickly loosening, it went down to her knees. And of course I'd bet she had nothing underneath either.

Finally there was Jenny. Her faded jeans were hugging her bum very nicely and she had on a tight tank top that showed off both her shoulders and cleavage. It also stopped short of her navel so that she could expose her piercing. I remember mum had been quite mad when she came back home with it a year ago, but Jenny had aptly pointed out that the teachers would never know since she never exposed her tummy at school and she had pleaded and begged and as always mum relented, her being her little baby.

*****

Finally we reached the model houses site. There was perhaps ten or twelve of them, all very different but very close together too, it made for a strange view. As if a mad architect had been at work, and perhaps it was the case. Of course, with mum and Amy on the hunt they soon had cornered an agent to lead our way. I noticed an older couple and the lady looked slightly peeved that we got an agent to show us when she had obviously been here for a longer time.

I guessed she would have been even more upset if she had known that mum had no intention of building anything and was just here to get some ideas of the latests fashions for some refitting at home... her husband was not upset at all, though it seems his eyes were popping out of his skull. She quickly caught it thought, and dragged him toward the other side of the site. "Men have no will" as mum often put it.

And so began our visit, and then another, and another. Sure there was some pretty interesting ideas, I noticed a very intelligent way of getting something close to a dressing room from a classical closet and wondered if I could talked mum into having something similar in my own bedroom. It would feel nice I think. Mum and Amy were calmly fighting for the agent's attention, all the while looking and poking around, and Jenny and I treaded in their wake, trying to get some ideas for our own little domain as mum called our bedrooms.

*****

And of course Jenny misbehaved again. It was at the third house I think, or perhaps the fourth. Anyway we were on our way out, in the hallway, and there was a kind of bend in the hallway that created a corner, probably because of a closet in the room behind. Mum and Amy were perhaps ten feet away with the agent.

The agent had his back to us two as he explained them something about the window or the stores, mum seemed genuisly interested and he certainly made the most of the opportunity to get a few peeks at her cleavage. Amy seemed interested too, and was mostly with her back at us, but not totally.

Jenny and I were walking toward them, having lagged behind in one of the bedroom. She was a bit ahead of me and suddenly stopped when she noticed the agitated discussion that was going on in front of us, then she turned toward me with a mischievious grin on her face. I quickly frowned and mouthed something like "What are you thinking of ?" but she could not have cared less.

She quickly backed away in the corner, just slightly out of sight of the three adults, and began fiddling with her jeans. I hissed at her but she looked up and grinned even more then wriggled out of her jeans, getting a red thong down in the process. I quickly looked at the adults who seems quite engaged in their discussion and whispered her not to, but once she's got an idea her mind, there's no stopping it, especially when it's daring.

She got her jeans and thong to mid-tigh, then leant forward, her head becoming visible if mum or Amy were to look back, the agent of course was too occupied with them for that. She really pushed her bum in the corner, and I quickly heard the unmistakable sound of a girl in need getting some relief. To her credit it was very quiet indeed, no hissing and with her backward stream and her position her stream was hitting the wall and then slowly dripping toward to the tiled floor. It was daring, very. Mum would be mad at her if she ever noticed and Amy could notice too. And Jenny was definitely too old now for getting away with it like she would have as a toddler or even a little girl when she just squatted anywhere and people would just pity her.

My eyes kept going from her to mum and Amy and back. I wished she would hurry and we could get out of here. Already there was a massive puddle at her feet and I knew I should never have let her have her soda in the car. I noticed she was a bit tense, the little minx was probably extremely thrilled by her own naughtiness and the risk she was taking. I looked pleadingly at her, my mouth moving without emitting any sound. She had not stopped grinning from the beginning. Finally I could not hear anything more and I hoped my answers had been exhausted and she had finished without us getting caught.

She shook her bum a bit and stood up slowly. She cast a glance in the direction of mum and Amy, her feet in her puddle, and turned to me grinning. She still had her jeans and thong at mid-thigh though so I gestured for her to hurry up. She took another glance and then to my utter dismay she jumped in the middle of the hallway, facing me, baring her bum to the adults. I quickly looked above her shoulders and thankfully they were all facing back from us.

I heard her whisper, asking for a tissue and I rummaged as discreetly as possible in my purse looking for a disposable one. I found one and passed it to her. She slowly unfolded then refolded it, and set to dry herself in the middle of the hallway, beginning at her little redhaired tuft and pushing toward her rear. She then handed me the tissue and I backed away, she grinned and just tossed it into the puddle she had left. I stared at the puddle and remarked that it was slowly making its way toward the middle of the hallway, the floor perhaps not being perfectly level. Taking a look at the corner I noticed that there were still rivulets of yellow pee making their way downwards and hoped for them they had been clever enough to use a washable paint or there would be a very evident stain.

I looked up in time to see that Jenny was once again all prim and proper and had started to walk toward mum. I quickly followed taking care not to step into the puddle and fortunately we left quickly afterward, the agent leading us toward yet another house.

*****

I must admit that I am not clear of charges either. It's not totally my fault though. First off Jenny's display memories did nothing to help with my need. And then the fact that the houses were wired but had their water cut off certainly did not help. The agent said that they had had issues before with people using the shower or toilets and some not even bothering to shut the water off when down and so they resorted to cut it off and now only the cleaning staff could turn it on when they had need of it. Well, no toilet is really stupid in my opinion.

It happened two or three houses after Jenny's naughty deed. I was beginning to become fidgety and I am sure Jenny noticed but she did not say anything. I had scalded her for her behavior as much as I could as soon as we get into the next house and I suppose she was enjoying seeing me in that condition, knowing I would have to resort to a similar trick if I wanted to avoid an accident. And I certainly did not want an accident, I always could pull it up since I had been a child and I was not about to be caught short now that I was nearly in college.

However I did not have Jenny's nerves. I never had. She was just so brazen and sometimes I envied her that on top of her curves. And so I began looking for some private place I could use. I wanted something private, quiet, and possibly which would not leave too much evidence and be evident to clean up. I first thought of the sink or bathtub, but without water to rinse it would leave tell tale traces, and of course there was the risk that someone would hear the patter depending on the material. I did not want to chance it.

If only there was some carpeted floor, but of course with the house being on demo and many people walking in from the outside it would be a hell to clean I guess, so the floors were either tile or wooden, and it didn't muffled the sound as much, nor would it prevent the puddle to spread and I was sure I would be leaving a good one given my increasing need. And it's not as if I could spray a wall like Jenny had, of course it was nasty too, but even had I wanted, my stream has never been backward nor forward, well just a bit forward.

I was thinking of perhaps waiting for the next house when Jenny and I got left behind once again in an upstairs bedroom, the three adults going back downstairs. We looked at the room for a little while, no walking closet there, it was one of the smaller houses, but it was nicely set up, with a clever arrangement of shelves on the walls which give some good space. Of course I was not really looking at the shelves, my eyes were darting back and forth trying to find something that could help me get some relief. The chair was all wood, the paper bin was a plastic one with many little holes that just would never do... there was just nothing here that could help me. Jenny finally moved toward the door, she looked at me and I just pretended I was very interested in some nightstand. I am sure I saw a hint of a smile when she left, not completely closing the door... it would have looked suspicious anyway.

Well here I was, in the middle of a small bedroom. I was direly in need to go and I finally had some privacy. Unfortunately I did not see anyway to pull it off. That is until I noticed the bed. It came somewhat as a shock. As you know I am no bedwetter, I don't think Jenny is, not that I asked her but she does not have so many spare sheets, not like mum. No Jenny and I usually get out of bed and use either the carpet or one of the fluffy bathroom rug mum buys especially for this occasion, nice with their plastified bottom, and really absorbent, and easy to wash... and cheap enough to be replaced often. The carpet is for treats, in a way, when we really want to indulge ourselves. I suppose it was a sign of my really full bladder that I could consider the bed at all.

I considered it quickly. It would take care of the noise alright and if I removed the quilt it would be very discreet too. But I was a bit phased by the potential for damages. I mean, at home we have a plastic sheet just in case we have an accident, but who would put a plastic sheet on a demo bed that nobody's supposed to use? I quickly got to the bed and lifted the quilt a bit. Well it certainly was a demo bed! The quilt layed directly on the mattress, not sheet here. It gave me pause, but then my bladder contracted and I glanced around the room but did not have any other idea... so I threw the quilt back uncovering a good chunk of the mattress, then sat myself in the middle of the bed, lifting my skirt out of the way.

It felt good to have my bare lips against the mattress. The mattress was very soft and it sunk where I sat and I wriggled a bit, feeling its smoothness on my bare bottom. It sure had not seen much use. That thought almost stopped me, but I was already committed. It was very lucky of me to be given some time alone... and then, well to you I'll tell, I must admit I felt very naughty for what I was about to do. Deliciously naughty. Wickedly naughty.

It began as a dribble. I had my lips stuck to the mattress and I just peered from above. The mattress soaked it up easily enough but I still see a bit of a stain forming. I let a little more out, slowly. I wanted the mattress to soak it up. Little by little the stain extended, until it came in contact with my tighs. Eww. I certainly did not want that. I scouted to the side a bit, clearing my little stain, and set about it again. I let just a small dribble, the mattress soaked it up, let a small dribble, let it soak... but once again the stain extended to my tighs and so I scouted forward this time, getting closer to the edge. I began again. It felt good, I was going to cover the whole mattress with little stains and it thrilled me somehow.

I was just beginning my fourth stain, when I suddenly hear the stairs creaking. I paused. Someone was coming back for me! I had not even emptied a quarter of what I had! Quickly I lifted my bum from the bed then, high-hovering over it I pushed as much as I could. The stream suddenly increased, my bladder probably relieved that I had stopped teasing it. A thick stream started to fall from my bum to the mattress bellow. At first it absorbed it a bit, but it was too quick for it to soak it up. I was still hearing steps up the stairs and suddenly my stream began to patter. A small puddle of liquid had formed and my stream was falling right into it making what seems to be a very loud sound in that quiet bedroom! I awkwardly shuffled sideways until I got my stream to fall on a fresh piece of mattress. I was pushing for all I was worth now, very desperate to finish before whoever it was reach the room!

Finally the stream subsided somewhat, and I let two or three more squirts out. I got up, letting my skirt fall. Turning round I looked at the mattress. It was completely ruined. Three little stains and one massive one still glistenning. I heard the steps reaching the top of the stairs and moved quickly. I reached for the quilt and quickly thrown it back on the bed, straightening it in a hurry. I heard the steps reach the door of the bedroom and quickly turned my back to the door, very red-faced, and set to look at the nightstand. Jenny passed her head by the door and told me we were going. I let out a hum, I could feel some droplets dribbling along my tighs and wished she'd not notice.

Thankfully she did not seem to and went back downstairs. As soon as she had left the bedroom I grabbed the first fluffy thing around, which happened to be a very nice and rose teddy bear, and used it to dry myself. I briefly thought back to my first orgasm, it had been humping a little brown teddy bear, and quite frankly soaking it too. I strained a little and forced a last spurt on the teddy bear, then threw it over the bed and got down. We left this house soon after, en route to the next. Jenny looked at me smiling and told me I must have really loved that nightstand, I could not help but smile back.

*****

In the next house I really wondered at mum's staying power. I mean with this weak bladder of her she usually can't hold it for more than an hour, and it had been two hours and a half. It's not like she bothered much about it. She certainly was not very ladylike in that, and would always find somewhere to discreetly take care of her need. But given that the agent never left her or Amy's side I was thinking she would soon have an accident, even though she show no sign of needing a wee. Another of her advise: never look like you're in need and you'll get away with almost anything. It's unfortunate Jenny took it at heart to always push the limits of this almost bit.

I was very intrigued and as such I did not lingered too much this time. Of course it meant letting Jenny by herself, but I did not thought she would misbehave, she much preferred an audience, and it was just unfortunate that I often became her unwilling accomplice. I also knew she and her school friends were really wicked about it, even more than the girls of the swimming team who certainly practised a lot both in the chaning room and on the bleachers around the pool...

I was still trying to understand how mum could hold it so long when I suddenly noticed that she had distanced herself from the agent and Amy. Amy was pointing to some furniture and asking questions about it I did not hear real well, and mum had distanced herself a bit, looking to a plant. She then distanced herself a bit more, rounding the corner of the sofa, a nice one too orange and red, made of what seem to be a very soft material. She then put her handbag on the top of the back of the sofa, you know the really big black leather one. She cast a glance toward the agent, lost in Amy's cleavage, and then her right hand quickly darted downward and my froze in the doorway. She was sideways to me and I saw her pull her skirt up and thrust her pelvic mound forward, stucking it against the back of the plush sofa. It blocked her skirt too and she slowly began to rummage in her bag with both hands.

I was mortified. If Jenny had been blatant before, this was just insane. The only cover was a sofa and the agent was not ten feet away! I could not hear a thing of course, but it took little imagination to understand what was going on. Mum looked utterly unconcerny, with a completely bland look on her face as she keep rummaging slowly in her purse. I looked downward and I finally saw some rivulets falling from the back of the sofa to the floor under it. It began pooling. I supposed I must have moved or something, for suddenly mum's head shot upward and she looked at me. It was not the first time I caught her, hell she sometimes used either Jenny or I for cover or even distraction, something that thankfully Jenny was always very fond of providing. She just looked at me, and shot me a beautiful apologetic smile with a small shrug of her shoulders. She was still dribbling.

I felt some movement on my side and Jenny appeared, she looked at mum and gestured as if she was cheering her up. Mum rolled her eyes. The puddle was still spreading. It was not that big, of course since mum had a weak bladder she left small puddles, which only added to her stock of excuses of course. And then the sofa was somewhat plushy so I guess it would absorb a bit too. I was mum's feet step back and I sighed a bit, relieved that she was done and the agent had not yelled at her yet. If he ever caught her, would he think of going back through all the houses we had visited ?

I felt Jenny tensed at my side and shook out of my reverie, looking back at mum. My eyes must have popped out by an inch or so. She had stepped back a feet and turned slightly toward us... but she was holding her skirt bunched up, her shaved pussy on display for us to see, her left hand balancing her handbag on the sofa. She looked at us grinning, thrust her pelvic mound forward and then squirted two strong jets of pee on a fresh patch of the sofa. Jenny stifled a laugh and mum let her skirt drop walking toward us nonchalantly as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Not that it really was out of the ordinary for her to be peeing in unusual places, but she didn't usually flaunted it either.

As mum joined us I realized I had been staring at the back of the sofa. I startled a bit. Then she led us back to the agent and Amy, and I wondered if I caught a smile on Amy's face as she did. She set to capture the agent's attention right away of course, by brushing her chest against his arm while leaning toward the subject of their discussion. He stiffened a bit, and I wondered if he stiffened down there too... well the poor was probably rock hard by now. I pitied him somehow.

We got out of this house and mum declared she had seen everything she wanted to and said it was time if we did not want to miss the seance. I somehow wondered if Amy had remarked our manege and if she had peed yet...

*****

[Back to daemoniak]

Jeesh I thought I would soil my pants simply recounting this... 4 chapters in a day (6 hours of uninterrupted writing... apart from boringly peeing in the toilet and eating) it seems I had quite a streak here.

Of course I am going to be all hot and bothered until I take care of myself now...

Oh and for those who wonder about it:

Mary and her mother's reliefs were inspired by JodieH, you're a naught girl Jodie Jenny's relief was inspired by hentaixt, Caitleen's quick slash in the second installment to be precise, and perhaps the avatar of Pudyls

