A recent discovery

9th December 2010, 09:15 AM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Me!

Lol, I have discovered - with some assistance from a VERY inspiring source, it must be said, that I enjoy holding. And if inspired in the right way will hold it until it is too late. Watching a partner get desperate turns me on. Watching her struggle to hold on is a massive turn on - and having her pee on me when she can hold it no longer? Well that is a turn on too. Life is full of ways to get me aroused.

Sadly, during long dry spells - times when I have nobody to share these things with, I have to resort to imagination and to sharing fantasies and stories with people here - wonderful people who give selflessly when they in turn write about their adventures. So maybe sharing a solo experience might turn some of you on too? Well, not the guys for the most part - but hey; free world. :-) We put stories here to get people thinking and to get them aroused. So if it works, it works.

Coffee and commando. Take the time to fill up properly, watch a few videos to keep me sort of bubbling under, and when I feel the urge getting more insistent; then its time to do serious things. So I may work for a while, do housework? Anything to distract me - I can hold for ages when turned on and that makes things too easy. Just jeans - nothing else to get in the way so I can grab myself, and rub myself hard as an insurance. When it is no longer possible to concentrate on serious things, it's back to my chair here and a choice. I can watch more videos; I can read some stories If I am very, very lucky, I might be able to chat to someone who is doing something similar and the ultimate is to find a very special person out there on Skype who can enjoy my desperation for herself; she watches me struggle, and uses toys and fingers to bring herself off and avoid peeing all over the place... But that is a little like Christmas ;-)

So it's generally imagination and sometimes, my webcam. Sound odd? I have actually filmed me in the final stages, doubled up in desperation, little leaks on the denim, rubbing my cock and trying to find that place somewhere between cumming and pissing; the see-saw balance which means I can wait a bit longer, because if I cum ,I will pee myself for sure. Feeling warm pee down my leg as I spurt some out deliberately. Watching it as the denim darkens and before I know it, I am pissing.

Holding hard again, I will now rub again, this time arousing myself through wet denim, squeezing the pee from the material and will allow myself to cum this time, into the wet jeans, feeling a combination of wet and sticky and just a few minutes respite before the need to release the rest of my pee returns with a vengeance. Up into the shower - and oh, yes I have filmed this too (but ALWAYS stop short of posting. I am still just a little wary of being recognised by someone or someones who I would rather did not know about this...) :-(

Into the shower and, pointing my cock up at the waistband of my already wet jeans, just relax and empty my bladder. Feeling the warm pee down both legs, watching as it drains away, hearing it gurgle down the drain. Then on with the shower, rinse the jeans with me still IN them to start with, then off they come and I will stand under the hot water wishing that you were here with me...

SO would you join me? Would you watch, get turned on by that alone - would you share? Want to get desperate and play too? Would you want to dominate and make me wait? Would you want me to pee on you??? I love to play. Come play with me?

