A Story For Kaele1gh - part 6

20th June 2010, 07:39 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

Typical of Africa, the afternoon rain had stopped as suddenly as it had begun. The clouds cleared later that evening, and by morning we were greeted by another gorgeous blue sky.

It was Saturday and, since there was nothing that had been scheduled for us to do, Kaele1gh decided we were going to tour a winery. It was a perfect lazy-day activity for us after our eight-hour hike yesterday. Our muscles were sore and somewhat stiff today, especially our thighs and backs from the steep descents we encountered trying to outrace the rain.

We had camped a little west of Tzaneen last evening and now we were heading west and south, taking in a few places along the way on our eventual return to Johannesburg.

Kaele1gh spoke up. «I found this great little place just outside of Pilanesburg. It hasn't received much attention from the outside world, but I'm told it has some excellent vintages.»

So, we drove a couple hours to the winery. The tour of the place probably didn't last more than thirty minutes. It ended at the tasting room, where we spent at least twice as long while being served a dozen varietals, starting with two chardonnays and a chenin blanc, moving through a couple each of cabernet, merlot and shiraz and ending with two Cape ports and a sherry. By the end tasting I had a pretty thorough understanding of just good South African wine was.

As we were leaving the lot, I caught another wicked look from Kaeleigh. «I think we need to do an after-tasting,» she suggested. «I want to see if these wines have made our pee taste any different. I only hope you've been drinking enough water.»

I was actually a little surprised when she brought up the topic. For all her interest in pee, she had apparently never cared to drink it. Sure, she enjoyed licking the last few drops that remained after a piss and she was a good sport yesterday when we needed to stretch our water. But, the idea of pouring a glass and downing it, well, wasn't exactly her cup of tea.

«I'm willing, if you are,» I responded.

Sure enough, an hour later the wine along with the water we'd consumed necessitated a stop. We pulled off the road and parked a hundred yards down a dirt trail. Walking another twenty steps, we sat down on the ground.

Kaele1gh lifted up the hem of her sundress and pulled her panties down.

«Are you up for a drink?»

I leaned over and brought my mouth to her fountain. I'm not so sure how Kaele1gh felt about my mouth on her cup and my tongue against her peehole, but I know it was doing crazy things for me. When she laughingly told me to strip, as it was her turn, I was a little embarrassed to find how hard I was. Keile1gh looked at my near erectness, cast a wicked grin and naughty glance at me and then knelt in front of me. Having her curly locks at that level did not help matters, but her fingers were gentle, and with some coaxing, I managed to relax enough to let go. I had learned how to control my stream somewhat better since yesterday so I didn't soak her, and the feel of her soft lips on me, her tongue flicking against me as she lapped up my pee was mesmerizing.

We managed to quench our thirsts all afternoon. Each time, I was more and more eager to pull over for a drink, to once again have her lips against me. Each time we drove away, I closed my eyes and could still feel her soft lips on me. I had noticed that she was trickling slower and slower with each stop as well, necessitating me to use my tongue more to lap the golden trickles from her. And, to be honest the pee did taste a little sweeter, but Kaele1gh's juices tasted sweeter still.

*** Almost from the moment we met, Kaele1gh had wanted to show me the South African night sky. I was looking forward to it as well, but ten days into the trip, I was beginning to wonder whether I ever would. True, on our first night she did point out Orion, but our stargazing had never progressed beyond that. It seemed there had always been some other distraction and, especially since sharing a tent these last few nights, we tended to end our evenings pretty early. This may have been my own fault, as I so enjoyed getting as close to her as I possibly could.

Still, I was determined to get in that viewing. I asked Kaele1gh tonight at dinner if she was up for giving me that tour of the South African heavens. An hour later, while the last color was still in the sky, we set out for a walk, taking one of the bottles of wine we'd bought that afternoon. We had camped far enough from any towns, so we had excellent viewing conditions, as the closest outdoor light was almost a dozen miles away.

Indeed, fifteen minutes later, as we were setting down in an open field, we were looking up at one of the darkest skies I'd ever experienced on land. The sky was a velvet blue-black deepening, as night claimed the day, into an even darker shade. And, it was liberally sprinkled with sparkling stars, like some had shaken a glitter brush across a black canvas.

Lying on our backs, shoulder-to-shoulder and staring at the heavens, we must have spent the better part of an hour lost in the inky blackness of the night sky. Not having a chart, we would point towards a group of stars and suggest to the other a particular constellation; sometimes, we were right. Once again, Orion was easily found, and we could pick out several members of the Zodiac, Taurus, Gemini and Pisces. Saggitarius, Kaele1gh's own star sign, was almost setting on the western horizon. She had hoped to show me the Southern Cross and the two pointer stars, Alpha Centauri and Beta Centauri, but they weren't in the sky at this hour. Then, she fell uncharacteristically silent, as we took turns looking through the binoculars, as we located the Pleiades, and several nebulae. In all, we had been so engrossed in what was playing out in the sky, that the wine had been untouched.

After several moments just enjoying the moment, I sat up, reached over to Kaele1gh and held her left hand, whispering, «thank you for a wonderful show.»

«It's not over yet,» she softly replied, sitting up and giving my hand a playful squeeze in return. «Will you open the wine and pour me a glass?»

I uncorked the bottle and poured for the both of us, handing her one.

She raised the glass in her hand. «To us. May this be a wonderful beginning.»

In response, I added, «And may the journey never end.»

We kissed. And, kissed some more. Then, after an evening wandering the heavens, we turned to exploring one another.

She was wearing the same dress she had worn during the day. I reached down and easily removed her panties

. She helped me take them off, in fact.

I slid my hand back to her leg, slowly rising up her thigh until I was little more than an inch below her pussy, then stopped. I held it there for ten, maybe fifteen seconds, stroking the inside of her leg, before dropping back down to her knee. I started again, this time moving just a fraction higher, then staying there another ten seconds or so. Then, once again, only this time I slipped my fingers into her pussy. She was wet before I arrived. My warm lips found her breasts and my tongue rolled over her erect nipples.

Kaele1gh pulled my pants and underwear down, then reached in and grabbed my shaft. Teasing it with her fingers, it quickly became erect.

Our play went on for a long time.

We finished the wine. Once again my bladder was feeling the urge to empty, and I was sure Kaele1gh's couldn't have been far behind.

Yet, we were both too much enjoying the moment to bother getting up. But, eventually, the combination of the wine, the orgasm and the cooling night air proved too much.

Kaele1gh shivered, a spasm engulfed her entire body and she released a spurt of pee. My right hand was on her pussy, my face and the other hand were only inches away, and I was wet.

«Ooh AhOh Ooh» Another orgasm immediately followed and she could no longer hold back the flow. She peed until she could pee no more.

Once again, my cock stiffened. She put her hand on me.

«Here, let me help you, too.» Her fingers were soft yet firm, her grip gave just enough sensation for me to feel my orgasm build. Between the pressure of her hand and the fullness of my bladder, an orgasm was inevitable and I erupted over her hand.

*** Late the next morning we went for a walk. A few minutes into it, Kaele1gh pulled me into her, gave a hug, then looked directly into my eyes.

«Glad, you've known me for over a week and a half. And, in that time I don't think we've spent more than ten minutes of our waking hours apart. Now, you know I'm a very open person about just about everything in my life. Yes, I have peed in front of other people before, I guess a couple boyfriends after I'd been dating them for a while, and maybe a few good friends, both male and female, I've gone on trips and such with. But, I'm not sure what got into me to be bold enough to pee a step away from you only hours after we first met.

It didn't hurt that I was attracted to you right from the start. And, that we'd be spending a lot of time together, so I knew we'd get around to doing it sooner or later. Might as well get it out in the open, right from the start, I say.

Maybe, too, it's that I spend so much time outdoors I'm so used to being free about it. In the bush it's simply a matter of pulling over, taking a few steps and letting go. Besides, I never really understood what all those inhibitions were about. My only reason for peeing in private is so I don't offend others.»

Kaele1gh continued, «Remember that first night when we walked down the hill, and you stood behind me and we peed together. I just loved how our bodies touched and especially how you made our streams meet. That's one of the closest, most intimate things you can do with someone, certainly without them being inside you.»

«It's why I love all this pee play we've been doing. On one level it's great fun, kind of innocent, like kids splashing in a pool, having a water fight, but it also arouses our desire for one another while offering us sexual release when we don't want to take things any faster. But, there's something more, and that is it's sharing a piece of us with someone else. Remember, it was just a few hours, maybe only minutes before, when what is now in our bladders had been blood, the very essence of our life, flowing through our bodies.

And, in another few minutes, it will be out of us. And, where does it go then? Generally, back into the earth. But, sometimes we can transfer this to another, for at least a little while, either by drinking it in or bathing in it.

I wasn't sure what to make of this. It sounded, perhaps, a little too New Age, but I seemed to recall something from my college days.

«I remember the expression 'sharing water' from a science fiction book I'd read some years back. The principal character came from a planet where water was very scarce and the simple act offering a glass of water to another was a kind of sacred ritual. Well, what you just said give the term a whole new meaning.»

As we were talking we had been slowly removing our clothes. Now we were naked.

Kaele1gh continued. «Let's begin a visualization. Look at me. Stare into my eyes for a count of ten, then slowly bring your gaze down my body. What do you see? Capture that picture in your mind. Now, come over here and put your hands on my forehead. Run them down my face, feeling the shape of my eyes, nose, mouth. A few seconds in each place. Then, move on to my neck, shoulders, breasts and stomach. What are you feeling? Take note of the sensations, soft or firm, wet or dry, slippery or rough. Now, run them down to my crotch. You're not trying to arouse me now, and you could do that all too easily, but just want to feel what is going on in my body.»

There was a suppleness yes, she was wet and, from the hardness of her bladder, I could tell she was very full.

And, there was now the tone of urgency in her voice. «OK, get down on the ground in front of me. Lie on your back and extend your arms out».

Straddling me, she let go, pushing out a powerful stream of pee, first to my chest, to each shoulder, then up to the base of my neck. Lingering there for several seconds, I was again aware of her force. Finally, she worked her way down to my groin, where she pushed as hard as she could until she emptied her last drops.

It was then my turn. Kaele1gh lay back down on the dry ground and spread her arms away from her side. I got up and stood over her feet, and aimed at her navel and released my stream. Holding it there a few seconds, I moved up to her breasts, soaking each one, then down to her pussy and clit. As I finished emptying myself on her parts, a very calm and pleasant feeling came over me, at once both sexual and spiritual. Looking down at Kaele1gh, I thought I saw the same expression on her face.

*** Late in the afternoon we noticed the first thunderclouds. They were at first small, and in the distance, we could see them growing over the hours, their anvil tops climbing ever higher and getting darker, first a gray, now a deep purple, until near sunset the first bolts of lightning and claps of thunder appeared.

As day turns to evening, the tremendous storm arrives, and the heavens open in a deluge. After the first drops soak us, we retire to our tent.

Stripping off our wet clothes once again, we lay atop our sleeping bags, wrapped in one another.

As the intense storm rages outside, another one builds inside the tent.

Kaele1gh put her arms behind my back and pulled me on top of her. Our faces just inches apart, she slowly and softly said, «I so want you now. Make love to me.» One look into her eyes told me she had shed her final resistance to what we had both known was inevitable.

I didn't need to be asked a second time. I, too, had been anticipating this moment almost from the instant we first met, and now our desire was such that the next moments passed by in a blur. In our state of arousal she was already so wet that we found each other effortlessly. Our hearts were beating loudly, our breaths were rapid and we moved in rhythm to a primal energy that had now been unleashed. For the moment our two bodies became one.

My mouth had found her large, supple breasts, and I put as much of one inside as would fit, first teasing her nipple with my tongue, then sucking, then teasing again, then once again sucking. After a time, I shifted to the other breast and repeated the process. I adjusted my position a few times, sometimes pressing my groin to her clit, at other times pushing my self up so I put no weight on her. A delicious feeling was washing over me and it took great effort not to cum until after she did. But, once she released her warm juices, I made no effort to hold back and almost instantly erupted.

It was so good, so satisfying, yet neither of us wanted this moment to end. Though I had lost most of my erection, I was still inside her. My arousal was so strong that I began growing again almost right away and, with scarcely a break, we repeated our love dance. Our tempo building to a crescendo she reached orgasm again, and after a few minutes we started over once more. She was on the cusp of a third orgasm when she shivered, put a hand to my stomach and, pushing me away, said, «I HAVE to pee,»

The moment I pulled out, I realized I needed to as well.

We barely got our bodies past the tent door before we added our torrents to the deluge outside.

