Story: Jen and Joe part 9

11th March 2007, 09:23 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 9 - The Next Morning

I awoke in the early morning as sunlight began to creep into the room. I was snuggled up behind Jen who was still sleeping soundly. I ran my hand over the small of her back and down over her ass, feeling the soft cotton of her pink panties.

In a minute Jen stirred and sleepily whispered «Joe that feels good, but I'm still tired. Why don't we get a little more sleep?» I agreed that I was tired too and tried to fall back asleep. After a few minutes though, I realized that neither of us had fallen back asleep. My bladder was full, and that along with the odd noises of a hotel kept me awake. Jen finally asked «Joe, are you asleep?» «No», I said. «I have to pee and can't sleep. «Me too,» said Jen. «I need to get up and go to the bathroom, but I don't want to get up.» I suggested that she try not to think about it and she would eventually drift off. As soon as I said it, there was a very quiet tap on our door. All of a sudden I remembered that we had told Kelly to come back by this morning. «Kelly?» I whispered. «Yes, can I come in?» Kelly whispered back. «Yes, please,» I said, «Come on in.»

Kelly slipped into our room quietly. She was wearing just a pair of white panties and a short tee shirt. «It's cold in here!» she said. »Mind if I climb into the other bed?» We didn't have a chance to say anything before she had gotten in and pulled up the covers. «Sorry guys, I woke up having to pee really bad and that always makes me a little chilled.» I commented that since she was still cold, she must still have to pee. «Oh yes, very badly.» «When I woke up I thought about peeing in the bed right then, but then I thought how it would be really hot to do it in here with you guys.» Kelly turned to look at us with a big smile and said in a small voice «I have to pee really bad - do you mind if I wet my bed?» By now I had a rod pressing into Jen's backside and I could feel her breathing become shallow and her body tense up with excitement too.

Kelly didn't really give us a chance to respond. Instead she just said softly «Here it comes.» As we both gazed into her eyes, we heard a sharp hiss begin to come from under the covers on the bed next to us. Kelly just continued to stare into our eyes with a sexy dreamy look, and the sound of her pee hissing into the bed seemed loud in the quiet room. I was so turned on watching Kelly piss her bed that I couldn't believe it. Finally she finished wetting the bed, and I asked her if she felt better. «Oh yes this feels so sexy,» Kelly answered out of breath «I'm sorry if I got carried away, but it is a huge fantasy to pee with you watching. I'm totally soaked.» She threw back the covers and rolled to her side facing away from us. «Look at how wet I am.» There was a huge wet spot on the bed from her knees to halfway up her back. Her white panties were completely soaked and partially see though. I was in heaven looking at her sexy ass and her soaking wet panties glistening in the light.

By now Jen had her hand between her legs trying to hold back her own full bladder, while I continued to squeeze and run my hand over her pink panties

. I had temporarily forgotten our own dire need to pee, but remembered quickly. Kelly got up and came toward our bed. «Do you have to pee Jen? You look like you do.» Jen replied, «Yes I've been bursting since I woke up.» «Well, go ahead and pee the bed. Joe won't mind, right Joe?» Kelly flashed me a sexy stare as she teased Jen. Jen told Kelly «I don't know; what about the mattress?» Jen had forgotten about the remodeling project and Kelly reminded her about them peeing in the chairs the night before. «Oh, that's right - why have I been holding it all this time?» Jen wondered aloud. «Can I watch?» Kelly asked a bit sheepishly. Jen pushed the covers back, exposing us both in our underwear. She lay down on her back, brought her knees up and smiled at Kelly. «You really want me to pee in the bed Kelly?» «I'm bursting so bad, I'll never be able to stop if I let go,» Jen teased. Kelly was glazing over again, and now had her hand down the front of her wet panties.

«Jen yes, please, wet the bed. I can't stand it.»

Jen decided not to torture her bladder, or Kelly, any longer. She looked up at Kelly and said «OK, I'm going to piss my panties here in the bed…watch.» Jen just closed her eyes, gave a big sigh and let her bladder loose.

The crotch of her pink bikini panties was instantly soaked and Kelly and I watched the fabric glistening as the wet spot began to spread. Within just a few seconds a dark patch on the sheet beneath her began to spread out in all directions. She was peeing faster than the mattress could soak it up, and the puddle around her spread out rapidly. I was still lying next to her and I began to feel her warm pee creeping up underneath me. «Mmm, I'm totally wetting the bed…so sexy…» Jen purred as the flood continued. Finally her pee began to slow and I felt the puddle around us begin to seep into the mattress.

I was so turned on, but I also still had to pee badly too. Kelly must have known this somehow and just looked at me and said «You too Joe, pee in the bed.» I looked at Jen and she just said «Yeah, go ahead, why not?» I didn't hesitate at the rare opportunity and let my bladder go. The warm pee felt great as it rushed out into my jockeys, and I again felt the warmth spreading out under us. As I was finishing, Kelly jumped up on our bed and rubbed herself to orgasm right in front of us. Her impulsiveness set me and Jen off too, and soon we were all lying exhausted on the wet bed.

As we came back to our senses, Kelly said that that was one of the hottest peeing moments she ever had, and was so glad we had met. Jen and I began to tell her about how we had gotten back together recently, and how we had picked up our old peeing games with enthusiasm. Kelly was loving our stories and was extremely excited when I told her about Jen's public wetting at the Subway sandwich store. I told Kelly that maybe we could talk Jen into another public «accident» before we had to leave town, since she seemed to be getting into the naughty thrill.

We finally decided to get going and clean up for the day. Kelly was heading toward the door to go shower in her room when she stopped for a minute saying she had to pee a little more. «I don't know if I can make it all the way to my room, sorry, she said teasing us.» I watched as she just stood still with her legs pressed together. As I gazed again at her nice round butt in her see-though panties

I saw her pee running down the back of her legs, winding a trickling river into a small puddle around her feet. She finished in a few seconds and thanked us for the use of our floor. It was a sexy sight. At this we agreed to meet in an hour to go do some sightseeing.

The minute Kelly left, Jen and I fell back into the wet bed to make love properly, both of us only lasting a few minutes. As we showered and dressed, I wondered what the day had in store.

Joe H.

