Awakened...

3rd February 2008, 08:06 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Late in the night, Kiki awoke with a full bladder. She had removed all of her wet clothes before going to bed in order to start a load of laundry and was now lying comfortably naked beneath her covers. Her head was bewildered from a dream in which she was swimming in the river and needed to pee. A strange man was with her and kept saying, «Just go, I did.»

As her mind became a little clearer, Kiki thought about her choices. Ordinarily, she would just spread her legs and let go all over her sheets and mattress. However, her recent boldness had lead her to making decisions out of the ordinary. She sat up and looked curiously across the hall at the bathroom. It was a tiny room with a toilet, bathtub, sink, and a tall cabinet that contained the towels and washcloths. The floor was a pale tile with patterns that Kiki usually found herself staring at while sitting on the toilet (which she had not done for several days now).

She pulled the covers aside and scooted to the side of the bed, still staring closely at the bathroom. What could she do that was not too much like something she had already tried? Peeing in the shower would not be original enough. She had done that many times, even before her mother introduced her to wetting. Kiki fixed her eyes on the tile floor again and smiled.

Eager, she skipped across the hall, careful not to make too much noise. As she did, she felt a tiny trickle escape and travel softly down her thigh. Must hurry. She lay on her back, hissing a little at the cold of the tile floor. This brought another small spurt that she heard patter against the tile briefly.

Once on her back, Kiki spread her legs wide, closed her eyes, and let go. Her pee erupted with a forceful hiss. She gasped as it sprayed into the air and fell against her abdomen with a loud splash. She cut off the flow as tiny trickles snaked across her belly, between her legs, against her vagina, and to the floor. Kiki let go again, gently this time, as soft urine seeped from between her legs and puddled coolly on the tile floor at her bottom.

Curious, Kiki cut off the flow again and sat up. She closed her legs and peered down at her crotch as she released, full force this time. A tiny spray erupted from her urethra and spattered against her thighs, caressing them with pleasing warmth. But she did not want to finish here. Once again cutting off the flow, her bladder screaming its discontent, she stood up, tossed a towel over her wet mess, and returned to her room.

Kiki sank comfortably into her bed onto her side and pulled the covers up to her shoulders. She parted her legs slightly, closed her eyes, and let go. The hiss could be heard clearly in the silence of her room as she peed without restraint into her mattress, sighing joyfully at the wetness forming beneath her. She did not open her eyes again until morning.

Cheryl was having a wonderful dream. She was making love to someone she didn't recognize, a mysterious man with curly brown hair, strong arms, and perfect tan skin. The two of them were lying on their sides, Cheryl's legs wrapped tightly around his waist as he caressed her with his hands and placed soft kisses on her neck, shoulders, and breasts.

«Oh, I've got to pee,» Cheryl told him hesitantly. He did not answer, but continued to caress her buttocks and lick gently at her left nipple. «Mmm, seriously, I've got to pee.» There was still no response as he lifted her with his great arms and pulled her on top of him. Almost intuitively, Cheryl began to rock back and forth, watching fervently as he thrust his muscular abdomen back and forth. «Oh, God, I can't hold it anymore. I'm just gonna go.» She continued to rock as an oh-so-familiar hissing sound began from between her legs. Unable to resist, she peered down as a steady trickle fell from her crotch and spread across his tight stomach. It grew and grew as she continued to pee without restraint, her urine glistening hypnotically against her mystery man's perfect body.

A rustling sound and a full bladder awoke her from her dream. Reluctant to end such a glorious fantasy, she tried to keep her eyes closed, but the rustling continued. Groaning, Cheryl sat up and listened. The sound was coming from the bathroom. Carefully, she tiptoed down the hall. As she walked closer, she realized that the rustling was actually more of a patter or a drumming of some sort. Cheryl eased her head around the bathroom door to peek in.

Her jaw dropped as she spotted Kiki laying naked on the floor, her legs spread wide, and a steady jet of urine spraying all over her thighs and the floor. Cheryl could not help but stare at the growing puddle at her daughter's crotch and the trickle of pee that was flowing tenderly over her vagina. Kiki's eyes were closed in an expression of ecstasy that sent shivers of envy through Cheryl's body. As Kiki reached her arm over to touch the ongoing flow, Cheryl decided it was a good idea to leave Kiki alone and return to her own pleasures.

She crawled back into the bed, eager to return to her fantasy. She knew the dream was gone, but the fantasy wasn't. Cheryl slipped off her nightgown and rose to her knees. She bunched the bedspread and straddled it with her strong legs. The feel of the coarse cloth against her bare vagina sent chills of pleasure. She began to rock back and forth, relishing the gentle caress of the cloth against her clitoris. Her bladder was still full and she could feel its pressure as she continued to rub herself with the blanket.

«Oh, I've got to pee,» she mumbled, trying to reinvent her dream. «Mmm, seriously, I've got to pee.» A tiny trickle fell to the blanket and she felt teasing warmth tickle her bottom. «I'm just gonna pee right here, I can't hold it anymore.» Another trickle warmed the blanket beneath her. «Oh God, I'm peeing. I can't stop. Oh, it's coming.» Unable to hold on anymore, Cheryl let loose and with a loud hiss, the blanket beneath her became drenched in blissful warmth and wetness. «Oh, mmm,» she screamed, not caring if anyone heard as she peed and peed into her bedspread.

A warm puddle was forming at her crotch and she heard it splash against her vagina as she continued to rub against the blanket. «Oh, God, I can't stop. Mmm… This feels… so great.» As her orgasm began to rise, she reached her hand to her clitoris and felt the trickles of urine splash against her fingers. Relishing the warmth of her pee as it flowed over her hand, she inserted two fingers into her vagina and began moving her body up and down over them, still spraying a fountain of pee that filled her palm and dripped silently into the warm cloth. Her peeing stopped, but she resumed stroking herself, more vigorously now, savoring the wetness and softness of her fingertips against her clitoris. She thrust her hips forward and gasped as she climaxed, then fell forward, exhausted, burying her face in her pillow.

Feeling a little pee left in her bladder, Cheryl spread her legs apart again and just let loose, enjoying the renewed feeling of warmth and dampness against her bottom. She closed her eyes and allowed the soft hiss of her pee sing her to sleep.

