On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Final Part)

5th May 2011, 10:36 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

We had just two more days remaining in Spain before both T and I left for the UK. G was going back to Holland the day before us on the Wednesday (27th). In some ways I was looking forward to returning home after four months away.

Tuesday:

T and I did not get up until late, it was just gone mid-day by the time we went onto the balcony, and it was already hot in the sun. G was sitting at his table in the shade so we asked if we could sit with him. T was wearing a blue bikini bottom; G and I were wearing shorts.

I asked G if he had anything planned for his last day in Spain. He replied not really, I shall pack my suitcase later today, but there's no rush as my flight is not until tomorrow afternoon. He then asked us if we had planned anything. We both said no, apart from going out for dinner this evening. He then asked us if we would both like to join him for dinner, he said he would like to take us out. T and I looked at one another and we said OK, that would be great.

T went in for a quick shower. She came back out wearing a black thong and sat down with us. She enquired as to what we had been talking about whilst she was gone. I said, about you, G and I laughed. She said what have been saying? I said it was all bad. Then quickly added, no not really we were just talking about Spain and things in general. She just poked her tongue out at G and myself and smiled.

A few minutes later T then asked G if he had enjoyed yesterday. He replied that he had. Then added I did not expect anything like that after you had pushed me off of you the day before. I did think that I had done something wrong. T then said, no, you did nothing wrong, it was to do with an agreement that had been made previously, that's all, it was my fault for letting things go that far.

It was about 1.30pm when T got up from her chair and started humming a tune and she began to slowly dance. She seductively moved her hips and legs in such a sexy manner. She slowly wiggled her way towards the front of G and held her hands out, he took her hands and they were slowly dancing together. G then slid his hands down and placed them over her butt, he started to squeeze her suntanned cheeks and pull her in toward him. She was moving her hips forward and backward into him whilst she slid one hand round until she could feel the bulge in his shorts.. She slid her hand upward toward the top of his shorts and slid it inside, then moved it round to his butt. She ran her hand all round his butt and then pulled it round to his front. She then began to feel his stiffness in her hand.

She then danced him back to the chair where he had been sitting and sat him down. She then sexily danced her way toward me; she stood in front of me and was looking at me. She put her hands out and pulled me up. I put both my hands round her waist and then down round to her butt. She slipped her hand inside my shorts running it round to my butt and squeezing my cheek. Slowly she moved it round to the front of my shorts and took hold of me. She guided us both to where G was sitting and she held out her other hand to him. He got up and she put her hand inside the front of his shorts. She was now holding us both whilst she was still slowly dancing. She was acting very sexy toward us and she started to give me a long lingering kiss on the lips, then she placed her lips onto G's and gave him a long lingering kiss. She then put her head between G's and mine and softly said, come and play with me on the sun bed, then I want you to fuck me.

She took her hands from our shorts and went and lay on the sun bed. She said take my panties off and play with me both of you. G and I went over to her. She had some trouble pulling our shorts off, so we did it for her, we then went one on either side of her and she lifted her butt from the sun bed, then we both slid her thong down from her, over her knees then down over her ankles.

She reached out both hands. She then pulled both our hands down onto her leg. G slid his hand up the inside of her thigh and gently teased her legs apart; they were open a little then she parted them wide without any further assistance.

She then placed her hand on his and guided it up to her groin; she lifted her knees up exposing her glistening wetness up toward the sunshine. She was very swollen and her clitoris was standing out prominently, it looked so soft and inviting. She said put your mouth over me. So G put his mouth over her swollen lips. She then started to piss in his mouth; he lifted his mouth away and was licking her in between squirts. When G moved to one side she then started to piss full stream. Her piss was going out into a long stream between us. I put my mouth over her lovely wet Minge, it splashed all over me as I did. We could hear the lovely hissing noise coming from her, it sounded so loud when I had my mouth against her skin when she was pissing, it was going directly into my mouth, and it tasted so good.

She looked at us and said play with me, make me cum. She moved her hands down and gently teased her lips apart and we could now see right inside her. G slid two fingers inside her wet vagina and she gave a little groan of delight. I licked three of my fingers and started to roll my fingers round and round her clitoris. Each time my fingers begun to feel dry I took them away and licked them again and replaced them back onto her clit.

She lifted her head so that she was now looking at what we were both doing to her, she said; don't stop I love that, it feels so nice. She closed her eyes and lay her head back down again and began to draw in air through her pursed lips, Ooooohhh that's nice, she said again. G and I played with her for quite some time. She was really enjoying what we were both doing to her.

I was still running my fingers round and round her clit, every so often I slid them down to get them wet using her own juices. She started to groan a little louder and her breathing was getting heavier and heavier, she was moving herself around on the sun bed with enjoyment. In between some breaths she would say aaahhhh fuck that feels good. Then groaning loudly said, faster-faster make me cum, make me cum. G moved his fingers in and out of her swollen wet vagina even faster, I started to rub her clitoris faster and a little harder. She was moving her hips and butt with the pleasure she was feeling.

Then she leaned her head forward and looked between her legs watching us play with her and her body began to stiffen, from deep within her she groaned very loudly I'm Cumming, Then with a very loud aaaahhh she said lick me, lick me. I quickly got down and put my mouth right over her and loudly sucked and began to lick up all her lovely juices. She had finished her orgasm and I had licked and sucked at her for some time I lifted my head and she opened her eyes. I then said you squirted in my mouth, was it piss? She said no, I don't think so. I just said I don't care if it was, it tasted nice. She then said, fuck me, and make me cum over your cock.

I got between her and she opened her legs waiting for me to enter her. She reached down and held me and guided me into her wetness. She let go when I was close and I began to give her what she was craving. Slowly I then entered her; it was swollen warm and very wet. I pushed right inside her and a sound of pleasure came from her. I gradually started to move in and out of her, I could feel her muscles once again gripping me whilst I was sliding in and out of her. She was moving herself rhythmically beneath me in time with my movements. She wrapped her legs around me and squeezed pulling me closer inside her. She stiffened, looked at me and said I'm going to cum all over your cock. She let out a very long loud groan as she orgasmed. I placed my head between her legs and tasted her wonderful juices with my tongue.

When I had drank my fill and whilst I was still lifting my head, she looked at G and said come and fuck me, I want you inside me. G got between her and she held his stiffness in her hand and pulled him closer toward her. When he was close enough for her to feel his stiffness touching between her legs she let go and he slid himself straight up inside her and they both groaned with pleasure and she said that feels so nice, fuck me hard.

G was really giving her a hard fucking for no more than a couple of minutes when she said fuck me, do it do it, fuck me, fuck me hard G. She had just finished saying hard when she had a massive orgasm. Her body was quivering under him for so long, she was panting and groaning. She opened her eyes and said you both make me cum so quickly. I love it when I cum.

G and I were sitting back at our table. T still lay there on the sun bed getting her breathe back, she was very quite and did not say much for about five minutes. Then she got up and came over to us and kissed us one at a time on the lips. I am going to have another shower and wash my hair and start to get myself ready for tonight. I knew what that meant and I said to G she would be getting ready for two hours, lol.

G and I were sitting talking and he then asked me if I knew anything about her life in Tampere. I said no, not much. I know that she was married for 15 years and they had no children. They had their own business and then he left her for his childhood sweetheart. K has told me that T then became a virtual recluse for over four years. It is only in the last two years that she has gone on holiday with K. K also said, and I do agree with her, that T is sexually frustrated as she has not had a boyfriend for 6 years. They tell one another everything. G then asked if T would tell K about the three of us, I replied, I don't know for sure, but I think so, yes. I then suggested that we start to get ready to go out and we went into our separate apartments.

It took T one and a half hours to get herself ready. It was now 7.05pm. I looked at her and told her that she looked gorgeous, she smiled and gave me a kiss and said you don't look so bad yourself. T had put on her skirt that rested just above her knees, the one with the funny zip,. It zips from the top downwards. She wore a nice black top with a printed Finnish logo. Her blonde hair was hanging loosely around her suntanned shoulders. She did look good. For those of you that have seen her photos, you are already aware how attractive she is in any case.

The doorbell rang and it was G. He said are we ready? We then went in a taxi down to Puerto Marina. G had booked a table at El Greco's; he knew that T and I both liked Greek food.

At the table T sat between G and me. We had eaten our meal and finished one bottle of wine and just ordered another when she said to us. This will be our last night together, let's make it memorable. She added touch me whilst we are out and I will touch you. Kiss me if you want. Put your hands on my butt. I really would like it to be a night for us to remember. If you get a chance during the evening then just put your hands up my skirt and feel me if you want to, I don't care; I will enjoy it. She then got hold of my left hand and then got hold of G's right hand, she placed them on her knee and slid both our hands up her skirt. She had stockings on (hold ups). She stopped when she knew that we could feel the tops. In turn she looked at us and raised her eyebrows and smiled innocently. G looked at me and slightly bowed his head shaking it gently from side to side smiling. He looked at T and said, you know, you are amazing.

Not long after she started to play footsy with us both under the table. For her to be able to do this in the skirt that she was wearing she had to unzip it a long way up in order for her to have her legs slightly apart. She got hold of my hand again and put in onto her knee and I ran my hand up the inside of her leg right up to her groin, G's hand was already up her skirt and he was playing with her. Was I surprised, no, lol. We could feel her panties and G had already pulled them to one side, it was a little awkward though. T put her hand down and pulled her skirt zip down to the bottom and said I am going to freshen up.

She came back and sat down and straight away her hands went down to her skirt and she pulled her zip up to her crotch. Her legs were on view so that G and I could see her lovely tanned legs and her stocking tops. She parted her legs a little and we both put one hand each up to her groin. She had taken her panties off. I had forgotten what «freshen up had meant». She leant forward at the table with her glass of wine in her hand trying not to look conspicuous. G and I kind of took it in turns to put our fingers inside her now wet Minge. It was a little difficult but we managed, as one does. She slipped her hand over my trousers and started to feel me. She then swapped her glass into the other hand and did the same to G.

Eventually G asked for the bill and we left the restaurant and started to walk along the street. Both G and I had one hand on each side of her butt as we were walking. On the way back we decided to have a drink in a bar. It was quite crowded and noisy but we found a nice niche near a corner. I went and got us some drinks and returned to see that the zip on her skirt was halfway up, they were standing with their backs to the wall and G had his hand round behind her butt.

I gave them their drinks and went to her other side and slid my hand behind her placing my hand on her other cheek. We were both running our hands all over her butt squeezing her cheeks. We had just finished our drinks when she turned around and faced us both. She reached out her hands and put began to feel our bulges. Then we left the bar.

G and I had our hands on her butt as we walked and I was aware of her cheeks moving from side to side as she took each step, it felt so good. G then said, you are a very sexy woman T. She turned and gave him a peck on the cheek and said, just enjoy me.

We had reached a restaurant that stood about four feet away from the beach wall that went onto the beach when she said I need to pee and had began to walk behind it. She pulled her zip right up to the top of her skirt then lifted her skirt right up over her waist and pulled herself up onto the beach wall then opened her legs wide with her feet against the restaurant wall. G and I stood watching her one both side and she started to dribble at first. Then her piss came out faster until she was really hissing loudly and it was going straight between her legs onto the wall.

Her pee was making a really loud splashing noise against the wall; and was splashing back from the wall over her legs and us. I put my hand in her stream and it splashed everywhere. I licked my hand and fingers. Then G put his hand into her stream only a little further away so that it did not go everywhere. He then licked his fingers. When she had finished pissing she said, you will have to lick me as I have no paper. G then ducked under one of her legs and got between her and started to lick all the remaining piss from her pussy. He stopped and looked at me as though asking if I wanted to do it, I just said, lick her dry. When he finished we helped her down from the beach wall.

I started to get my cock out as I wanted to go and she asked G if he wanted a pee, he started to get his cock out and she got in between us both and held our cocks whilst we pissed. She started to wave them about from side to side and then up and down playing with them giggling, she was watching our piss go all over. When we had stopped she gave both our cocks a good but gentle shake. She said I'll put them away for you, she turned to me and put mine away and zipped me up. Then she tucked G's away and zipped him up. We walked the remainder of the way home and went to our apartment.

T got a bottle of white wine from the fridge and asked one of us to open it. She then said I think we all need a shower. We went into the shower and G and I stripped the clothes from her, well, what little she had on. A skirt, her top and her stockings, she had nothing else on, her panties had been removed earlier in the restaurant, and she wore no bra. T then started to help us both strip us of our clothes, and then we all got in the warm shower.

She showered us both and rinsed all the soap from us and then G and I gave her a good soaping down and played with her breasts and between her legs whilst doing so. G started to tickle her ribs again and she started to laugh saying stop, stop. Then she slipped onto the floor laughing, she had not hurt herself. We picked her up and she was still laughing. We dried one another and then went and sat on the sofa drinking our wine.

G said, that was a fun evening and that he had enjoyed it, to which we both agreed. We sat laughing and teasing T for a while and she was teasing us in turn. Then T asked as she got up from the sofa, who's coming to bed knowing full well that we both would do so. She jumped on the bed face first and lay there waiting for us to join her.

When we lay down next to her she rolled onto her back and put her hands down and felt for our cocks then started to gently wank them. I want to feel them both inside me she said. I said what both at once, we all laughed and she said jokingly, that would be good, you can do whatever you want I don't care I feel so horny.

Earlier in the Restaurant:

Whilst T had gone to «freshen up» I gave him a 50gm blue tablet and said I think that we shall both need these tonight. I suggested that we took them now and that would give them at least an hour or so to start to work. I told him that I had got them from my doctor so they were from a proper source. Do they work he asked? I said that they were good; ok I'll try one and see what happens he said. I went on, that will keep her happy for a few hours. I then said that we could be at it for most of the night with these, we both gave a little laugh and took the tablets.

END:

By now the tablets had begun to do their job, along with T's assistance and we were both as hard as fuck. She then kneeled between us and was looking at our stiff cocks. She then said, give me one of those split things (spit roast), so she got near the edge of the bed and I went behind her. I put my hand between her legs and she was already very wet. I held myself and held it up against her vagina, then slid it up toward her clitoris and started to rub my stiff cock up and down her groin. I started to tease her by sliding it in her an inch or so then taking it out and sliding up to her clit again.

By now G lay down with one leg each side of her and she already had his cock in her mouth sliding her lips up and down very slowly. She had her hand round his balls and was playing with them gently rubbing and squeezing them. She moved herself back toward me and I knew what she wanted. I slowly slid myself right into her and she gave a little groan as I did so.

I began to fuck her slowly and she started to grab me using her muscles from inside. Her hips and butt had started to move from side to side and she began to move her head quicker up and down G's cock. I started to move in and out of her faster and faster and she was now making her groaning with pleasure noises. She lifter her head and said oohhh yes fuck me, fuck me, then once again hungrily took his cock in her mouth once again.

I felt her body starting to quiver and shake in front of me and she was groaning loudly and still with a cock in her mouth she pushed herself back into me hard. She then gave a really loud groan and she had reached an orgasm, it was her first of the night. She knelt there for a while still sucking G's cock and every now and again she gave a little groan. I was still very very slowly sliding myself in and out of her lovely wet hole between her legs.

After a minute or so had passed I slowly slid myself out from her and then said to G, come round here and give her a good fucking. She stopped sucking his cock and said, ooohh yes. G and I had now swapped places and she was sucking my dripping wet cock that was covered in all her juices. G was behind her and had already started to slip himself inside her wet Minge. She again gave a loud groan when she felt him slipping his stiff cock into her and she took my cock from her mouth for a brief moment and said ooohhh I love this.

She then put her lips around my cock again and started to slide them up and down my shaft using her tongue to lick all around it. Although G is a gentle person, he does like to give T a really good hard shagging and her body was moving very sharply back and forth when he was fucking her. She had to take her mouth from my cock as she was moving so much. She held it in her hand stroking it up and down. She threw her head back with her eyes closed. She said loudly I'm Cumming, mmm, ooohhh, oohhhh shit I'm Cumming, ooooohhh and with a really loud yell and a sharp intake of her breath she groaned oooohhh I love your cocks.

We untangled ourselves and we lay there on the bed. T was just lying there with her eyes closed and half smiling. I got up and got a bottle of water for us. When I returned she had her arm under G's neck and her other arm was lying on my side, she beckoned me to lay on it. She then pulled us all together and gave a deep long sigh then said I really do enjoy what you are both doing to me, I love it. It feels so good when you make me cum like that. I then suggested that we go out for a cigarette and have a rest for a few minutes.

We went back inside and got back on the bed. I then started to tickle T and she began to scream and laugh, G held her arms and I moved to her feet, she hates her feet being tickled. She was kicking and screaming with laughter saying stop you bastards. We finally stopped and left her alone and she gave us both a good slap on the legs. She said to us, you wait, you just wait.

She then turned and faced me, she pulled my head towards her lips and she gave me a long lingering kiss on the lips. Then she turned to G and gave him a long lingering kiss on the lips. We lay there for a while talking and giggling and gradually she worked her hands down over our cocks again, playing with them making us both very hard again.

She got up onto her knees and started to move her lips towards me. Her lips parted and she took me in her mouth. She ran her tongue up and down my shaft licking gently as she went, she stopped near the top and moved her tongue around the tender spot near the top, and she then put her lips around me and began to move her head up and down. I closed my eyes enjoying what she was doing. She did not stop for a while and it felt so good. She slowly worked her way to the top and slowly pulled clear. She then turned herself and put her head over G's stiff cock.

She held it in her hand then lowered her head down toward him; she parted her lips and started to take him into her mouth. As she did with me she stopped near the top and lingered near his tender spot. Then she slowly lowered her head right over his cock until she reached the bottom of his shaft. She had it all in her mouth, every last bit. I had one hand between her legs and was running a couple of fingers around her clitoris, and G had his fingers sliding in and out of her wet vagina. She took him from her mouth and moved to the edge of the bed getting off she asked us both to come with her.

She went into the kitchen and sat on the table; she lifted her legs and opened them. She did not say anything, she did not have to. She wanted us to fuck her on the kitchen table. She leant back slightly and placed one foot either side of the table edge as I moved into her, I looked at her very swollen Minge and it was still dripping wet with her juices. I felt the velvety softness of her lips and stood right in front of her placing my hard cock just slightly in her then I entered her with a thrust forward sliding myself quickly and deeply into her, and I began to give her a really good hard shagging.

She looked at me in the eyes and said I love to feel your cock inside me. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back slightly. Fuck me hard she said. I could feel her gripping from inside again and I feel that I would be reaching a climax soon so I pulled my self out and let G move in between her open legs. She said to him fuck me hard G. He carefully guided himself over her hole and entered her a little; he then thrust himself right up into her as far as he could go. Her head went back and she groaned saying ooohhh yes, that's nice. She then began to groan loudly, her legs went out in front of her and she then had a nice long orgasm.

On the way back to the bedroom I looked at the time, it was 04.30am. We had been playing with her and shagging her for hours. When we lay down I asked her if she was ok, I said do you feel sore. She replied yes, a little but it is ok. You are both going to cum inside me. The bed was a little wet in places by now with all T's lovely juices. She opened her legs and G and I began to tease and play with her again. She said, your fingers feel so nice when you are doing that. I had three wet fingers running around her clitoris and G had some fingers moving in and out of her.

We were playing with her for a while and she was groaning in ecstasy when I started to feel it getting a little warm between her legs. G looked down and smiled; I then looked down and saw that she was pissing all over our hands and fingers. She did not stop, she let it all go. It was making a really loud hissing sound and her piss was going everywhere with our hands there. We took our hands away and she lifted her knees up and her piss just began to squirt out in a big long arch all over, it went beyond the bed and all on the floor. It was making a really loud splashing noise when it was hitting the tiled floor. She was now squeezing the last drops from her when she just started to laugh and said, I told you I would get you back for tickling me earlier.

The bed was soaked all down the middle, G and I had piss all over our faces and our arms. She just lay there laughing loudly. I looked at G and he knew what I was thinking. We aimed our cocks at her and started to piss over her tummy and tits. I stood up and then aimed at her face. G then kneeled up and moved up towards her head and he started to piss on her face. She was still laughing loudly and she put her hands up to try and stop our flows going onto her, but we held her hands and arms down. As she was laughing our piss was going into her mouth and she was swallowing some of it. Her hair was saturated and the bed was now completely soaked. You bastards she said with a big smile on her face. We all started to laugh and got up from the bed and went into the shower.

Both G and I washed her hair and then showered her and rinsed all the soap off and she said that she was going to change the bedding whilst G and I finished showering. She came back a few seconds later with a bowl and the she threw the contents at us. The water was bloody freezing; she just roared with laughter again and quickly ran out of the bathroom. We caught her in the kitchen after she tried to run around the kitchen table.

We got her on top and spread her legs, although there was not much r�sistance. I then said to G lets give her a good hard shagging. I got on the table and she lifted her legs and knees up so that her feet were level or just above her head, her juicy wet pussy was now facing directly toward the ceiling. When I entered her she gave a really deep groan of pleasure and said oooohhh that's feels nice.

I entered her with some eagerness and just started to give her what she wanted, a good hard fucking. She began to move herself under me quite quickly after I entered her and she was moving in time with my body on top of her. She started to squirm and said, give me your cum, I want to feel it. She wrapped her legs around me and started to squeeze, I knew she was about to have an orgasm and so was I. Just as I was reaching a climax I said to her feel this. Her head was next to mine and she let out a loud yell into my ear. I'm Cumming, I'm Cumming all over your stiff cock, fuck me harder. Her body went stiff and she had begun to quiver all over She groaned loudly and she stopped moving and said, I loved that, your cum felt so good. I had given her all that I had inside me, every last drop.

We lay on top of one another for a minute or so and we both gave a long sigh of total satisfaction. I then slid off her. She looked at G and said come and fuck me and give me all your cum. G got on top of her, her legs were still wide open waiting for him to enter her. He slid himself right up into her; she closed her eyes and groaned with pleasure.

He was looking at her face whilst he was giving her a good shagging. She was again moving her hips and butt under him, squirming in ecstasy and feeling him inside her. She opened her eyes and looked at him and said, fuck me. Ooohhh fucking hell she screamed oh yes, fuck me and cum up me. She was really moving her hips and butt around, then her legs started to go stiff and he let go of them and she put them around him. They both began to groan loudly and she said, give it to me, give it to me. Arrrrgghhhh, aaahhh ooohhhh she screamed from deep inside her throat. Ooooohhh that feels nice and warm she said.

He moved slowly in and out of her withdrawing a little more each time. He put his feet to the floor and went, phew. I glanced down between T's legs and noticed that the table was covered in all our juices. Her Minge was dripping with all our cum and running down to her butt. I got her some kitchen towel and G and I wiped between her legs and around her butt whilst she lay there with her legs still wide apart. We left some clean towel under her as she still lay there with her eyes closed. It was still coming out of her a minute or two later and I wiped her again and put some more clean towel under her.

We helped her from the table after a few more minutes and saw that the table was covered. T wiped it off and we left it until the morning. We could not go back to bed as it was still drenched with all our piss. G suggested that we all go into his apartment to sleep. I locked the door and looked at the time before we left. It was almost 6.15am.

We got into his apartment and had a nice hot shower then we all went to bed in G's bed. We lay there for quite a while talking and laughing at some of the things that we had done during the previous few days. G said that he would never forget what had happened and that he felt sure that he would often think of us both. Both T and I agreed that we would also probably never forget. T then said to us, you have both given me something that has been missing in her life for a long time. G asked her what it was, she replied, fun, just fun. She then went on to say that it is something that she had done and enjoyed very much but it would never be repeated. It was a Holiday thing between the three of us and that was all it was. She added what happened here in Spain, stays here in Spain.

G then admitted something to us. He said that when he first saw us out on the balcony naked and having fun. He did think to himself I would love to fuck her. T then said, well, you have fucked me quite a few times and what do you think now? He said, I wished it was the first day of my holiday again then we all laughed.

We all drifted off into sleep and did not wake up until around 10.30am. T woke up first and said to G that he still had to pack. He replied that it would not take him that long. She then got up and made us all coffee and brought it back to bed with her. We sat there drinking our coffee and she commented. Your cocks are hard? G and I looked and told her that we had both taken Viagra the night before. Oh she said. She looked at us and asked. Does that mean you are going to both fuck me again then? I said you are insatiable T, a nymphomaniac; she laughed and said, you make me feel horny looking at both your stiff cocks.

We finished our coffee and I said to T. I am going to have a hot shower and leave you both alone for a change. I looked at G and said you have to get up soon and pack. We have all day to do what we want to. T looked at me and said, no, stay here. I looked at her and said, are you afraid of G then. No, of course not she said. Well then just enjoy yourself whilst I am in the shower. G said, are you sure, yes I said, it's ok, just enjoy yourselves whilst I am gone and don't fall asleep, we all gave a little chuckle and off I went into G's shower.

I had a nice long hot shower and it made me feel awake. I turned the shower off and started to get out when I heard a hell of a noise in the apartment. I went into the living room and heard that it was coming from the bedroom; oh I thought it's only T again, but I still checked and went to the bedroom door. They were in a 69 position and it sounded as though she was in total oblivion with the noise she was making, well she was certainly enjoying herself anyway. I must have made a noise because she looked up and saw me standing at the door, she then beckoned me over. I mouthed the word, no, and went back into the kitchen to make us all some coffee. The noise that was coming from the bedroom got really loud and then I heard her scream and groan with pleasure as she does when she is having an orgasm.

Five minutes later they both came out into the kitchen looking for me. They were both naked as was I. We all sat at G's table and it was a little bit of a funny atmosphere, I think that T felt a little awkward because I had left her alone with G (she later said to me that she felt really guilty at that time). I said come on you two cheer up we have all had a lot of fun over the last few days. You have just had a lot of fun on your own and you are both feeling as though you have done something wrong, you haven't. I thought it would be nice for you both to have some privacy. G then said, I could not do that with my girlfriend. I said to him, we are not a couple, we are just good friends at this moment, but who knows what the future holds for us all. T sat not saying much she was just listening, but she was holding and squeezing my hand on top of the table.

T and I left G's apartment so that he could pack and we went and cleared up our mess from the previous night's fun. We had a load of laundry to do and we took the mattress out onto the balcony to air. T had a very quick shower and then made us some coffee. We both sat on the sofa and she suddenly asked me «what do you think of me now»? I just laughed and said, what do you mean? She said, you left me alone with G and I let him fuck me when you were not there, that was not what we agreed. Look I said, you had the choice of leaving, in any case what's the difference if I was there or not, it is not as though it was both your first time with each other. I suppose she replied. Did you enjoy it I asked her? She looked at me and a little smile crossed her lips, what do you think she said?

1.30pm and the doorbell rang, it was G, he was ready to leave. We sat for five minutes and talked about his flight home and about ours tomorrow. Are you looking forward to going to the UK tomorrow he asked T. Yes she said I am. Will you both stay together he asked? Who knows I said, but we shall give things a chance and see how it pans out, to which T agreed. He then got up and said to us, you know, you are both very lucky. T then gave him a peck on the cheek and said good luck and have a good flight. He looked at her and said I doubt if we shall all meet again, I would like you to accept this gift, and he put it on the table. He went on; it is only a memory token. T went to the door to open it and he shook hands with me and said, thank you, he smiled and said, you lucky sod. On the way out he held T's arms and kissed her on the lips and said to her, thank you so much T. I shall never forget, goodbye.

Footnote:

Most of this had been written last Wednesday evening whilst it still remained fresh in my memory, it was finished last Friday night but I have not had time to post it before. Since T and I left Spain we have done a lot of travelling in the UK over the weekend, sightseeing and that kind of thing as she has never been here before. We have had a lot of fun since we arrived in the UK last Thursday, but I doubt if anyone wishes to hear about that.

