Having A Good Time With a Full Figuired Brunette Beer Drinker Part 6

28th March 2010, 12:17 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Marlene and I got busy making our supper in her kitchen. As we made everything we both drank cans of beer. Before long I needed to piss. Since her bathroom was upstairs and I had to go rather bad I asked Marlene if there was a place down here that I could take a piss. Marlene laughed and told me there wre many places that I could take my piss! The sink,trash can, open that door thre which is the back door and piss outside down the stairs was the last place she said to me.

That sounded the best place to me for the sink was being used for our supper at the moment, the trash can needed to be emptied, so I took the few needed hurried steps to the back door opened it ripped my zipper down fished my cock out, didn't bother holding it, and let my piss stream fly! I sent a magnificent looking arcing stream of piss out fom my cock. It went almost all the way down the wooden set of stairs hitting the next too last step splashinghard on that step sending piss all over the place with its hard impact on that step.

Oh did that ever feel so good to piss! As I stood there pissing.Marlene was busy when I firsts started my piss but she had to get something needed so she had walked over to get what she needed and stopped off to my side to take a look. Marlene let out a short hard giggle first. Then she said to me; That's some stream you got there Mister! I turned my head to look at her and I smiled. Yeah I had to go real bad. Marlene even then stepped into the doorway with me looked down seeing that I was pissing on the next to last step on the stairs let out a laugh and then stepped back and went back to preparing supper.

Now as I stood there pissing I asked Marlene; where do you piss if you don't go upstairs? She let out another giggle first thenshe told me. Oh the places which I told you along with where I was plus she told me now laughing lightly as she continuied to speak to me. I have pissed right here on the floor wetting myself many times when I had clothes on! Other times when I was naked! I've pissed many times when I just came in so drunk and tired fell right on the couch and pissed too!

I was now by this time comming close to the end of my piss. My stream had cme way back making a wet trail on each step of the stairs as my stream weakened. my stream had reached and had stopped its backward motion. I went on with the conversation saying to Marlene; Hey you pisseed on that nice antique couch you have; How come it isn't stained or smells? Marlene told me the couch was [rotected with Scotch Guard! Wich would waterproof it. Her piss would not stain or get into the couches material. It would just run right off and on to the floor which it was protected with a heavy coat of varnish.

I now finished my piss by doing a couple of finishing hard spurts of piss. I shook my cock, slipped it back inisde of my pants and zipped up. Marlene hearing me zip my pants up told me to leave the back door open. She had the meatloaf ready to go in the oven. It won't get danmed hot in here with the oven on she said to me. So I left the door open. Every thing was now done except for the meatloaf which was now in the oven.

Grab yourself a can of beer Marlene said to me. So I did. She had a fresh one also. Follow me she said to me. I haven't shown you all of the place yet. We are going where it is cooler then the rest of the place. Marlene walked out of the kitchen which I followed her. She stopped at another narrow old door opened it, turned on a light switch and it was stairs that went down to the basement.

As we went down the old stairs to the basement Marlene siad to me; Your'e going to love it down here. There is one thing down here in the cellar your'e really going to love! Marlene didn't say any thing more. That left me hanging which left me thinking what could it be? We made a turn and now we were in the cellar. It too had been finsihed off with a antique style motiff along with modern stuff too.

Marlene had her television, stereo, and a vcr as far as the modern stuff. Looking around seeing all the nice antique furniture almost the same as what she had in the livingroom upstairs I smiled knodded my head in aprovement. Thre was one more piece of furniture in the cellar which was out of place. Marlene had a big antique bed down here also. She told me since this was the coolest place she would sleep down here quite often and I do have a bathroom down here too!

With that Marlene went over to where there was another narrow old double set of doors opened them and there was in this little cubicle of a room a bathroom that looked like a indoor outhouse! She turned on a light which now lit it up brightly. Thre was a wooden bench there with a shiny copper insert in where the hold of the bench was. Above was a old wall mounted toilet tank just like the toilet up on the seocnd floor bathroom. So it was flushable!

Marlene smiled with a big smile. I like it! I said to her. Thre can't be any of these type toilets left at all I said to her. Shaking her head no Marlene said there probiblly wan't. Then I asked Marlene; Would you use it? Marlene laughed hard and as she laughed she said yes! I have to piss now and that's why I brought you down here!

So marlene still was wearing that white dress on that she had been wearing all day. This time instead of just raising it up to take a piss she took it right off! Now being nude and it was cool down here in the cellar which felt real good. Marlene to me as she turned and faced me; Ah that feels so nice! I'm cooler now. Marlene now was standing straddled over the copper basin of the old toilet.

I stood at the open doorway and Marlene started her piss. She sent a nice straight stream down into the copper basin which made a loud metal sounding drumming at first till her piss had covered the bottom and then it made a splashing sound along with her streams loud hiss that her stream was making. My cock waas comming alive inside of my pants now becomming erect as I stood there watching Marlene piss into the old toilet. I told Marlene I was getting hard. She let out a loud short giggle and said back to me; Good I hope you would get hard!

Marlene looking right at me told me to get like she was. Take of your shrt and pants! she said to me. So as I watched Marlene as she pissed I got naked also. It only took me a short several seconds to do so. Now I was naked like she was as watched her piss. My ock wasn't quite fully erect and it ws bouncing up and down as it got harder which Marlene giggled hard as she watched my cock doing its bouncing up and down. it did get fully erect before Marlene finished her piss)

Marlene a short few seconds later after I reached a full erection finished of her piss with several short hissing spurts of piss from her pussy. Then she said to me; Get in here would you please! So as I stepped into the litle cubicle Marlene stpeed away from the old toilet. She stold me to sit down on it which I did. Then she sat down on my lap pulling herself tightly up to me. We can have a little fun on this old toilet she said to me. I smiled back at her.

So we started having some good foreplay as we sat on the old toilet together. I kissed, licked her breasts and nipples. I also would take turns sucking on them also between our kisses. Marlene had reached down with one hand down between my thighs and had my cocked gripped with her hand and was slowly taking long strokes on my cock with her hand.

After maybe about four five minutes Marlene asked me if I could slide back. I slid back and Marlene was now much happier that I had. Marlene then pushed my upward pointe cock down to where it was being touched now at her pussy! I could feel its warmth and wetness on my cock. Then Marlene stiffened up some. I felt some piss dribble on my cok even though Marlene only had pissed several minutes ago.

I only felt her warm piss dribbling on my cock and I was having a good time with Marlenes tits that I was not really fully aware what else was going on. As we kissed hard Marlene was still jerking my occk off, and I went on taking care of her tits when we weren't kissing Icould hear a soft cracking followed by a dull thud underneath us, along witha soft splash too. Thiis happened several times in a row which took three or four minutes time.

Then all this other low soft noises stopped and also Marlene had stopped her dribbling pissing onmy cock. She pulled my ock back in a upward pointed position with her hand. I felt her do it. Would you reach up and pull the chain please Marlene said to me. I did reach up and took a hold of the hanging chain. But before I pulled on it I siad to Marlene; I'll pull thisy cock and I pulled the toilets chain and it flushed making a loud flushing sound under us as the water went and filled the copper basin and went and emptied too.

