Halloween, pt. 2

21st November 2012, 10:04 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Lots of folks have been requesting that I follow up on my Halloween story, and describe what happened afterwards. Truth be told, I've been waiting to hear back from Alice, who has been out of town, to make sure she doesn't have a problem with me telling it. Now I have my girlie back, and good news: She doesn't mind! I actually needed a little help remembering all the details. To recap, Alice and I attended a Halloween party in sexy witch costumes. I didn't bring anything to wet myself, but she did, and she let me use it. She got all turned on watching me wet, so we decided to head home and have some fun.

*ahem*

Since I was doing most of the drinking that night, Alice had to drive us home. Which she was not happy with, as she was hoping to play with herself some more. I was feeling pretty horny by this time myself, so I leaned back and spread my legs, touching all my most tender spots. "Dammit girl, you're distracting me!" Alice said with a laugh. She stopped the car for a red traffic light and immediately bent down, slipping off the panties again. She tossed them in the back of the car and reached down to her own pussy. She let out a loud moan as her fingers made contact. She was more turned on than I thought!

We weren't masturbating for more than a minute before the light turned green again. Alice let out a frustrated groan as both her hands returned to the wheel. I piped up, "Well hurry up hon, time's wastin'!" She actually sped up when I said that. I was a little concerned about being pulled over, it being Halloween night when tons of people probably drink and drive. But miraculously, we made it home without any flashing lights in the rear-view.

We got out of the car and I headed to the front door, but Alice grabbed my wrist and stopped me. "No no, the backyard!" She obviously wanted to have some fun outdoors. The house my man and I live in has a fenced-in backyard; Alice immediately jogged to it and threw open the latched door. It was late at night, like around 11 or 12, and very dark. It was a little chilly, but not enough to distract us. No one could have possibly seen what we were doing, and that's just the way we like it.

I kept a close eye on her; in the dark I could just barely make out her body. "So, what next?" I asked.

"If I don't come soon, I'll pass out. But if I don't pee soon, I'll pop. Could you help me out with that?" With that, she lifted and inverted her skirt, and sat down on the ground, assuming a crab-walk position. I knew what that meant! Sometimes, if Alice or I are particularly randy when we need a pee, we will use each other's crotch in order to "wet" ourselves. We discovered this one day when we were tribbing normally, (which, incedentally, is one of our favorite things to do) and we recommend it to any lady-couple into watersports. It is AWESOME.

I got closer and mimicked her; inverting my skirt and lowering into the same position. We scissored our legs together and inched closer and closer, making sure to keep out butts off the ground. Soon our open crotches came together and let me tell you; I might not have been able to make out Alice's lovely bits in the hazy dark, but I certainly could feel them. Her soft wetness squished against mine and it felt soooo nice.

I had just started to move my hips and hump against her when Alice stopped me. "Whoa hey, first things first." She remained very still and quiet for a moment, and then, suddenly, a burst of heat washed over my crotch! She released her pee against my pussy and I did my best to keep myself pressed tight against her. Her pee flooded the tight crevvice between our crotches, and we both let out moans of pleasure. The warmth and wetness was pure bliss.

"Oh my Gods, that was lovely." she said. Of course, Alice immediately started grinding her pussy against mine like there was no tomorrow. Someone was still very desperate to come! We humped away and soon Alice was shivering and quivering in a long-awaited orgasm. Our crotches were so wet and sticky, when we seperated we both let out a gasp from being exposed again to the chilly air! We took a moment to catch our breath and eventually seperated, standing back up and pulling our skirts back down.

In our house, we passed by my man, wrapped in a blanket on the couch, watching a Star Wars marathon. The poor guy was still sick with a nasty head cold. I stopped to check his temperature, and he looked up at me groggily. "Hey babe. Was that you I heard outside?"

He doesn't miss a trick. "Yeah, it might have been. Speaking of which, would you mind if Alice stayed the night?" I pointed behind myself at Alice, who cutely waved back.

"Sure. I'm stuck on the couch, anyway. The bed's all yours." Score! I gave him a kiss on the forehead and Alice and I trotted off to take a shower. It was a very restful night, I can assure you.

The next day my man, who was feeling better by this time, came home from work and informed me there was two witch hats and a damp pair of panties in the back seat of the car. I knew I forgot something!

