Roommates Part 7: Dinner and After

21st April 2013, 12:54 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After their shower, Denise and Starla slipped into their pajamas, changing in front of each other, seeing no reason to be proper or private. Denise chose a baby doll nightgown while Starla pulled on a slip that hugged her curves and matching panties.

In spite of their newest experience, Denise still had trouble making eye contact with Starla. This was her first experience with another girl and she wasn't sure exactly what it meant.

"So... what now?" Starla asked, as if reading Denise's mind. "I mean, I've never done anything like that before."

Denise cleared her throat. "Me neither. It was nice, but... I don't know what it means, exactly."

"I know I really like this thing with you... this friendship. I don't think I'm gay. I just... really like what we're doing." Starla smiled and as she stared at Denise with those big, searching brown eyes, she smiled, too.

"Me too."

A little while later, the Denise offered to make dinner, searching the cabinets for ingredients to make her specialty: chicken parmesan. Starla sat at the table, watching and given directions on which cabinet held what. Denise felt a little self-conscious at being watched as she bent over a few times, certain she was flashing her panty-clad bottom. If Starla noticed, she didn't say.

While running water into the pot to cook spaghetti, Denise felt a twinge in her bladder. For a second, she thought about holding it until she filled the pot and then visiting the bathroom. Instead, she spread her legs a bit and let go, immediately feeling her panties fill with her warm pee. She bit her lip and continued to pee as the pot filled with water, masking the sound of her urine as it splashed at her feet.

"Oh, wow," Starla said. "Running that water make you have to go?"

"Mmm hmm," Denise mumbled. She could feel her heart racing a little as tiny tendrils of pee flowed down her thighs and formed a pool at her feet. The pot was full now, so she cut off her flow and carried it to the stove. But she wasn't finished. She could still feel a little pressure in her bladder. Knowing that her friend probably wanted to watch, Denise surprised herself and turned around. Facing Starla, she lifted her nightgown just enough to show her wet panties, pulled them aside to reveal her vagina, and sighed, releasing the rest of her pee.

"Oh my god," Starla whispered, as she stared again with her big brown eyes. Denise's stream sprayed from her lips and splashed noisily to the floor. It only lasted about fifteen seconds, but both girls watched it, enraptured, as it created another puddle on the tile floor.

"Okay, I can't hold it anymore." Starla sat up in her seat and smiled as she pulled the crotch of her own panties aside. Still looking at Denise, she began to pee full-force into the wooden chair. She took her hands away and relaxed as her pee sprayed out, soaking her panties

, the chair, and her thighs, and dripped noisily to the floor. Starla's pee was also a short one, but both girls' smiles and red faces made their excitement obvious.

After dinner, Starla invited Denise into her room and they reclined on her bed as Starla talked about school.

"I've peed in school a few times," she said.

"Really?"

"Yeah. I had a really long class that met once a week and it's in one of those auditorium rooms because the class is like... fifty students. The professor goes on and on sometimes, but it's all stuff we need to know. Some days I had jeans on and had to excuse myself. But there were days when I had on a skirt. So I just spread my legs and peed into the seat."

"And you never got caught?"

"Nope. How about you? Have you ever peed in public?"

"Well, I've had to squat behind cars and trees a few times, but have I ever wet myself in public? I did once. Some friends and I were at an outdoor concert. The news had forcasted rain, so that kept the crowds down and we got a spot near the stage. There were these porta-potties near the back. Now, I don't have a problem with using them if I really have to go, and after a few hours, I was really struggling. I told my friend I was going to pee and asked her if she wanted to go. She said no, so I turned to head to the porta-potties. They were so damn far away, you know?"

"Mmm hmm," Starla said. As she stared at Denise, she sat up and fumbled with her panties

. Denise smiled as she realized Starla was touching herself.

"I really didn't want to walk that far," Denise continued, "but I also couldn't just pee my pants right there in front of everyone. Then, I kid you not, it started to rain." Starla giggled, but she did not stop touching the crotch of her panties

. "And within seconds, it was a down pour. I ran back to my friend and everyone around us was either laughing, squealing, or still dancing to the music, which didn't stop."

Now, Starla had pulled her panties aside and was rubbing her clit gently, biting her lip as she did so.

Denise made eye contact with Starla and leaned close to her as she continued her story. "I finally couldn't hold it anymore and I looked down at my already soaked clothes and thought Screw it. So I just peed right there in my pants."

Starla gasped as a strong jet of pee sprayed from her crotch and soaked her mattress. She continued to stroke her vagina as her pee flowed out, warming her bottom and absorbing into the sheets beneath her.

As Denise watched, she felt her own urge creeping up. Just sitting as she was, her legs together, she released her bladder and peed softly and quietly into her panties. She didn't stay quiet for long, though, as she felt her warm pee tickle her clitoris as it seeped out of her and soaked her panties, her nightgown, and the mattress. Keeping her legs together, she pushed a little harder and peed full force, gasping as the hiss of her flow sent her over the edge and an orgasm overtook her.

Starla seemed to know what Denise was doing and she stroked harder, panting as her pee splashed against her fingers. The two girls cried out together as they climaxed, sighing and practically falling into each other's arms.

"Would you like to sleep in here tonight?" Starla asked.

