T, in a bikini in a restaurant

9th June 2011, 08:42 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Well folks it has been a few weeks since the last post. T and I have been back to Spain, then to Finland and now we are both back in the UK. During this time we have had a couple of really good experiences.

We were in Benalmadena again and had spent best part of the hot day on the beach. We were both hungry and decided that we would like something to eat, so we went to the beach restaurant which was about 50 yards away from where we were.

However, before we went T decided that as she was feeling hot she would like to go for a swim first in the sea. She returned after a couple of minutes and put on her white sarong over her bikini.

We walked into the restaurant and we sat outside but in the shade of an umbrella. We were sitting opposite one another. The waiter came over and took our orders.

When we had finished our meal we ordered another drink and we sat there for another half an hour or so talking and laughing. T then said that she needed to go to the bathroom, I commented that it was a waste, lol.

She got up from her chair and her white sarong was clinging to her as she was still wet from her swim. When she returned she had something in her clenched hand, she offered it to me and said keep your hand closed when I pass it to you. I took it from her and put my hand under the table and slowly opened it and saw that it was her bikini bottoms.

I looked at her and she just giggled with her hand over her mouth. I asked her if she had peed, she said no, not yet but she was going to. We sat there for about another half hour with another drink until the people next to us had paid and gone.

She slid her butt forward in her chair then put her feet up onto my knees under the table and lifted her sarong up to her knees and she started to piss. It streamed all over my shorts and my legs, don't ask me how she managed to acheive this but she did. The hiss of her pee sounded quite loud, perhaps it was because I was so close, but I looked around and I did not see anyone taking any notice.

When she had finished she sat back in the chair as she was before and just smiled at me and said, are you wet? We both burst out laughing.

We paid the bill and I suggested that we both go for a dip in the sea as my shorts were still a little wet from her piss.

Before our dip in the sea I put her bikini bottoms on her sunbed and then went in the sea. When we returned she picked them up lifted her sarong exposing her butt and just casually slid them back on in front of everyone, then she lay down, looked at me and smiled, then picked up her book as though nothing had happened.

We stayed on the beach until around 6.30 and then went back to our apartment for a shower together, then went to bed until around 9.00pm. We decided to have some fun and go and see her favourite waiter in the Tapas bar up in Arroyo de Miel that evening, but that's another story.

