The Reunion

13th July 2014, 03:09 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

Whilst on a night out Kev bumped into 2 old university friends in Emma and Nikki, who he hadn't seen for a good 5 years. Emma and Nikki had become very good friends during university and were actually renting a house together. After Uni Kev had to go to London on an apprenticeship but had moved back 2 years ago but had completely lost touch. They were both stunning girls, Kev had fancied the pants of both of them at one point but fell into that friendzone. There were a few nearly moments back at Uni where Kev nearly got together with Emma but nothing ever happened.

The booze flowed and it was like the 3 of them had never been away from each other. Drunkenly they made a decision to go away for the weekend to a Cabin in a place called Burnham on sea. Kev was thrilled, he was going away with two beautiful girls, sharing a cabin and he know when they got tipsy they'd start to become very open.

Kev had a secret, he has a fetish for watersports and desperation in particular, Kev had never pursued this in any relationship for fear of being ridiculed and dumped, this stems from his school days as when at the age of 14, he was caught looking at watersports porn and was ridiculed about it for years.

Kev was the designated driver and we started the 153 mile trip from Leicester, it was a glorious May morning and once again the 3 of them were having a right giggle, the girls were already on the beers. As Kev was driving, he could imagine the beers going through them and entering their bladders, just the thought of that was getting him aroused.

An hour into the journey, things had quietened down a bit, and the radio was on, The roads were pretty clear and they were just cruising. «Kev?» Nikki enquired «I'm gonna need to stop at the next services because I'm dying for a wee» Before Kev could answer Emma quipped «Lightweight» to her friend, the banter flowed to the extent that Kev missed the exit to the services, it was a genuine accident on Kev's part, but he was secretly delighted. The next services were 28 miles away which at the speed they were driving would take 30mins.Kev was sneaky, he reduced his speed from 80mph to 70mph.

Suddenly the traffic picked up and then turned into a gridlock, an accident had occurred, Nikki's worst nightmare. She was breaking her neck for a piss now. Emma who had mocked her friend earlier, was now feeling her bladder pump inside, Kev hadn't drank beers cos he was driving and was struggling to concentrate especially after he witnessed Nikki undo the top button of her Jean shorts, he also, saw her whole body twitch, it must have been a spasm.

«I'm gonna wee myself»

«I'm gonna wee myself» Nikki kept on chanting whilst rocking back and forth in the foetus position. Her Vagina was pulsing now as the beer was trying to escape, her pee hole was twitching. Suddenly a shot of pee surged it's way down and she somehow kept it in «Sod this» she said «I'm going on the hard shoulder» she swung the door open to get onto the hard shoulder but as she tried to exit the car, Her Pee hole winked and a hot jet of pee fired out of her pussy drenching her blue cotton panties.

«Fuck this», Nikki pulled down her demin shorts, sat outside the car door and released a waterfall out of her tired pussy.

Kev was unbelievably turned on, it wouldn't take very long for him to ejaculate, he watched in the rear view mirror as Nikki continued to pee, Emma who was in serious need of a wee herself now, looked down and spotted Kev's erection, she blushed and immediately looked away «Is he turned on by Nikki peeing» she thought to herself «Kev has a pissing fetish».

Kev had noticed that Emma had seen his erection and was mortified, Right then Nikki finished her desperate piss «Holy mother, that was close» she said as she clawed back into the car, closed the door and collapsed into her seat. Breathing a huge sigh of relief.

They'd been in this traffic about 45 minutes now but were starting to make steady progress again, this was big news for Emma, she was now bursting for a pee, her legs were firmly crossed and she longed to thrust her hand down to grab her aching pussy but having seen Kev's erection earlier, she was to bashful, «Would it turn him on if I did» she asked herself. 3 or 4 times within a couple of minutes a spasm hit, 3 or 4 times she felt pee edge ever closer to her overworked pee hole.

Nikki saw an opportunity to gain revenge on Emma «Oh, that was the greatest piss of my life Em, ohhh it really was, can you imagine just ripping your jeans and panties down and just letting rip, Oh you must need to pee so so bad»

For whatever reason Emma let herself think about that eventuality, my god the only thing on her mind was the burning desire to pee. Kev was so aroused at this point he could hardly concentrate on the road ahead, here he was, in a car with 2 stunning women, one of which was so desperate for a pee, she went on the hard shoulder and the one sitting next to him is one pee hole twitch away from a mini wetting. Nikki's words hit Emma hard and her sphincter muscles gave way to a hot jet of pent up pee which hissed as it escaped her overcrowded bladder.

Emma yelped and just had to smash her fingers onto her pee hole in an attempt to slam the door shut which she managed to do, «Kev, how long to the services» she asked in a forceful manner. Kev had heard the hiss, he knew she had wet herself a little, he was so turned on now he had started to pre-cum in his jeans «err err err» he stuttered, his mouth now dry with excitement «4 miles».

Emma twisted and held and grabbed for 4 miles and eventually they reached the services. Kev was gutted, the fun was over. Emma lept out of the car and headed for the toilets, she got as far as 10 metres when she had to stop cross her legs and bend over. Emma ran again, she was sure she could feel little bits of pee escaping her clenched Vagina, she saw the sign that read Ladies and she pushed it open, a big spurt escaping as she did so, what then met her eyes was heartbreaking for the poor desperation riddled Emma. There were 6 cubicles but all 6 had queues of 3 to 4 women long. Emma pee danced spectacularly, doing everything she possible could to hold in her pee that was simply screaming to be let out.

Emma wasn't the only girl in there that was desperate and what didn't help matters was everytime a girl dashed into a cubicle, hot jets of pee thundered into the toilets greeted with sighs of relief. Emma was continuously dribbling into her panties now, pee was dripping down her legs, thankfully she was next in line, the girl finished and Emma flew into the cubicle, the anticipation of epic relief was so much Emma started pissing forcefully into her jeans before she was able to pull them down and sit on the loo. Emma was exhausted, she sat on that toilet pissing an absolute firehouse, the feeling was so good, she had never ever been so desperate to a wee in her entire life.

Finally after over a minute, she got up, pulled her panties and trousers up but they were both soaking wet from the 3 seconds of forceful peeing she had done into them and it would be quite clear to anyone that Emma had wet herself. Bashfully she exited the toilet door and walked towards the sink to wash her hands, she could feel the other women sniggering as she did so.

Suddenly, a girl frantically runs into the toilets, she was wearing a tight dress that ended just below the bum and didn't leave much to the imagination. «Oh my god. Oh my god» she wailed «I can't hold it, I can't wait, someone please let me jump ahead in the queue, I'm absolutely dying, pleeeease» Just then, a jet of pee splattered on the floor where she was standing, She thrust her hand up her skirt and pressed hard against her pussy to stem the flow «Fuck this» she said as she climbed onto the sink next to Emma, pulled her damp panties to the side and let go an enormous jet of pent up pee «ahhh, this is fucking beautiful» she said, she looked over to a stunned Emma «You have no idea how much I needed this piss» just then she looked at Emma's wet jeans «Oh, so maybe you did» she giggled.

Emma rushed back to the car as quick as she could and got in, she asked Nikki to get her another pair of jeans from her suitcase in the boot. Kev was made to get out of the car whilst she changed and after 5 minutes, they were back on their way.

Not much was said in the final hour of the trip. Kev was ashamed cos he knew Emma had seen his erection, he was extremely panicky about what she was thinking «Has she worked it out» he thought to himself.

Emma wasn't thinking about that. She was upset having wet herself for the first time in her life, she had never experienced desperation on that level before and was stunned.

Nikki in the back was just listening to her playlist, the situation was awkward, it had not been a good start to the trip.

Finally they arrived at the cabin and unpacked, the scenery was out of this world. They immediately got to drinking again and gradually the awkwardness was lifted and the 3 of them started having an awesome time again. They were playing drinking games, twister, shot roulette and by 8pm all 3 were seriously drunk.

They had hired a boat, only a little one, to drift across the lake and admire the scenery once again and to just chill out a bit from the madness of the last 3 hours.

About a couple minutes in to what would be an hour long boat ride, they encountered a problem. As all 3 had broken the seal and had drank a lot, The need to pee would hit them every 15/20 minutes.that was fine in the cabin but now they were on a boat with no toilet facilities.

«Not again» shrieked Nikki, «I fucking really need a piss» who had changed into a skirt for the boat trip «Yeh I'm busting again» replied Emma. Kev was also gasping for a piss «Sorry ladies» he quipped, turned around, wiped out his cock and pee'd of the side of the boat. «You horrible bastard Kev» said Emma playfully, her vagina throbbed as she did so. Nikki looked around, peeing of the side of the boat was an option «Right, I'm taking a piss of the side of the boat now cos I'm seconds away from weeing myself»

As Nikki got up to go Emma shouted «NO, don't go for a piss», Nikki turned around crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch «Fuck off Em, I'm about to burst»

«So, am I, Nikki» she replied. Emma was steaming drunk and she then said something incredible..well for Kev anyway

«Remember earlier Nikki, when we were as desperate as we are now, in the car, absolutely gasping for a piss» Emma said

«Yes, Emma, get to the point because I can't cope anymore, I'm nearly doing it» Replied Nikki

«Our friend Kevin, stood there, was getting off on it you know» Said Emma with a great big smile across her face

Kev completely blushed «err err it wasn't» He was stopped mid-sentence, Emma had hobbled towards him, her bladder screaming as she did, placed her finger on his lips and proceeded to kiss him» As she did, her fatigued bladder that had worked so hard in the afternoon, voided again and a one second spurt of pee splashed into her panties

.

«Oh Kev» she giggled «I've just wee'd myself a little» with that she took her jeans off and showed a speechless and astonished Kev the wetspot on her light blue panties

. «You like that, Kev, you like the fact that me and Nikki are absolutely bursting for the toilet that we are weeing our knickers, she pressed herself firmly up against Kev, who was shaking with excitement, this was his ultimate fantasy.

Nikki was taken completely by surprise at Emma's sudden lust for Kev but was drunk enough to join in the fun. «Yeah, Kev, look at me, I need a piss sooo bad, all I want to do is tear down my knickers and wee and wee and wee. «Oh don't Nik» said Emma laughing as a spasm hit.

Finally Kev took some initiative, he'd been in shock for the past minute «Oh Em, do you need help holding that wee in, do you Em» and with that he thrust his hand directly onto Emma's aching pussy, Kev could feel the dampness caused by Emma's earlier loss of control and almost came there and then. Emma moaned with relief, boy did she need that pressure being placed onto her crotch.

Nikki walked up to Kev «Hold me, Kev, Hold me now» and with that Kev pressed his other hand directly onto Nikki's bursting pussy. So here Kev was on a boat with 2 beautiful women, both of who were so unbelievably desperate to pee, holding both there crotches. «More pressure» moaned Nikki as Kev went to push harder he felt a sudden wetness, suddenly Nikki pushed her hand onto his and crossed her legs tight to stem the flow so Kev had his hand trapped in between Nikki's tightly crossed legs, which were damp with freshly spurted pee.

Emma pulled away from Kev's hand and went into a frenzied pee dance «Oh Kev, Emma needs a pee pee, can Emma go to the toilet?» Suddenly Kev realised he was the man in power, Emma or Nikki were not allowed to wee until his say so.

«Both of you must wait until we get to the cabin» Kev ordered. On hearing that news both girls twisted their legs as almighty spasms hit them both. They wouldn't get back to the cabin for at least half an hour. Both girls doubted they could hold for that long «What's the punishment if we don't make the cabin» Nikki asked cheekily «I'll make it a holding contest, the girl who looses has to be our slave for a day»

Both girls agreed, Kev also stated to both girls that spurts and dribbles don't mean you lose the contest until the wetspot is 8 inches.

So it was Emma vs Nikki. Both girls were just as desperate as each other. Emma stalked the boat, crossing her legs tight, both hands jammed in her pussy but the pressure was unrelenting, her bladder so exhausted from it's earlier effort began to creek, Emma's exhausted pee hole winked and out came a hot jet of piss, 2 seconds later and another spasm, another twitch from her pee hole and more pent up pee flew out of Emma's vagina soaking her panties once more.

Kev had heard the hiss, so had Nikki, her pee hole at the moment was in a frenzy as it battled hard to keep the pee at bay. «Emma, come here» ordered Kev «Oh Kev, I have to wee wee so bad» said Emma as she planted another kiss on Kev.

«I need to inspect your panties to make sure you haven't wet them so much that the wetspot is over 8 inches» Deep down, Kev was praying she passed so this could go on for a while longer. «Spread your Legs, so I can have a look» Said Kev, Emma was standing next to him with Legs crossed so tightly» A look of horror hit Emma «But Kev, if I uncross me legs I'll piss, I have to go for a wee so so bad, Kev, I'm so so desperate

» Kev, even though he desperately didn't want to incase she did lose it and the contest would be over, had to otherwise Nikki would protest «Come on Em, open those legs up» Said Kev.

It took Emma almost a minute to build up to open her legs and stand with them wide apart, she was shaking so much, Kev got his hand and rubbed it over the cloth of her saturated panties

, he teased her, he put some pressure on her pee hole but not enough to help ease the pressure «Hurry up Kev, please hurry up» As Kev was about to withdraw, a massive jet of pee flew out of Emma's pussy into his hand, immediately Emma slammed her hand into her overworked pussy and twisted her legs.

Nikki was winning, only a small leak so far but her bladder roared inside her, she pulled her top up to reveal her bladder, she looked about 5 months pregnant. Suddenly a spasm rocked Nikki's entire body and a giant blast of pee shot out of her clenched Pee hole drenching her panties

, Nikki shut off the flow but seconds later, another jet burst out of her. Kev was now openly masturbating; this was the most incredible moment in his life.

Emma, hobbled over to Kev removed his hand from his own cock and started giving him a blowjob, Suddenly a large hissing sound erupted, a loud thud was heard, Emma had lost, her pee exploded out of her tortured fanny, as she lost control, she was sucking Kev's cock, her face went into total ecstasy as the pee she had held back for 45mins finally made a break free. Kev couldn't take no more and he shot his load all over Emma as she was still pissing forcefully, she went on for 1min 35secs

As soon as Emma had started pissing, Nikki exploded into her own panties and collapsed on the floor, both girls struggled to hold back their emotions as they pissed a river out of there exhausted pussies.

When everything calmed down the 3 of them were exhausted, the 2 bouts of desperation had killed off the girls whilst Kev was in shock from the whole episode.

