New Years Eve Reality Party (Part 2)

28th January 2011, 04:35 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Please read part 1, posted two days ago. Thanks Em

As I was undressing with an audience, I couldnt help remembering there were two new sets of eyes upon me. Eyes of non nudists. Eyes of people who arent part of the nudist world, Eyes of two people who were brought up believing the old addage "you must never allow anyone but your spouse to see you naked". Eyes of people assualted with tintillating bits of nudity everyday on TV and in the advertising world. Eyes of two people, even tho married for over 10 years who donned robes immediately after showering. I felt a bit naughty. I felt a bit like a teacher. I felt a bit like person in charge. I felt a bit proud. I felt like an exhibitionist. I felt good.

After I undressed Josh stepped foreward. I couldnt help noticing Courtney and Eric's eyes were rivited. Neither were looking at our eyes. Chelsea and Sean stepped up together. Sean slowly removed Chelsea's clothes as she removed his. There we were, just the four of us in the middle of the family room. There was nothing to hide behind. Scars, moles, wrinkles and other imperfections were visable although I secretly knew nobody noticed them. I knew my breasts were being compared to Chelsea's. I also knew our guests could not help notice Chelsea looks several years older then me because she's a decent "C" cup while I'm a skimpy "A" (bending over). I also know thats OK, thats what God has given me, thats what Josh married. Thats me, and I'm proud of myself.

Finally we sad down and talked. Courtney and Sean had many questions about the nudist lifestyle. Even tho they had read all about it on the net somehow its different being able to get an answer from a real person.

Soon a buzzer rang in the kitchen signaling the pizza which we loaded in the over earlier was done. The six of us moved to the kitchen. We took seats around the glass table. (There is a story behind the glass table but tis probably not for this venue). We talked and talked and talked. When we were finished we decided it was hottub time. Fortunatelt here in northers Ohio it was kind of warm - in the 40's anyway. Courtney and Eric undressed in a bedroom and joined us in running out to the tub. Once inside it was exhilirating, the temperature in the tub was about 140, quite comfortable.

We did not sit next to our spouces, but in a BGBGBG grouping. Our spouses were almost directly across from each of us. This time the subject was peeing and it was time for Chelsea and Sean to ask questions. Chelsea started "ok, just how can you guys do this?"

"How can you find enjoyment from something society feels is nasty". It did not take much to corelate our love of this to nudism, although its further outside the box than nudism ever will be. I found real comfort in being able to discuss these and other matters honestly and openly with friends, naked friends sitting only 8 inches next to me. We laughed and laughed, and we continued to drink loads of liquids. Chelsea and Sean had pretty much kept up with us in the liquid intake department. To me completely honest here we all visited the restroom before getting in the hottub.

Courtney and Eric shared a bathroom off the bedroom while Chelsea and Sean shared a bathroom with Josh and me. After we talked for an hour or so Josh mentioned he was going to have to pee in about 10 minutes. Curtney mentioned she was also getting uncomfortable. Chelsea asked "does this mean Sean and I are going to get to see you four enjoying yourselves? Courtney asked "what would you like to see?" Josh added "Nows your chance, anything you want to see, anything at all" Chesea said "well I have a problem with the thought of having someone pee in my mouth, I could never do that". Sean added, "yes, and drinking it?, no way". We all decided to leave the tub and move to the shower room.

The shower room my dad built is really something, it measures 8 feet by 10 feet. There is heat in the floor (dont ask me about this because I can't answer the technical part.) All I know is you can run all four showers and never run out of hot water. We all got under the shower water to get warm. after we shut the water off, I squatted on the floor. Eric stood about one foot front of be. I opened my mouth and he let go, I didn't try to swallow because I knew he had to pee badly. The warmth of his nectar running between my breasts and dripping off my vagina was truely erotic. Without speaking as soon as he finished I got up and Josh layed down on the floor. I straddled his face and let go.

As soon as I was finished Josh jumped up and Courtney squatted on the floor, She took Josh into her mouth and started drinking. I's bet there was less than a teespoon which dripped to the floor .When they were finished Courtney asked "ok, whos next?" Looking at Sean and Chelsea. Neither moved so I squatted on the floow and Courtney took aim directly at me drenching my face and body. When she was done I jumped up ans grabbed Chelsea and held her to me making sure she got plenty of urine on her body. Everyone laughed as someone turned on the showers again. it wasn't long before Chelsea started to pee. All eyes were on her even tho she was embarrased. As she finished Eric said, "well shows over I can't do it. Josh explained he needed to relax and asked him about his job. he talked for about 2 mins and he relaxed enough to pee. As he started I told him "no hands" just let it go wherever. He comented on the new found freedom.

We rinsed off, dried each other and headed to the kitchen, It was not about 11:00 and we began drinking liquids in ernest. We agreed that at midnight we all would hit the shower room again. Chelsea wanted to know what pee tasted like. I asked whose do you want? See laughed and asked Josh how he felt being peed on by another guy. Josh explained that was a hangup of his untill one night he asked for everyone to shower him.

Midnight soon arrived, we headed for the shower. We decided to take turns toasting each other and have a drink from each other, right from the source. I told Chelsea and Sean they could watch if they wanted or perticipate if they chose. Chelsea said I want to participate but i cant drink, not yet. We told her it was ok, there was no pressure. As the TV in the other room sounded midnight we all shared a drink from each other. Chelsea provided but did not take any. Sean also took a drink from the five others. After sharing a few ounces with each other we drank some more liquids as we rinsed off.

We drank and peed once again before retreating tothe hottub again to discuss our feelings. Chelsea felt bad, we all assured her it was ok. We tuurned the lights off and sat in the moonlight and talked. As we talked we sat closer. And closer.

Your immaginations can figure the rest of the evening, I'm not sure its appropiate for here.

Love and take care, Emily

