Reality New Years Party

13th February 2011, 11:00 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

January 22nd seems like an odd time to celebrate New Years Eve but it was the earliest weekend members of our small "sports" group (as we call ourselves) could get together. We call our group a "sports" group because all our invitations are designed to be OK if read by unsuspecting non group members. My standard answer when anyone asks me "Whats a sports group?" is "Its just as it says, we get together and talk about sports". This is much safer then actially talking about 'peeing' and having to try to explain that to somebody.

So on Saturday evening five couples plus Josh and I met at the home of Mary and Bill at 7 PM. Josh and I were greeted by Bill at the door, we were the third couple to arrive. By 7:15 everyone was present. The party started as they always do, everyone talking about almost everything. Once again the job situation was prominently discussed, as well as sports, families, jobs, and of course football. Mary and the other wives all moved to the kitchen to help with finishing touches on the dinner. Everyone brought something to share which always makes things easier on the host couple. The guys got quiet as soon as we women headed for the kitchen, an obvious sign they were talking about their sexual exploits since our last get togther. We sat down to eat about 7:45. As usual plenty of liquids were consumed along with the dinner. One wife joked if she drank another drop she might have to pee before dinner was finished. I commented we did need to postpone desert untill after our first session.

We finished eating about 8:30 and due to several requests we headed down to the basement "play room" which consisted of a plastic covered floor with a small plastic wading pool in the center of the room. Bill had added a couple of floodlights which illuminated the pool. Once again Marylin volunteered to jump into the pool fully clothed. Nearly everyone had to go by now so we decided a group shower for her might be in order. Clothing flew off and in about 2 minutes five guys and 4 women were standing around the 4 foot diameter pool. Marylin shouted go and within seconds her offwhite silk blouse once again comformed she was braless as usual.

It took a full minute and a half for the last one to finish. Most couples grabbed their robes. Josh and I once again chose to remain naked. Marylin stayed dressed but wrapped up in a robe so as not to drip pee everywhere. Marylin stayed downstairs with the guys while 4 of us cleaned up the table and put food away. When we all got back downstairs Bill put a dvd in the player, we watched several bondage scenes and a pee compilation selection before one ofthe guys had to go again. Mike asked for a volunteer for "catch", Mary volunteered, removed the robe and squated in the pool where Mike stood about a foot from her. He took aim directly for her mouth. When they were finished almost everyone else followed suit and did the 'catch' thing.

We took time for desert and continued watching movies on the big screen in the background. We drank, talked and peed the rest of the evening away. About 11:30 Bill reminded us it was our New Years Eve and as such we had to celebrate in a special way. Mary produced 10 eight ounce drinking glasses and as she passed them out proceded to explain we each had to contribute a small amount of pee to each glass and pass it on to the person to our right. We all laughed as we tried to place only a small amount in each glass before handing it to the next person. If you have ever peed a small amount and then "shut it off completely" you now how difficult this is. Laughing does not make it any easier, trust me.

Even tho it was a bit after midnight when we finished adding to each glass we all toasted each other and downed the entire glass of Champaign. As I chugged my glass of Champaign I remember thinking how our group was truely bonding by consuming something so personal, so intimate, so much 'from within' ourselves. It was truely a sharing experience.

We finished our evening with individual showers. I close to be last in the pool because I love the feeling of laying in the pool of pee, even if its less than a half inch.

Bill and Mary's regular shower ran out of hot water Long before Josh and I got to it, so we just dried off and slipped into our sweats for the drive home. Once home we placed our sweats and towels in the washing machine before heading to our own shower. Oh yeah, it was time for one more Golden Shower before scrubbing the evenings enjoyment off. By the time I was finished washing my hair I had to go once agian. Josh was laying on his back before I even mentioned I had to go. We enjoyed tremendous sex, even if it was inturrupted by another trip to the shower. All in all I had to get up 5 times during the night to pee. Josh woke me up about 8 AM. He had to pee badly and since we had all day to ourselves...

Love, Emily

