Office accident

5th August 2017, 10:28 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

So on my first day of my new office manager job last Monday and I also experienced my first wetting accident. I arrive at the office about 20 minutes early to get situated and aquanted with the building. My boss briefly shows me around the floor I'm going to be working on and introduces me to a few of the other employees I'd be working with before he suddenly gets a call and the day quickly begins. Before I could settle in, or even locate the restrooms, the phones started to ring off the hook. The phones wouldn't stop ringing for even just a second.

I have been sitting at my desk for five hours now and haven't been able to get a minute to go pee. I've been drinking coffee and tea all day. I didn't want to ask if I could have a pee break. I was a little bit embarrassed to have to interrupt everyone's work day so someone could leave their office to sit in my office to answer my phone. So I continued to wait. I assumed I would be getting a lunch break sometime soon, so I would go then. Then I saw my boss walking towards me, I figured he was going to send me on a lunch break, I started to feel a little bit excited and relieved that I was finally going to be able to go pee. Just as I felt the excitement of about to get some relief, he bursted that thought. He stepped up to my desk and said..." We are so busy today so I ordered everyone lunch. I was devastated, I was about to burst. I began bouncing on my seat.

I was so embarrassed, I was hoping he didn't notice. Ohhhh I had to pee so freaking bad!!! He then asked me if I could receive the order when the delivery guy arrived. I, of course said yes. He handed me a company credit card, said It will be here soon, go ahead and sign my name. As he walked away, I looked at the clock, it was already 4pm. What? Wait... Ordering food now? I thought to myself.... We get done in an hour and we are ordering food!!? I took a deep breath and regathered myself. Ok I thought to myself..." It's one hour, I can make it, I can hold on for another hour and go pee quickly before I have to catch the bus.

My bus doesn't come until 5:15 I will have plenty of time. I take a few more calls before they shut the lines down at 4:45. I clean up my desk and area real quick so I can get out right at 5:00. I'm watching the clock tick, it's at two minutes till five... I'm getting anxious, I'm ready to explode. Just the thought of finally peeing is getting me excited. Ok... Yes!!! One minute till... I stand up, start to push my chair in, look up towards the restrooms. NO!!!! The delivery guy!! Omg!! I take the bags, sign the receipt and send him on his way. Now I have to take the order down to my bosses office. Omg!!! He's going to cause me to not be able to make the restrooms before I catch the bus. I hand him the order, I try to get away quickly, but he insists that I take something home with me. He fishes through the bags, grabs me a few things and finally tells me have a good night and sends me on my way.

I practically jog down the hall. As I get close to the restrooms, I look at my watch, it's 5:11!! I only have four minutes to get down the elevator and to the bus stop. If I stop to pee, I'm definitely not going to make the bus. I decide that I should catch my bus because it's the only bus that goes to my neighborhood. I hurried to the bus stop, barely made it. I boarded the bus, grabbed a seat near the front so I could get off quick. As the bus started to move, my bladder began to ache.

The urgency started to grow quickly and immensely. I was bouncing and wiggling all around my seat. I was struggling to hold on, I was beginning to panic. My body began to rock back and forth uncontrollably. I felt little beads of sweat forming on my forehead, I started feeling little shivers run throughout my body. My pussy began to ache and tremble. I couldn't resist the urge to grab myself. I reached down and pushed on my pussy, pressing as hard as I could. Believe it or not, applying pressure somewhat felt relieving. The harder the pressure, the better. My stop was next....

THANK GOD!! I took the last few minutes before my stop to regain control. I took a deep breath, stiffened up my posture, got ready to stand up. As the bus stopped, I slowly stood up, took another deep breath and started to take my first step. Just as I took my first step, I felt my bladder began to quiver. I got so nervous, I started to panic. I couldn't get the control back. I stood still there. I was frozen right there in the aisle of the jam packed bus. Front and center in everyone's veiw. The bus was filled with both men and women. All I could think of was what if I piss myself... what are all these people going to think? As I stood there in shear panic, gripping onto the hand rails. With my face glowing red with embarrassment, I looked all around taking in all of the people's faces.

The bus driver telling me that I had to go if I wanted off here because he had to go. Once again I take a deep breath, and I start to take a step... I knew I was going to burst right there, but I had no choice.... The driver was demanding I get moving. I had to keep walking. I feel my hot liquids begin to leak. The flow started out slow stream on the first step, but by the second step, they were just gushing out and down my legs. With every step, I was leaving a little puddle of warm pee on the bus floor. After about 6 steps, I'm finally off the bus.

Now... almost to my appartment. I run up the stairs, get in my front door, strip off my wet clothes. I lay down across my bed, let out a long sigh in relief to finally be home. As I'm laying there, thinking about the whole situation, I realize that it really made me feel turned on and horny. I kept replaying the episode over and over in my head as I pleasured myself into a extreme orgasm. I definitely think I want to try this again sometime

