Meet me in the bathroom, she said

20th January 2007, 12:20 AM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

The shop I work out of, is close to the downtown area. We work long hours (7 am. 5:30 pm) so we get 1 and 1/2 hours for lunch.

I usually spend part of that time at the library, which is very close by. I read current magazines, newspapers, go on-line, or just sit in a comfortable chair and relax.

The magazine section has about 15 chairs arranged in a semi-circle. Since last October, I have seen a very attractive young woman, around 25, also there at about the same time as me, reading magazines,etc. I watched her leaving one day and saw her enter the law offices across the street from the library. Since she wears nice business clothes, but nothing too dressy or formal, I came to the assumption that she is a secretary or para-legal but not a lawyer. As she would often wear fairly short skirts that showed a lot of leg and thigh when she sat and crossed her legs, I would position myself so as to get the best view possible. We never spoke, but exchanged glances and smiles several times. At least she knew I existed.

One Friday last month, I was reading and relaxing when she came in, grabbed a magazine, and sat down in a chair close to mine but angled perfectly so I would have an excellent view. She crossed her slightly chubby legs and her black striped miniskirt rode up enough on the side to show me the lacy tops of black thigh-high stockings. Now, pantyhose are fine and all, but the thought of silky legs AND nothing covering a young female crotch but possibly a thin silky thong or string bikini, was enough to get my undivided attention. (and to help my half hard cock to come to attention, too). I pretended to read as I watched her cross and un-cross those shapely legs, hoping to get a quick crotch-shot.

To my surprize and delight, she also seemed to be looking my way more than at her magazine. Feeling pretty bold (and horny) and encouraged by her seeming interest in me, I uncrossed my legs and gave my growing meat a couple of gentle squeezes, while looking her way to see if she was watching me. She was indeed!

She responded by uncrossing HER legs and kind of shifting her sitting position so that she was facing me more directly. At the same time, her short skirt rode up a couple more inches up her thighs. We were pretty much alone, with only one other chair occupied at the other end of the semi-circle. And the librarian's desk was hidden behind columns. I had a clear view now, all the way up to her panties. They were light blue, shiny satin, and I could see just a few light brown curly hairs peeking out from either side.

She spoke for the first time, "Like the view?"

I think I just nodded my head up and down like a stupid bobble doll, as her eyes fell from my eyes to my lap. My cock was fully hard and I was rubbing back and forth, just across the top side. I was wearing boxers that day, so she was having a good look at almost my full length, about 7".

She looked around to see if the coast was clear, then pulled her skirt all the way to her waist. I could now see that her panties must be a thong. She pulled it to one side, revealing a very hairy pussy, not even trimmed, which I prefer much more than shaved ones. She rubbed her fingers across her slit, then up to her clit. She pushed back the hood over her clit, and out popped one of the biggest ones I had ever seen... like the ones on the big clit porn sites! It was as big as the tip of my thumb. She licked her actual thumb, which was dripping saliva as she started rubbing her huge clit with it. "Meet me in the bathroom", she said almost breathlessly. She stood up, pulled her skirt down, and walked away. I gave my hard-on a few seconds to subside somewhat, then followed.

But wait! Which bathroom!! I concluded she would not have the nerve to go to the men's room, so I headed for the Ladies. I knocked, just to be safe. No answer. I slowly opened the door, looked around,and there were four stalls in the room. All of them where closed.

I knocked on the door to stall nearest to me, and when it opened, I looked into a shocked face of a cute student that I had seen earlier at the library.

She asked me if there were a fire in the building and she was about to get up from the seat.

I mumbled that everything was fine, and excused myself for having entered the wrong bathroom to look for someone.

- Ok, keep looking, she said with a laugh.-I still have some work to do.

She clapped herself on her stomack and grinned to me.

- I can assure you you don't wanna be here when it goes down, she said.

I smiled back at her, took a peek at her pussy,and closed the door to her stall.

I was about to run out of the room, when the door to the stall in to other end, opened slightly. A hand winked me closer and when I went closer, I saw my newfound friend sitting at the toilet.

She let me in and locked the door behind me.

She faced me.Her thong was on the edge of the sink. She pulled her skirt all the way up, showing (and wiggling at me) a fine plump womanly ass. I pulled my stiff one out as she turned to face me, and gasped at my hard dick being jerked off right in front of her. The room was very small. She backed up a foot or two, turned to her side, and placed one foot on the the toilet.

Her musky odor filled the stall. She was slapping her big clit with one hand, and teasing her tight pussy lips with the other.

"Do you like my wet pussy"

I couldn't say a word. I was close to cumming. The smell from her cunt was driving me crazy. I managed to delay my orgasm by leaving my dick alone while I kneeled on the floor right in front of her and watched her masturbation close-up. My face was just inches from her pussy. She put two fingers in and continued to slap and rub her clit, which was now a deep dark red color. She was so wet now that some of her juices splashed onto my face as she finger fucked herself.

Within just a minute or two, she started to cum. Her aroma got stronger, her fingers went faster, and that clit just got bigger and bigger.

As she started to spasm amd jerk, she let out a scream that must have been heard thruout half the library. One hand was squeezing a tit now and the other was moving the hood over her clit back and forth, like she was jerking off a little cock.

A small stream of pee came out of her pussy. Then it increased to a flow.

It hit my cock as I stood up and started to jerk off again.

I pressed my dick against her musky pussy as I started to cum.

She caught some of it in her hand, smelled it, then rubbed it on the inside of her thigh, close to her swollen lips. She was clearly cumming again as my last stream hit the bathroom floor. She picked up her thong, which was now on the floor, wiped her pussy with it, smelled it, and handed it to me.

"A souvenir", she said breathlessly, and continued to gently rub her clit back and forth. I grabbed some paper towels, wiped our cum and juices off the floor, and offered her the smelly brown towel. She smelled it, and stuffed it down her bra.

"Next time, I'll do you, and you can do me. Deal?", I said. She nodded, gave me a kiss on my neck (with a little sucking action too), and we left the stall together.

When we passed the stall near the entrance, we heard heavy moanings and splashing sounds.

I could not help myself, so I opened the door carefully to the empty stall next to hers.I went in and stood on the toilet seat and looked over the wall to take a last peak at her.

The cute student was still sitting on the toilet, but now with her legs wide apart and with her right hand working in her pussy.

I got an instant errecion .The girl was so sexy.

She sat there with her eyes closed and was breathing and moaning heavily.

As I planned to step down from my "watchtower", I felt a hand opening my zipper, and before I could protest, as if I wanted to :-), I felt my dick beeing suck into a warm wet mouth.

I let out a moan of pleasure.

The girl opened her eyes and saw me.

- Oh,no. -Not you again.-This is too much in one day, she said half laughing and half moaning.

She then said that she had heard us and that she had gotten so horny by our moans that she had to get off.

She slowed down her wankinking a bit and said that this day was the craziest day she ever had experienced.

Then we heard voices of some females outside the bathroom, and I jumped down from the toilet while my female friend shut the door.

Some secoonds after, we heard two females comming in and enter the other two stalls.

They talked about exams while they undressed. Then they sat down and peed.

All the while my friend kept fondling my dick with one hand and playing with her tits with the other.But when she started to blow me again, another moan escaped me.

The two feamles stoped talikng.

- Are you ok in there , one of them asked.

Before I could react, my neighbour, the cute student responded with a giggle and said that everything was ok,

Right after the two females finished and left.

- Thanks for saving me, I giggled back to my neighbour.

- Why don't both of you come in here and help me to get off, and so can your girlfriend continue doing to you whater she is doing to you in here?

Seconds after, we were all in the same stall, with me standing in front of the cutie still sitting on the toilet. My female friend was kneeling down to finish the blow job.

- Oh, this is so far out, this is so weird, the student gasped as she started to wank again.

She asked me to play with her breasts to help her cum, and I am not hard to ask, so I started to caress her tits, as her moaning incresed together with the speed of her wanking.

At the same time I also heard rubbing sounds and moaning from my kneeling friend who was blowing me. I looked down and saw that she was rubbing her pussy through her thong.

The cutie on the toilet wimpered that she was almost there, and that she needed us to hold her and embrace her.

My friend let go of my dick and embraced the girl and I bowed down and held her too.

The student girl grabbed my dick and started to masturbate me as she rubbed herself furiously.

Then, after a minute or so, she let out a long moan, arched her back and came with a shudder.

I rubbed my dick against her hand and leg and came right after.

My friend humped the other leg of the girl, and as I kissed her and fondled her tits, she came too, but luckily not so loud as the first time.

Some female entered the bathroom again and went into a stall beside us, and we got ourselves together and left in a hurry.

