Bob's Amazing Business Trip (m/f watersports)

4th March 2015, 04:19 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Today marks my sixth anniversary here on PeeSearch. It is my habit to post a new story every time I reach a milestone, hence here is my latest effort. I hope that you enjoy it. If you do enjoy it, or hell, even if you don't, please feel free to check out some of my other stories:

###

Bob sat in the airport waiting for his flight, dreading every minute of it. It wasn't always like this, there was a time when he didn't mind going on a business trip, and had always enjoyed trips to D.C., his current destination. Actually, if he had been able to come on this trip by himself he would have enjoyed it, as it would give him the chance to get away from the hell that his office had become. Unfortunately his bosses had decided that this was a two person job, and one of the ladies in the office, Ann, was going to be his traveling partner.

It wasn't that Ann was a bad person, she wasn't. And the petite brunette was definitely pleasant to look at. He really liked the way she kept her long silky black hair combed straight, enjoyed the way her smile lit up her pretty face, and relished the sneak peaks he would frequently take of her tight ass as she walked down the hallway. She wasn't very busty, but her breasts were appropriate for her size. She also seemed to be a really sweet girl. In fact, they used to get along at the office just fine. That was until that bitch Rebecca had made his life a living hell.

He had to admit that he shared much of the blame. Maybe it was most of the blame. But still, she should have respected his privacy. She didn't. Now he was th officee pariah, and many at the office held that bitch as a hero.

They had been working long hours at work in support of a test. He, Rebecca, Ann, and many others were manning a tech support center for the users who were testing their software. The thing was, they had designed the software very well; the users had found it easy to operate and found an extremely low number of bugs. This made the time they spent in the support center extremely tedious and boring. To pass the time he liked to go on his Android phone and surf his favorite website: PeeSearch.net. He used the phone to look at and comment on the galleries, to read and comment on the stories, and had even written a story on his phone during the test.

He didn't think that he would get caught. The way he had his desk arranged he could see everyone as they approached him, and there was no angle where someone could look over his shoulder. Despite it being fairly risky behavior, he believed that he would be safe.

He was wrong. On one particularly slow day, during which he had been surfing PeeSearch on his phone for hours, his battery had run low, so he plugged it in by his desk. He left it plugged in when he had to take a bathroom break, but had made sure to hit the home button before he left, insuring that if anyone had for some reason touched his phone all they would see was his home screen. That is, if someone hadn't bothered to go snooping deeper.

While he was in the bathroom Rebecca had taken it upon herself to see what he was looking at when he was on his phone during work. His excuses of "catching up on the scores from last night", "reading news", "watching movie trailers," and "playing games," which satisfied everyone else, had not convinced her. So during his break she went over to his desk, picked up his phone, and went looking to see which applications he had open.

She found that he had a browser window open to PeeSearch. When he returned from the bathroom he found Rebecca showing his phone to all of his coworkers, remarking about how sick of a pervert he was.

The reactions were predictable. The women of the office had started to call him names, berating him for how sick and disgusting he was. Some of the men had said that what was on his phone was none of Rebecca's business, others berated him for looking at porn while at work, and others joined the chorus of women decrying him as a sick bastard.

Bob was livid. He told her that she had no right to invade his privacy and search through his phone, something which he would later tell his bosses while trying to defend himself. His bosses didn't want to hear it, and he knew that they wanted to fire him. Rebecca had led charge to get him fired, and had plenty of support. But, according to company rules, on this, his first offense, the most the company could do was to counsel him. Another mistake of any kind, however, and they had the ability to fire him. There would be no strike three.

As a result of the incident, not only did he have to receive counseling, the whole company had to perform online prevention of sexual harassment training, and then had an all day face to face training on the same subject. After having to endure all of that mandatory training almost all of the men were as hostile to him as the women were. His workplace had become a living hell. Unfortunately his attempts to find another job had so far been futile.

And now here he was going on business travel, and with one of the women from the company. He was initially surprised that they sent him, but then figured that they probably just wanted to get rid of him for a week. He was even more surprised that sent a woman along as his traveling companion. Ann must have drawn the short straw.

He closed his eyes for a second, trying to think of the negative comments that Ann had given him during his ordeal, and the nasty looks that she must have given him. He was surprised to find that couldn't remember any. He saw multiple images of that bitch Rebecca's face, and he could see and hear Tiffany, Susan, Sandra, Eloise, Tye, and Shelby spouting bile his way, but couldn't recall any instance where Ann had treated him badly. He was sure that he was just overlooking it, however; every other woman at the office was treating him like he was the anti-Christ, he was sure that Ann had done so as well.

###

Bob had already been in his seat by the time Ann had boarded the plane. As he hadn't seen her at the gate when he boarded, he assumed that she must have just recently arrived at the airport. He watched as she went to sit down, and noticed how shocked she was when she a saw a stranger sitting in the seat next to hers. She then started to look around at the other seats in the plane, apparently trying to find him.

Bob knew why she was so surprised. It was company policy to book their employees in adjacent seats so that they could work on any unfinished items during the flight if necessary. While most of them never did any work on the plane, he never knew of an instance where one of them had changed their seats so that the weren't sitting next to a coworker. That is until he had done it about an hour ago.

He had no desire to sit next to one of the office women during a flight, and figured that he had done her a favor. He doubted that Ann would want to sit next to him. He was surprised to see what appeared to be a look of disappointment on her face as she finally found him sitting next to a window and approached his seat.

"Hi Bob!" she said, in a voice that was much friendlier than he was expecting. "I guess the ladies in the travel office screwed up and didn't get us seats next to each other, so I guess we'll have to work independently and get together when we get to D.C. I've put together some things for you to work on." She then handed him an manilla folder.

Bob smiled politely as he took the folder, but he wasn't happy about it. He hated working on planes, preferring to simply read a book instead. As he watched her walk back to her seat he opened the folder. He needed to know whether or not he needed to grab his lap top from the overhead. After he glanced down at the contents of the folder, however, he immediately closed it. He looked at the guy on the aisle seat, and was relieved to see that he was absorbed in a book, and apparently hadn't seen what was inside the folder. He then looked back behind him, to make sure that nobody was standing up in the aisle looking over his shoulder. He seemed to be safe on that front as well.

Bob shifted his position so that his back was to the window. He lifted the folder up in a way that only he would be able to view its contents, everyone else would only be able to see the outside of the folder. He wasn't sure exactly what he had seen when he opened the folder the first time, only that he was fairly certain that he glimpsed a picture of a naked woman. What he couldn't figure out is why.

His first thought was that Ann was playing some kind of cruel prank on him. Maybe she was trying to set him up, have him get caught looking at pictures of naked women on the flight, which would certainly mean the end of his employment at the company. He hoped that a closer view of the contents of the folder would help discover exactly what it was that she was up to.

He nervously opened the folder, still afraid that someone might be able to see what he was looking at, despite his precautions. What he saw shocked him. The first item inside the folder was a selfie of Ann, standing naked in front of a bathroom mirror, pissing on the floor. After briefly looking at the picture, he had a startling revelation: he had seen this picture before! Well, not exactly this picture: in the version that he had seen the head been cropped out, but still, it was the same picture. He had seen it in the galleries on PeeSearch, from one of his favorite posters, a woman who went by the name wet_annie.

Bob closed the folder and looked over at Ann, his mouth agape. She had been looking back at him, waiting to see his reaction. When she knew he was looking at her, she smiled and gave him a wink

###

It was no mistake that Ann and Bob had been selected to go on the same trip. Ann's traveling partner had initially been a guy named Frank, a guy that Ann found to be a real asshole. She had gone to her boss and insisted that Bob should be the one to accompany her. She argued that he knew more about the particular software product that they were going to be briefing than anyone else in the company, and, besides, he was also one of the best briefers in the company. While her boss knew that both points were true, he told her that he wasn't comfortable with her being on a business trip with a sleaze like Bob. She countered that the most important thing was the sale, that she hoped that Bob had learned his lesson, and that no matter what she could handle herself. Her boss had relented. She was ecstatic.

Ann had always really liked Bob, but had been too shy, and too scared of rejection, to ever try to push their relationship beyond anything more than being amicable coworkers. She had practically swooned when she had first met him. With his chiseled good looks, blonde hair, 6'1" frame, and athletic build, he was the farthest thing that you would expect for a brilliant computer programmer. When added with his fun sense of humor it was easy to see why he had, at one time, been one of the most popular guys in the office.

That was, of course, until that bitch Rebecca had violated his privacy. Ann had been the first to notice Rebecca pick up Bob's phone as it lay charging, and had told her to leave it alone. Rebecca had ignored her, and moments later had brought the phone straight to Ann. "See," the bitch had said, "I was right to look. Look at what that sick bastard has been doing on his phone, and right here in the office!"

Ann had looked at the phone, stunned. It was open to the PeeSearch gallery dedicated to golden showers. Right in front of her was a picture of a beautiful woman holding a guy's pissing cock, aiming the stream at her tits, looking up at the guy with a huge smile on her face. She couldn't believe it. As long as she could remember she had been fascinated by piss; in fact, there was nothing that turned her on more. In college, she had always volunteered to do laundry in her dorm room. Her roommate had assumed that Ann was just very particular about her laundry. The real reason was that Ann loved to piss herself: the feeling of her hot piss pouring into her panties and the crotch of her pants, then running down her pant legs and into the bathtub, was exquisite. She always got herself off afterwards. She never wanted her roommate to find her pissy wet pants and panties in the laundry. Fortunately she never did.

Her roommate accidentally, however, was very instrumental in furthering Ann's pee fetish. Lana was a girl who always insisted on trying the latest fads, and had one day approached Ann with a new idea. "Annie, I know this sounds weird, but I just read up on a brand new way to improve your health. It's called urine therapy. I know it sounds gross, but the idea is that there are, like, a ton of benefits from drinking your own pee. I want to try it but, uh, I don't want to do it alone. Would you, please, try it with me? I mean, I know how disgusting it sounds, and you don't have to, but please ..."

"Okay, okay, I'll do it, but only if you stop badgering me!" Ann had replied. It hadn't been a hard sell. While Ann hadn't yet tasted pee, she was kind of excited to try it.

When the time came Lana brought out two clear plastic cups out to the table in the dorm, and, to Ann's surprised, pulled down her shorts and panties right there in the middle of the room and started to fill up one of the cups. Ann stared at her in shock and excitement. While she never had felt any kind of attraction to women, she had also never watched anyone else pee before. Seeing Lana do it had excited her. Ann hadn't realized how intensely she was staring until Lana had started to speak.

"Oh, Ann, I'm sorry that I embarrassed you! It's just, you know, we're roommates, it's not like we haven't seen each other naked. And since we were going to be drinking our piss in front of each other ... no, you're right, this is too private. Next time ..."

Ann certainly hoped that the next time Lana would piss right in front of her again, and knew that she had to calm Lana down. Giggling, she said, "Don't worry about it. I was just surprised, that's all, not grossed out, I promise." To prove that she wasn't embarrassed Ann had grabbed the other cup, pulled down her panties, pulled up her skirt, and started to fill it in front of Lana.

"Okay, sorry, I guess I'm just nervous about this whole 'urine therapy' thing, and was just over reacting," Lana had said, as she wiped her pussy clean with a tissue. When Ann had finished pissing Lana had handed her a tissue, and after she wiped the two of them sat at the table together, each with the cup of their piss in front of them.

Ann noticed had much darker the piss in Lana's cup was, and decided that Lana must not keep herself as well hydrated as she did. Ann was about to pick up her cup and take a drink when Lana spoke up. "Well, I'm the one that got us into this, I guess that I'd better drink first."

Lana had taken a small sip, swallowed it down, and then started complaining. "Oh god, that's gross! Sorry Annie, don't drink it! Oh god!" Lana then jumped up and ran to the bathroom. Ann heard her start to brush her teeth, obviously wanting to get rid of the taste.

As Lana was in the bathroom Ann picked up her own cup and quickly drank it down. She found that she didn't mind the taste at all, and enjoyed the naughty feeling she had while doing it. She was going to dump Lana's pee into the kitchen sink for her, but stopped herself. The thought of drinking someone else's pee was really starting to turn her on. She listened, and could still here Lana brushing her teeth. She picked up Lana's cup, checked one more time to insure that Lana was still in the bathroom, and gulped it down. This one definitely had a much stronger taste than her own, but Ann didn't mind it, and the fact that she was drinking her roommate's pee made her extremely horny. If Lana hadn't been around, Ann knew that she would have masturbated right there. But realizing that her friend would be out of the bathroom momentarily, Ann just rinsed out the cups, threw them away, and sat down.

When Lana returned from the bathroom she had been extremely apologetic. "Oh Annie I'm so sorry about that! I promised that we won't do anything like that again! Oh, and thank you for dumping those cups for me, you didn't have to, I would have dumped my own. Hey, I'm on my way to get some ice cream. Do you want some? My treat."

Ann had already realized that this would be the first and last time that she was able to see Lana pee, and get to drink it, but hearing Lana say it made it all the more disappointing. She knew, however, that she couldn't let on how much she had enjoyed it. She simply looked at Lana and said, "Hey, really, it's no big deal! You don't have to get me anything, but I wouldn't say no to some rocky road."

Ann was relieved as Lana left, and had taken advantage of the private time to bring herself to a huge orgasm. That had been the one and only time that she had tasted another person's pee. It was far from the last time, however, that she had tasted her own.

She had not known, however, that there really were others who were as into peeing as she was. Oh, she had heard people joking about golden showers in the past, but the jokes were always in a negative light, and she had no idea that there really were people who enjoyed that sort of thing.

That was until Rebecca had stood there and showed Ann the image on Bob's phone. Ann had grabbed the phone and muttered, "I don't believe this!"

Rebecca had responded. "Yeah, disgusting, isn't it! What a pig! I'm going to make sure that he gets fired over this!"

Ann had worked quickly as she had grabbed the phone. She had to know the name the website, and saw that it was PeeSearch.net. She also saw one other thing: at the top of the page it had said "Welcome PissBobWetPants." She surmised that to be Bob's username, which she found to be cute if more that a little dorky. Upon hearing Rebecca talk about Bob getting fired, Ann looked up at her. "Hey, you might not like what websites he goes to, but he was looking at this in private, not sharing it with anybody. Also, this is his phone, not yours. I'm returning it to his desk!"

"Oh, so you don't have a problem with him looking at filth like this!" Rebecca retorted, grabbing the phone away from Ann. "Maybe you're just as sick as him!"

"That's not what I said," Ann replied, getting angry. "But it's his phone ..."

Her complaints fell on deaf ears. By that time everyone else had heard the commotion and had come over to see what was going on. Rebecca appeared to be enjoying herself as she showed everyone Bob's phone and belittled him. When Bob had returned Ann watch in horror as Rebecca, the other women in the office, and most of the guys confronted him. She had wanted to stand up with the couple of guys who were defending him, but she could still hear Rebecca's words, "Maybe you're just as sick as him!" To her shame Ann had stayed silent.

When Ann had gone home that night she immediately went to her computer and pointed her browser to PeeSearch.net. She couldn't believe what she found when she got there. It was a much larger site that she had expected, and appeared to contain more members that she had ever dreamed of. She quickly joined the site.

It didn't take long for her to become fully immersed in the site. She read and commented on the stories. She participated in as many forums as she could. And while she had never really watched much porn in the past, that changed when she got access to the galleries. She was a regular there, viewing as many pictures and watching as many clips as she could, always commenting on the ones she loved.

Her favorite poster on the site was Bob. It's not just that she entered the site already knowing him, it was also the content he provided. He was a regular contributor to the galleries, and she found that her tastes were very similar to his. But it was his stories that really got to her. Bob was a prolific story writer. Sometimes she would read a story of his and find that she had similar fantasies. Other times she would read a story and develop new fantasies.

Soon she was inspired to write her own stories. She started by writing about some of her experiences wetting herself, about the time she drank Lana's piss, and some of her solo experiences drinking her own piss. She then started writing about her fantasies. Many of them were golden shower stories. The men in those stories were always patterned after Bob.

She also started posting pictures of herself to the galleries. Sometimes she would take selfies using her phone, other times she would mount a camera on a tripod and use the camera's delay function. She would always crop out her head before posting the pictures. After learning where to position herself so that her head wouldn't be in the initial shot, she also started taking and posting some videos as well.

Bob had, from the start, taken notice of her stories, and later her pictures and videos, and commented on them. At first the comments were simply complimentary. Later they became flirtatious. That led to them PMing, and eventually emailing, each other. In the emails they would share their fantasies of each other.

Two weeks ago Bob had sent her a video of himself pissing, one which included his face. She found the video to be extremely hot, and had cum imagining that his piss stream was soaking her. He had politely asked if she could send him a picture or video clip that included her face. She was tempted, but had known for a month that she was going to take this business trip with him. Her plans were to reveal her identity to him on this trip, and decided to keep those plans. She politely declined to show him her face, telling him that she was still too nervous to do so over the computer, but hoped to build up enough courage to send him a picture of her face some day soon. He understood.

She had been disappointed to see that they wouldn't be sitting together on the flight. She wasn't a fool, she realized that Bob must have switched seats. She felt a pang of guilt about that. While she had never said one negative thing to him during his ordeal, she also had been too afraid to stand up in front of the office and defend him. She hoped that he would forgive her when they landed.

###

As Bob stepped off of the plane he found Ann waiting for him at gate. He gave her a huge smile. Happy to see his huge grin, she smiled back.

"Annie!" he cried, hurrying over to her. Whispering, he continued, "Holy shit, you're wet_annie!" Dropping his computer bag and carry on, he placed his arms around her, gave her a hug, and started to kiss her.

Ann was shocked. While it was true that hey had often talked about what they would do to each other if they ever met, and passionately kissing was generally the first thing that they had said they would do, she hadn't realized that this was how he would respond. She was overjoyed, however, that this was the way he reacted. She wrapped her arms around his body and passionately returned his kiss.

After the kiss, Bob looked at her, still in shock. "Why didn't you tell me that you were wet_annie! I never even suspected."

"I almost did a number of times," she replied. "When I got wind that they needed someone to go on this trip, I thought that it would be the perfect time to reveal myself, with us being alone, away from the office. I figured that they would ask me to go, as I have the best sales numbers, and figured that I could convince them to send you, our top programmer. I was right. I hope that you don't mind me waiting to do it this way."

"You know what, you were right, this is perfect! And here I thought that you must have got the short end of the straw."

Ann bowed her head in shame. "About that, I'm so sorry. I should have spoken up. I should come to your defense. All of those horrible things those assholes put you through ..."

Bob gently place his hand under her chin and lifted her face to meet hers. "I'm glad you didn't. Look, no good would have come of it, and they would have put you through the ringer, too. When I looked back I realized that you had never so much given me a dirty look during the whole thing, and though I didn't notice it at the time, trust me, that means a lot. It's bad enough that the office has one 'pervert.' It doesn't need a second." He gave her a smile.

She thanked him for understanding, and gave him another hug. The hug very quickly turned into a long, passionate kiss. Eventually they became conscientious of the fact that people around them were either staring or becoming uncomfortable, so they grabbed their things are started started following the signs to the rental car agencies.

On their way to the rental car agencies they chatted, but made sure to keep the conversation PG. They were both too self conscious to toss words like "piss" and "golden showers" around in a crowded airport. As they approached the rental car counter Bob came to a realization. "It's too bad that they booked us separate rental cars," he said. It had been company policy for employees to share a rental car while on travel together, but they had made an exception in this case. The secretary, Eloise, in fact, made sure to point out in front of everyone that they had given Ann a separate rental car in order to protect her from him. This had infuriated Bob, as he had always treated the women at work well, but given all that had gone on he wasn't surprised by it.

"Oh, don't worry about that," Ann told him. "I canceled my car."

After they had rented the car, and started to drive away from the airport, Bob looked at Ann and joked, "So, did you cancel your hotel room too?"

Ann smiled back. "No, I thought that it would look a little too obvious. Besides, we might need all of the extra towels." She gave Bob a wink

Ann looked around at the night sky as Bob navigated the DC beltway and got an idea. The darkness gave her a perfect cover to spring another surprise on him. She leaned down towards him, unzipped his pants, pulled out his dick, and began to lick up and down his shaft.

It took all of Bob's concentration to keep from driving off of the road. Fortunately he was able to maintain some focus on his driving, while his cock enjoyed the attention it was receiving from Ann.

As she rubbed her tongue against the tip of his dick, then inserted it all in her mouth, he decided that this had to be the best blow job he ever had. He didn't know if it was because of the naughtiness of the situation, because of the connection he had made with Ann via their emails of the last few months, or because Ann simply had a very talented mouth and tongue. Whatever the reason he didn't wanted it to ever end as she hungrily tried to swallow his shaft.

While she had recently started posting pictures of herself pissing on the Internet, Ann still considered this blow job to be the most naughty and daring thing that she had done in her life. She enjoyed the thrill as she sucked on his cock as he drove down the road, and loved hearing his moans.

"Oh, god, Annie, I'm going to cum!" he exclaimed. Ann sucked harder, and was rewarded as his dick exploded in her mouth. She continued to suck until his dick was almost limp. With his dick still in her mouth Bob decided to give her another surprise, and released just a small spurt of piss.

Ann was confused at first when she felt the burst in her mouth, then realized what it was. She was excited; she hadn't tasted anyone's piss besides her own since she secretly drank from Lana's cup years ago. And this piss came from the man she had pined for, and now finally had. She wanted to savor it. She released Bob's dick from her mouth without spilling a drop. She swished it around in her mouth for several seconds, enjoying the salty taste, then swallowed.

Bob had never met a woman that he found as hot as Ann. The blow job that she had just given him was wonderful, spontaneous, and super sexy. And watching her swish his piss in her mouth and swallow it might have been sexier that anything he had ever seen. As they pulled into the hotel parking lot, he couldn't wait until after they checked in.

###

As they rode up the elevator to their rooms they could each tell that the other was getting desperate

. With the exception of the small spurt that Bob had released into Ann's mouth, neither one had peed after the flight. Knowing that the other had to piss really excited both of them. They had decided that Bob would drop off his luggage in his room, and then meet in Ann's room, which was just down the hall.

After depositing his things Bob went to her room to find the door left partially open. He entered and closed the door behind him. He was greeted by Ann, who was only wearing a bra and pair of white cotton panties

. She walked to him and gave him a kiss, then told him, "You'd better hurry and get into the bathroom. I really need a piss."

Bob quickly stripped off his clothes as he made his way to the bathtub. He knelt down inside it, and Ann stood right in front of him, still in her bra and panties

. Bob had seen her wet her panties numerous times in pictures and videos he had seen on PeeSearch, and now he was beyond excited that he was going to see it in real life. He watched as a small trickle of piss began to make a wet spot on her panties, and continued to watch as the wet spot grew larger, and the piss began to fall from her panties and run down her legs. It was the most beautiful thing that Bob had ever seen.

He clamped his mouth over her mound as she continued to piss, swallowing as much as he could. Bob had only ever tasted his own piss, and he reveled in the opportunity to taste Ann's. It might have been the excitement, or maybe his mind playing tricks on him, but he thought that Ann's somehow tasted sweeter than his, and less salty, though he only ever drank his own when he was well hydrated. He was disappointed when her stream came to an end, but continued to suck as much of her piss as he could out of her soaked panties.

Ann could not have been more turned on than she was by the site of Bob eagerly drinking her piss and sucking on her panties. If his eagerness had not given away how much he enjoyed drinking from her, his raging hard cock certainly would have. This despite the fact that he just cum in her mouth not long before, a fact which was not lost on Ann.

As soon as Bob decided that he wasn't going to be able to get any more piss out of Ann's panties he pulled them aside and started to lick her pussy. Her at first started to lick around her pussy lips and thighs, gathering whatever droplets of urine he could on his tongue, then aggressively attacked her clit. As he continued to eat her pussy, he felt Ann's hands on the back of his head, and then felt her grinding her pussy on his face.

It wasn't long until Ann's body began to shake, and she found herself in the throes of an explosive orgasms. She started to whimper, and had to place one hand behind her on the walls of the bathtub to keep from falling. As soon as her orgasm subsided, Bob stood up, held her tight, and began to kiss her.

Ann knew that she was tasting her juices on his lips and tongue as he kissed her, which made her feel even naughtier. Still, there was another taste that she was more eager to enjoy. "Hey, Bob, I only got a tiny taste earlier. I'm thirsty for more."

"Thank god!" he replied. "I have to piss like a race horse."

As she knelt before him she quipped "Well it's a good thing that you're hung like one."

Bob laughed. As she took his dick in her hand and anxiously awaited his piss, Bob had to pause and relax for a second. It was possible for him to piss while he was somewhat hard, but not when his dick was throbbing like it was now. As soon as he decided that he was relaxed enough he started to piss.

It had seemed like an eternity to Ann as she knelt, pointing the end of his dick at her open mouth, waiting for his piss. As she was about to ask him if he needed help to relax he started to pee It came out slowly at first, and she was able to drink down most of it. His stream gained in strength, however, and she was only able to drink a fraction of what came rushing out, the rest flowing down over her body.

While she definitely decided that she loved drinking his piss, she was keenly aware at how great it felt to have his piss cascading over her. Remembering the first golden shower pic that she had ever seen, the one on his phone months ago, she took his dick and aimed it at her tits.

Having his strong stream directly hit and soak her tits provided yet another sensation for her to enjoy. In seconds he thoroughly soaked her bra so that it became transparent, her hard nipples visible under the wet cloth.

As Bob's stream began to wane Ann aimed his dick back at her mouth, then place her lips around it as he forced out the last couple of spurts, making sure not to spill a drop. When he was finished it was her turn to stand up and kiss him.

Bob reached his hands under her ass cheeks and lifted her petite body up until her face was even with his, eagerly kissing her, tasting his piss on her tongue. He then lifted her up higher. Knowing what he wanted she undid the clasp to her bra, freeing her tits, which he eagerly licked before he started sucking on her nipples. While she was enjoying the attention her breasts were receiving, there was something she wanted much more.

"Fuck me, Bob! Fuck me hard!" she demanded.

Bob was only too happy to comply. He lowered down so that his dick was even with her pussy, then slowly slid it inside as her as he leaned her up against the wall of the bathtub. Conscious of her desire, he quickly picked up the pace, slamming his dick into her as hard, as deep, and as fast as he could.

As she was thrust up against the bathroom wall, her legs around his body, his cock pounding her pussy, she was moaning, "Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Oh god yes, fuck me!"

I didn't take long until her body started to shake again, and she was lost in another orgasm. Bob wanted to hold on, but couldn't, and he started to cum inside her pussy. After they had finished cumming, Bob still held her up as they kissed passionately, unconcerned about how sore his arms were becoming.

He had eventually let her down. They had closed the shower curtain and taken a shower, each doing their best to clean every nook and cranny of the other. Ann had ended up cumming for a third time. After drying off they decided to lay in the bed, kissing, fondling, and talking.

When they had needed to piss Ann had got up and grabbed two cups next to the coffee maker. They each pissed in a cup, and gave it to the other. While they were drinking Ann spoke. "Bob, when we get back, I'm letting everyone in the office know that we're a couple."

Bob look horrified. "Annie, no, don't do that! Have you seen the shit they put me through! If they found out that we're together you would become 'Mrs. Pervert.' I couldn't stand it if they treated you like that! Please, let's keep it a secret for now."

"Hey, I didn't stand up enough for you before, but now I don't give a fuck what those assholes say and think."

"I know, but still, despite the fact that they're assholes, it will make your life a living hell. Trust me. Let's find jobs somewhere else, where no one has ever heard of the incident with my phone. Then we can be Mr. And Mrs. Pervert together."

"Hmm, Mrs. Pervert. I like the sound of that," Ann replied, smiling at Bob. "Okay, if you insist. But let's try and get a new job fast. I don't want to hide any longer that I have to."

"Neither do I," said Bob. And they both returned to drinking from their cups.

