Fantasy - Laura's initiation, Mandy's memories

12th March 2011, 09:04 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

I will warn you, it's unedited. I wrote this in a daze. It started off from a fantasy this very morning, and I wrote it straight down, with minimal backoff, in the last 7 hours... my wrists are a bit shaffing... and I probably beat the record for keeping a hard-on

Disclaimer: this story is about naughty peeing, like peeing places one should not. There is no hot sex, no golden shower, no wetting and no swallowing... and only female characters.

Oh and it's rather long too, 17 chapters for about 70KB on my hard disk So if you're in a hurry, come back later, and if you're not, settle down comfortably.

******

1. The shock

It's was a beautiful Wednesday, sunny and warm, in early June. Laura decided that the opportunity was too good to pass up and gathered the girls, hers and her sister-in-law's, and led them to the neighbourhood pool. She relished Wednesdays, since being a mid-school teacher she had them off, and it was always a good opportunity to benefit of the pool without the week-end crowd.

As predicted, it was fairly deserted when they arrived, with only a couple women or men on the beaches and a few toddlers and kids in the pools. She led the two girls in the lady's changing room and helped them dressing themselves, making sure they did not wet their regular attire and coating them with sun-block. It was early in the season still, but the day was shiny and the girls complexion was fair so she did not wish to take any risk. Satisfied at last, she shooed the girls and they set off happily to the pool.

Sighing, she realized that she was really looking forward to a lazy afternoon and decided she would soak as much as possible to replenish her batteries. The pool was one of the rare place where she would let herself doze off during the day, and with the staff always vigilant she could do so without any guilt or worry.

She began undressing herself when a light tapper caught her ear. It sounded like someone had not shut off the tap of one of the sink, but seemed to be coming from the other side of the changing room instead of the direction of the pool, where the bathrooms were located.

Turning her head, her gaze wandered around the locker room, almost desert, to fall on the only other occupant, a woman in her late thirties to early forties who had come in while she was helping the girls. The woman was seating on a bench, almost in the nude, with her clothes neatly folded on the bench beside her, and was currently reaching behind her back to unhook her bra.

Looking closer, Laura spotted liquid tinkling from under the bench and tappering lightly on the ground, when a puddle was forming. She stiffled a gasp and her eyes went wide, her mind reeling with shock. She was di**usted, flushed, confused. She forced herself to breathe and continued to stare, unable to tear off her eyes off the scene that was playing in front of her.

The woman was now putting on her swimsuit top, a dark and very conventional affair, certainly less risque that what Laura was herself planning on wearing. The bottom layed on her folded clothes, and was certainly not risque either, it was sure to cover her butt fully... and yet the flow of her pee continued to fall on the floor through the bench slats, unabated.

Finally the small flow turned into trickle, the woman reached down between her legs with her right hand, and apparently shake off her lips. Laura was too far but she could perfectly imagine a few late dropplets falling off after their predecessor for furnish the already significant puddle underneat. The woman reached for her swimsuit, then raised one leg after another to put it on. She then stood up and raised it to her hips, covering her womanhood from sight, only allowing Laura a quick peek at her trimmed bush.

Realizing the woman would head her way, Laura quickly averted her eyes and set about undressing herself quickly. She was putting on her own bikini before she dared have another look at the woman. She was casually applying her sun-block, or perhaps was it tan oil. Laura did the same and watched as the woman put her attire in a locker then headed to the pool. They saluted each other when the woman passed, and Laura felt herself blushing.

Her heart had still not settled down when she herself emerged from the locker room. Her brain was still processing the sight of a middle-aged, apparently well-mannered, woman in her forties peeing casually through the bench slats for the world to see...

2. Thinking

Thursday and Friday were exhausting for Laura, whenever she went to the toilet, either for herself or watching over the kids in her class, whenever she heard water rushing in a sink, whenever she saw sprinklers in action, her mind would take her back to the locker room. She would find herself once more looking at this perverted lady pissing to her heart content over the floor of the room.

Laura was grossed out. She had always been raised conservatively and one did not flaunt her bathroom activities to the world. Kids had accidents sometimes, but those were rare and could not be helped. It had been years since her daugther and cousin had themselves peed on a floor, and that had been in a toilet, because the stalls were blocked and the girls could not hold on any longer. But this... this was di**usting, completely uncalled for. The woman had not even looked like she was bursting, but instead she had let go calmly, covering her activities by the lack of sound and the pursuit of a regular routine.

Laura was angered toward her neighbour. It was wrong of her. Imagine the kids had seen her ? How would you explain to them that this woman was a skank, and that her respectable appearance was a decoy for a lazy and sluggish mind! And to think that the woman was probably a mother herself! She could only imagine her coming into the locker room with her children, probably in high school now, and having them squat wherever! It was outrageous! A violation of everything Laura held right!

It was Saturday morning, a beautiful morning, with the sun already high in the sky, and Laura sigh. Her mind had been going in circles replaying this event over and over. She told herself it was a measure of her di**ust and angst, but yet something else was nagging her, at the back of her mind. Something she would not admit.

3. Jealousy, Freedom

Finally, after four other nerve-wracking days, Wednesday came back. Her husbands, her colleagues, her students at school, her daughter, everyone had been tiptoeing around her for the last days. After a week she was still haunted by this, but it was only yesterday that she had admitted the truth to herself. Her mind was still processing the consequences of it. She was jealous. Jealous of this woman's freedom.

It was with butterflies fluttering in her stomach that Laura took the girls to the pool this time. Like a week before there was not much people, only a few stay-at-home parents and some who had taken the day to be with their kids. The tension built up in Laura as she approached the locker room. Her bowels were tied in knots and her throat was constricted.

She followed the girls through the door, walked in the almost deserted room and nodeed her head toward Marcy, a young mother in her late twenties, who smiled at her in respond. Her toddler was sitting on the bench playing with a big plastic car. She smiled thinly as her eyes were roaming the room. The girls undressed and she pretended to watch that they did not dirty their clothes as she prepared the sun-block.

The locker room was typical. A big rectangle with benches and lockers alternating along the walls. And Laura was looking for clues, anything that could assess that someone had misbehaved. There were a few puddles here and there but nothing large enough... or was it ? Between a bench and a locker was a puddle a little bigger than others. And given its shape it was probably extending a bit more under the locker too. And was it wetness on the locker side ? And on the wall ? Could a mother had let her boy relieve himself in this corner ? It was secluded enough, but with the toilets not a hundred meters away... well one would have to dress up but still...

Laura was startled when her daughter stepped in front of her, and she applied sun-block on both girls before letting them run but her mind was elsewhere. The girls left and she remarked she was now alone in the room. She could not help it, her attention returned to the suspicious puddle and before she knew it she was standing right before it. Sure enough the locker side and the wall were wet... and then she realized the wetness started too high for a young boy, unless he had been aiming up... but surely only a boy could have ?

Perturbed Laura backed up to her own affairs, and proceeded to disrobe. She was still a bit dazed though, because she did not follow up her usual routine of swapping first the top and then the bottom. Instead she ended up completely nude in the locker room. And she was still alone.

Butterflies danced wildly in her stomach as she took a few steps back from the bench.

She was a mother! She was a teacher! A model for the new generation!

She slowly squatted down, setting her but on her heels and spreading her tighs. Her mind was blank, her heart beating in a frenzy.

Her gaze fell downward, she took in the white tiles, her splayed knees, her trimmed crotch, her delicate womanhood.

She gulped.

She felt her bladder relax and contracted violently. Her body was all wound up, like a spring coiled up.

Her nether lips fluttered a bit as a small squirt jetted and impacted the tiles below.

She contracted once more. Her breathing ragged. She forced herself to relax...

Her lips opened up a bit, and a small trickle escaped, splaying on the tiles.

She forced her breath out, closed her eyes, and pushed on her bladder. She felt her lips opened and she felt the spray forcing its way out.

Opening her eyes, she watched mesmerized as a wild spray escaped the confines of her body and splashed forcefully on the tiles below. The patter was deafening. The spray completely unkept was spreading in a fan-like shape. The puddle was growing quickly and moving forward pushed by the continuous downpour.

Laura was ecstactic, it was so liberating, so wicked! She felt her nipples harden so much it was almost painful.

From her beautiful pussy, lips wide spreads, her golden urine was cascading out to the floor. Her vagina was slowly getting wet, and her clitoris was growing a bit and peeking out its hood to witness the erotic show.

Finally Laura reached the end of her puddle, and the flow slowed down to a trickle as her pee suddenly hissed. She pushed a few jets out, then remembering the woman action she reached with her right hand, put a finger on each side and shaked her pussy a bit to let the last drips fall to the floor.

She stood up on wobbly legs and went to sit down on the bench nearby. Her hand went back to her pussy, and it took a single flick on her clit for the world to come crashing down on her.

Slowly Laura's mind cleared. She opened herself and took conscience of being slumped against the wall. She sat herself properly and took in her surroundings. Her breathing and heart rate were returning to normal. It suddenly downed on her that it was the best orgasm she had had in years and she had barely touched herself!

She glanced to the spot of her mischief and her eyes widen suddenly. The puddle was massive, and unmistakable in the middle of the room. It was still slowly meandering between the tiles, keeping on expanding.

The fear of being discovered shook of the last dredges of daze and Laura quickly stashed her affairs in the locker nearby then fled the scene of her toilet, suddenly shaking from all her soul.

4. Ashamed

The afternoon passed quickly and to Laura's relief no-one came after her. Finally came the time to get back, and she gathered up the girls who immediately, for once, followed her. They rinsed quickly in the showers poolside as did she, and the three of them set for the locker room. Her heart was flutterring and she could not help but let a few little spurts escape in her swimsuit.

Her breathing stopped when she entered back into the locker room, she could not force her eyes away from the spot, and was shocked to constat that the puddle was still there. She could not help but wonder if anyone could mistake it for anything else that what it truly was; a good size puddle of pee laid in the middle of the room. Her cheeks flushed with embarassment, but the two other women were chatting between themselves and paying no attention to her.

The girls went to their locker, a scant feet away from the puddle, and began undressing. They were all dripping water everywhere. As she was undressing Laura's eyes wandered once again around the room. There were several other puddles, but this late it was to be expected... what she did not expect though was that in her eyes she would picture women and daughters alike in the process of making.

She shook her head startled by the turn of her mind and scolded herself. It had been amazing, so naughty and so wicked, but it was over and now she had to take care of the girls. She would deal with that later, loathing the woman under her breath for it was all her fault.

Her naked niece drew her attention, and fidgeting approached her. The girl was obviously about to pee herself. Laura asked her if she was right and she shook her head: "I need to pee!", she hissed. "But why didn't you go in the toilets ?", asked Laura. "There were toddlers playing around", answered her niece, "I didn't want them looking below the door!"

Laura smirked quietly. It was true that toddlers would sometimes peek under the toilet's door, and she had heard more than a shriek from both women, girls and boys when that happened. She herself had never been caught so, but then she avoided the open toilets as much she could.

Turning her attention back to her niece, she told her she would have to wait for the bathroom at her house then, and the girl cringed a bit. Laura suddenly understood while she had not opposed any resistance to be coming back. Still what could she do ? The toilets were on the other side of the pool, and it did not seem like her niece had the time to dress up and get back there.

Her eyes were suddenly drawn to her puddle, then to the wet locker she had witnessed, which had dried. Inspiration came, and she acted on it before she lost her nerve. A quick glance at the other two women confirmed that they were still engrossed in their conversation, and a few meters away. "Quick, get between the locker and the bench, and go quietly". Her niece got into the corner then turned to her for instructions. She hissed: "Squat down, and do your peepee".

Surveying the girl relieving herself, and casting quick glances in the direction of the women and the pool entrance, she could not believe what she was allowing. The sound was unequivocal but still the two women made no sign that they had heard anything and Laura prayed that they did not realize what was going on. Fortunately her niece finished quickly, shook her bum and got out of the recess, her relief evident on her face. Laura breathed slowly...

... and her daughter ask softly: "Mum, can I go too ?" Laura's heart sank. One was daring, but two ? She looked at her daugther and was about to say no, when she realized it would be unfair on the girl to refuse her after allowing her cousin. Still Laura had always prided herself about the good education she gave to her daughter... Her daughter was evidently struggling though, and Laura took pity on the girl "Go like Ann, be quiet" she whispered.

Once again her bowels were tied in knots as her daughter straddled her cousin's puddle and proceeded to add to it. The two women were leaving, and Laura was mentally ousting them out, lest they discovered what had been going on, and was still!

So engrossed was she in kicking them out the locker room, that she startled a bit when a movement caught her eye. An older woman, in her fifties or sixties, was passing with a little boy of about three "Granny, the girl is doing pee pee!". Her daughter stood up quickly, embarrassed of having been caught, and by a boy at that. The grandmother pulled firmly on his hand and steered him away. Laura met her eyes, and a chill went through her spine at the self-righteous anger she met.

She ushered the girls to get dressed, and the three of them left quickly. Even though she didn't look, she could feel the eyes of the grandmother burning holes through her back as she exited.

5. Reassurance

The next two days were hard for Laura as she kept replaying the three scenes of the locker room: the woman and her casual wickedness, her own naughtiness and the earth-shaterring orgasm, and the shame of having drawn the girls in that and of having been caught by the grandmother. All of this was very new for her and her strict upbearing had certainly not prepared her for anything like this.

By Saturday, thankfully, she had somewhat made peace with herself.

If a woman older than her could have her pee in the locker, then there was no reason Laura could not. Plus she had always heard stories about the girls in the volleyball team or the girls in the swimming team and how they would misbehave in the lockers, but she had always been too shy, and had politely shook her head. Well, it had been a sweet revenge for her past demure attitude. It had been a one time thing, to take revenge on all these girls who had been wild when was tamed. Surely a single puddle in the locker room would do harm!

As for the girls, well that grandmother's toddler was probably one of the one that had kept them for going to the toilets, so it was that damned woman fault if she had no choice. She could not let the girls wet themselves on the way back! She vowed that next time she would make sure the girls got to the toilets before getting back, and would shoe the toddlers away if necessary.

Yes, she was definitely feeling better. It had been a weird Wednesday, but she was over it. And today she was meeting Mandy, her sister in law, for a shopping spree that was sure to lift her spirit. It was not as much the shopping itself, nor the crowed they were sure to meet at this period, no it was the freedom of letting their respective husband in charge and take some times for themselves. Plus Mandy was as petulant and buoyant as she was reserved, so she was sure to have a good day.

Mandy picked up Laura early, and once she had settled in the passenger seat, they drove off. Mandy was smirking for a good two minutes, and then, not being able of containing herself, she exclaimed "So Ann told me you had her make her peepee by a locker ?". Laura gasped and blushed profusely. She turned to her sister in law, stunned, her mouth opening and closing, blabbering "Ah.. We.. I.. ".

Mandy laughed heartedly at her predicament. She had a wild spark in her eye, and decided to tease her shy in-law a bit more "I would not have expected that of you, Laura, imagine if she picks up the habit!".

Laura was crestfallen. If she had thought herself over it, well it was a true demonstration she had not been. All her carefully elaborated excuses and justifications shattered under the playful look of her sister-in-law. She was so embarrassed she could not speak.

Realizing her embarassment, Mandy suddenly took pity on her "Oh Laura, I was teasing! I swear you're the most naive girl I've ever met!" Laura did not bulge. "Laura, come on, I've let the girls pee in the locker room a couple of times already." Laura perked up a bit, and managed "Have you ? Really ?". "Of course I have!" continued Mandy, hoping to alleviate her worries "I don't make a habit of it, mind, but sometimes there's little alternative you know." Laura breathed a bit "I didn't what to do Mandy, the girls were truly bursting and they were already naked."

"Don't worry, all mothers have had too at one point or another I'm sure." Laura smiled timidly.

They skipped the smaller malls of the town, and drove to the nearby city for the largest mall that was there. After a few minutes, Mandy resumed the conversation, speaking about all she planned to see and hoped to find. Laura soon joined in, forgetting her ill-advised actions. They arrived early as well, and Laura patted herself on the back for having insisted they did, since it was already difficult for them to park. They immediately launched themselves into the fray.

6. Naughty

They made a good start in the morning, and by the time lunch came around, grabbed themselves a sandwich and soda. They had already bought a couple of articles each, light skirts for the summer to come, a pair of sandals for Mandy and Laura was having second thoughts about not buying a nice purse. But it was a bit too expensive really.

Having replenish their energy, they made a detour by the toilets, but soon backed up as the line was huge. They decided it was because it was lunch time, and everyone was making a pause, and so set forth to take advantage of the diversion. They visited yet another shoe store, modelled a bit for each others in a lingerie store trying to decide if their husband would appreciate the risque underwears. They then decided to treat themselves to a bikini instead, Mandy reasoning that they were more profitable. Not really cheaper, but, as she said, at least it benefitted more men.

Laura trudged on good naturly, still laughing at the comment of her sister-in-law. She considered her own bikini risque enough, and indeed blushed when she remembered that she had bought it in this very shop the year before following the very advices of Mandy. In fact, she had barely worn it since.

Mandy obviously set off for the skimpier outfits she could find, she would sometimes toss one to Laura, who would immediately blush and replace it on the rack. "What do you think of this one ?" She was holding an orange bikini to her chest. Two littles triangles, barely enough to cover a nipples, and strings. Laura's mouth gaped. "Ah yes, thought so too, I don't think I have the figure to wear that any longer."

Laura giggled. Her sister-in-law was extremely attractive, and in fact the few men they had encountered during the morning had invariably gawked at her wherever they went. Laura had always been a bit jealous. It was not that she was unattractive, but Mandy was so more outgoing and engaging... She decided to let her jealousy rose a bit and replied "Oh come on Mandy, you're gorgeous, why don't you try it rather than rejecting it outright ?"

It was Mandy's turn to be surprised, and she smirked, "You're right, let's try it, and we'll see who it suits best!" Laura's heart skipped. She could not imagine wearing so little. Mandy eyes were sparkling and she steered her toward the changing rooms.

They took their turn in line, each holding onto a few bikinis to try. They chatted a bit and Mandy could not help but tease Laura and said to her how good she would look in the orange bikini, and that she was sure her husband would jump on her the moment he saw her wrapped in that. Laura finally snapped, looked at Mandy in the eyes: "Okay, we try it both and the one of it suits best wear it the next time we go to the beach together" Mandy smiled wide at that, "Oh that's a deal!" promising herself she would do everything she could not to wear it.

Their turn finally came, and they got into the stall together. They quickly shook their clothes off and proceeded to test their spoils. Laura was becoming a bit agitated trying them out. It was a bit chilly being butt-naked in the changing stall and it reminded her sharply that she had not been to the toilets for a while. Still, brave soldier, she shouldered on. She finally picked a dark blue bikini that really complimented her eyes. Even Mandy remarked how good it suited her.

She then sat down a bit and let Mandy try more of the bikinis. She was looking good in all of them, but really sparked any interest. "Seems like I am out of luck", she finally said, "you found yourself a gorgeous suit and I cannot for the life of me find even a moderately good looking one." Laura rolled her eyes at this and Mandy laughed. She stopped quickly though and bit her lip. "Why don't you try the orange one then Laura ? Since it's your lucky day!"

Laura blushed. Still while Mandy sat down on the bench she removed her blue bikini and stood in her birthday suit before Mandy who handed her the top. Which you could recognize because it had two tiny triangles instead of one for the bottom. Being naked was having an adverse effect on her bladder though, and as a thought of the locker room crossed her mind she quickly shook off and put the top on. It took some effort to correctly tie the strings so the triangles would cover her nipples and the rubbing of the material was making them a bit harder. With the help of Mandy she managed though, and then picked up the bottom. She hid a smirk looking at the so tiny triangle and put it on, then posed for Mandy.

Mandy covered her mouth with her hand, stiffling a laugh, "Hum, I guess you'll need to shave like me if you wish to wear it honey". Laura let her laugh a bit, then stared at her in the eyes, smirked widely, then enunciated clearly "Could it be that it doesn't suit me ?" Mandy startled at her in-law confidence, and then her smile fade when she realized it "Laura! You knew all along your pubes would poke around!" Laura laughed frankly, her hands coming to her eyes to wipe off the tears while Mandy shook off her head "You're wicker than I thought!"

Laura stopped suddenly though, biting her lip, and a hand shooting down to hold her crotch. She held on for her life and it passed away. She looked up and so Mandy was well aware of her predicament "Well, let me try it at least, then we'd better hurry to the bathroom, my eyeballs are floating too!" Laura quickly untied the bottom then another wave came upon her and she sat with her hand between her legs.

Mandy had put the bottom on, making sure that her lips were covered by the tiny triangle. It was a stretch, and looked as much a cameltoe as a proper bikini, but at least, having shaved her crotch, she was completely covered. She took the top from Laura, careful no to untie all the strings, then put it on and tried to adjust it. The little triangle was snug around her crotch and digging a bit into her crevice, reminding her sharply that she definitely needed to go to the toilet. Biting her lower lip, she drew her legs together and concentrated on arranging the top so it would cover her nipples. She was a little less well endowed that her in-law and turned to Laura "Could you help me tighten up the top ?"

Laura was not moving. She was naked on the bench, both hands shoved between her crossed legs, her lower lip entirely drawn in her mouth. "Laura, are you alright" Mandy whispered. "I'm bursting..." then blushing and near frantic "I think I let a spurt out on the bench!" Mandy crossed her legs too, that was one reminder she had clearly not needed, and that damned bikini was tickling the right spot!

"Laura, remember when I said that we all had let the girls peepee in the locker room ... ?" Laura nodded absentedly, her brain was working full throttle to try and wiggle out of her current predicament and the girls actions last Wednesday were the last of her worries. Until she made the connection.

She looked up sharply at Mandy who was gauging her trying to see how her straight-laced in-law would react.

Laura's reaction was more than Mandy could have hoped for. In a single stride she was in the corner by the bench, her back to the back wall of the stall, and lowering herself on the discarded clothes. Mandy mirrored her actions and squatted down sharply in the other back corner, moving the narrow strip of clothing to the side.

Oblivious to her surroundings, Laura relaxed the hold on her painful bladder and let rip. Immediately her flaps were pushed open by a forceful gush. She bit back a moan, eyes fully shut, as the pain in her bladder receeded. Her pussy was gaping open, a thick spray of golden urine hurling itself from the folds of her nether lips and launching itself heartily on the clothes beneath her, soaking skirts, swimsuits and shirts with a wild abandon.

Besides her Mandy had also lost track of everything but the burning ache in her bladder. Eyes shut, mouth agape, her top unadjusted still, her bottom tucked on the side of her pussy, her golden urine hissed sharply as the jet escaped the innards of her pussy and came down pattering on the carpet. Her shaved pussy opposed no resistance, and neither did her engorged lips, so the jet was clear and fell straight. The carped absorbed it first, but it came too fast and the puddle was spreading quickly, the pee glistenning on top and foam forming at the point of impact.

Slowly, both women opened their eyes, they looked down at themselves, their pussy soaking either clothes or floor. Mandy was grinning, Laura was both embarassed and hot. Their look went sideway, each admiring the other's job in progress, and then went up. Still peeing for all they were worth, their eyes met. Laura blushed a very deep shade of red. Mandy grinned wider and let a small moan escape.

Laura's gush was winding down, and she gazed back at her pussy to watch the receeding spray wound its path back to her pussy among the soaked clothes. She could not help but be proud of herself for soaking them so much. It turned to a trickle, and she machinally shake her pussy with her hand. She went into a hovering position, shook her bum, then stood up and turned toward Mandy.

Mandy was still peeing full throttle. Laura watched wide eyed at the gigantic puddle on the carped, and the gaping pussy of her friend, spread to the side as she was holding the bikini bottom out of the way. Tearing her gaze from her sister-in-law nether regions she found Mandy looking at her smiling, obviously at ease with her deeds. This drove down the wrongness of their act, and Laura's guilt swelled up. And still her eyes returned to her sister-in-law pussy as it stopped hissing and the clear jet abated a bit.

Mandy jumped up, and looking straight in Laura's eyes, she backed against the side partition and let two quick spurts fall against it. Laura's eyes bulged and she gasped, "Mandy !!!" she hissed. Mandy playfully took an innocent look, picked up one of the bikini she had had doubts about from the bench, then wiped herself and threw it over her own puddle.

Both women took in the gigantic puddle they had left. Mandy could not help but exclaimed "Wow!", then remarking that her puddle could well be extending in the neighbour stall, she hissed "We'd best get out of here quick!". They hurriedly redressed themselves, and got out of the stall. They quickly cashed in the two bikinis and then briskly walked toward the other side of the mall.

Laura was still reeling over her recent acts. She was horny. She was di**usted over herself. She was hot. She felt guilty. Her pussy was a swamp and her hard nipples were brushing uncomfortably against the strained material of her bra. She steered her sister-in-law toward a cafeteria and secured a table. They each got a tea. Finally relaxing, she looked at Mandy, who was smiling like a Cheschire Cat. "Wow, it sure brings back memories!"

7. Memories

"Memories ?" could not help Laura. "When I was young and wild." To Laura, Mandy was the epitome of wilderness, she had a very hard time imagining a wilder Mandy. "Memories ?" she asked once more. "Oh come on, don't tell me it's the first you tinkle in a changing stall ?" Laura blushed profusely and cast sideway glances to make sure nobody had heard this remark. Mandy pressed her point "When a teenager ?" Laura shook her head.

"Oh, I forgot you were a country girl."

"I suppose you peed in bushes then ?" Laura nodded. "Ah yes, sometimes, not often though, the guys were always trying to steal a peek." Laura's mind was still processing the implication of the earlier remark... "Did you ?"

"Well, unlike you sweet heart, I am a townie." Then seeing that Laura was not catching up. "There are no bushes here, or so little it makes no difference, and they are always clogged with litter anyway. So we townies learn from a young age how to fend for ourselves", explained Mandy.

"Oh, I had never thought about it. Still it's naughty! What would have your mother said ?" asked Laura, feeling exciting by the revelations of her sister-in-law. "Who do you imagine showed me the ropes ?", laughed Mandy.

Laura stared wide-eyed at her friend. She could not, for the life of her, imagine a mother showing her daughter how to pee in changing stall and... well other places... and then she thought back at the girls and the locker room, and blushed.

"Sometimes you really are naive", added Mandy, "In towns, it's difficult for a girl to relieve herself you know. There are few toilets, and when there are... you'd better stay clear of them, most of the times. Anyway my mother had grow up as a townie too, so she made well sure that my brother and I would know how to proceed without raising a fuss."

Emboldened by her horny state, Laura pushed "Still, I can understand sneaking in an alley or between cars in a parking lot, even I had to do it a couple times, but it's washed by the rain. In a changing room it's..."

"Oh, yes, I guess I understand your point of view, my mum was practical though. When you gotta go you gotta go... and you've seen how long the lines can get, try explaining a kid it should hold on for a good twenty minutes when it's already busting", Mandy stated matter of factly, "Mum taught her how to deal with this little problem whether in town, at the gym, in shops or at the cinema."

"In a cinema ???" Laura felt she was riding a roller coaster. Everytime she thought it was over, it would soar even higher and faster. Her mind was overwhelmed.

Mandy laughed softly.

"My mother was always proper, she'd never left us do anything inappropriate like that", stated Laura, with the clear confidence of old facts. She felt Mandy tensed up, and realized she had hurt her. "Oh excuse me! I didn't want to imply that... it's just... well I am clearly guilty of it too so..." Faced by her friend embarassment, Mandy eased up. "I understand, it's clearly different from what you were told. Mum was more concerned about our comfort that propriety, see. And she was also concerned about the cops. So in her mind it was better to teach us about being sneaky so we could take care of ourselves when growing up, that to teach her about being proper, and let us embarass ourselves."

It made sense, in a way, and Laura slowly digested the information. Seeking to reassure Mandy, she let in "Well, it was my first time in a changing stall, but I already did it in the locker room..."

Mandy smiled broadly, "Oh you got to tell me about this!", then seeing Laura's blush, she added, "Okay, well, I'll go first, and then it'll be your turn, how is this ?"

And while Laura was sipping on her tea quietly, wondering where she was going but enjoying the ride so far, Mandy began to tell a story.

8. Cinema

"So you want to hear about the cinema uh ?", she teased, "well, there was an old cinema in our neighbourhood. It was crumbling down a bit, and had seen better days for sure, but it was cheap too, so it made up for it. It was an old theater complex though, with a main room and a gallery, and the toilets had been built underground. We often went to the gallery, you see, because for kids the front row of the gallery was the best since you did not have to crane your neck upwards and were not bothered by the rows in front of you either. The only catch was that the toilets were really far. I guess it was not important when they built it, since there are always several acts in a theater play, but with movies there was not..."

"So...", Mandy paused, sipped a bit of her tea watching Laura, pleased that her in-law was completely entranced by her story, "There was rarely anyone in the gallery for the kids' movies you see, because it was normally crowded by teenagers and youngs, and they had really worn it down, and for the kids it was too far from the bathroom, despite being the best vantage spot."

"But my mum had a good friend with a son a few older than Mark, she never recounted how it happened, but she followed in the steps of her friend... and when my brother needed to pee, my mum followed on after her neighbour's behavior and sent him to pee in the emergency exit."

"It was not really proper, but then the emergency exit was clearly used for that by more than a few children, remember the teens I was speaking about ? Anyway it was a neat trick as my brother or his friend did not missed much of the film and it saved the long trip to the downstairs toilets which were always dirty anyway."

"When I began going to the cinema too, the practice was long established. My mum first attempted to take me to the emergency exit too, but when she realized how worn down and smelly it was, she called over to her friend. Neither had realized the state of it, and both become reluctant to send their children there, it was that gross."

"Anyway, my mum decided she'd let me piddle elsewhere, and had me squat in front of the seat near the emergency exit, but though I can't remember it, she swear I would keep getting up to have a look at the screen. Exasperated she had me squat over a seat, so that I could watch the film..."

Laura stared wide-eyed "Oh my god! I can't believe she'd let you..." Mandy smirked, sipped her tea, "as I said, it was really worn down, the seats cover was either stained or slashed anyway, but yup, my first peepee in a cinema was on a seat... and I never missed a moment of a film! My brother was so jealous too! But my mum reassured him and told him he could go peepee on the wall below the railing, so that he could watch the film while going. He did messed up his pants or shoes a bit when he didn't pay enough attention."

Laura gulped, "It wasn't the only time ?" Mandy giggled, "Well, once the habit was taken... but you haven't ever heard the best of it yet!"

9. The last projection

Mandy sipped her tea, Laura was hanging at her every word, she considered delaying it a bit further, but then she was pretty excited about it too, and oh so pleased by Laura's reaction so far.

"When I was a bit older, in my teens I guess, I was still going to the cinema. Most of the times were going to a better cinema though, because it had really become gross, but once in a while we would get there, either when I was going without my mum, since it was the closest, or when there was a film we really wanted to see and it was the only place it run."

"Anyway, when they announced it was going to close, I was a bit peeved. I really loved going to the cinema with my friends, we would be wicked there, unsupervised, but then even with my mum, whenever there was not too much people around, she'd allow us to relieve ourselves in whatever manner we wanted, as long as we were discreet about it. It was a real place of freedom for us, even though some pee seats had become really stained, and the few last rows of the main rooms had got smelly too."

"I asked my mum to go one last time before it closed, and her neighbour friend came too, with her daughter, a friend of mine. I think my mum had a pretty good idea of why I so wanted to go there, but the movie was supposed to be good and she agreed. My brother and his friend were in highschool then and they had other projects than hanging with their moms."

Laura had let her tea go cold and had not utter a word nor moved a bit for the last minutes. Mandy felt herself becoming giddy as she was about to let her in-law in a secret of her past.

10. First act

"We went to the gallery, for old times' sake. Since there was only the four of us up in the gallery, we took the central seats of the first row, and settled ourselves... with out giant sodas. I had not though about it back then, my friend and I were really please we got to convince our mothers to buy us giant sodas, as we were always told that was too much, but we bought four of us, and the clerk girl smiled warmly at us as my mum left her the money as a tip. I still remember her, she was really pretty, even though her work clothes were unflattering to say the least."

"So we were in the gallery, front row, and we settled with our giant sodas. I was seating in the middle, my mum on the left, my friend on the right, and my mother's friend was on mum's left so that they could speak together. The film had barely started that I was already ready to burst. So I took my little girl voice and told mum I had to go peepee. She knew full well that's the reason I had wanted to come here, and rolled her eyes, and I loved her very much for indulging me."

"But I didn't plan to go find a pee seat, I wanted it to be special, so I handed the soda to my mum, and then looking at her quizzing expression, I grabbed my panties and lowered them right there. I was looking for a word on her part, but she didn't say anything, just looked at me, so I sat down on the edge of my seat, parted my legs, and let my pee fall off the ground grinning like crazy."

"Our neighbour gasped when she saw me, then she matched my grin. I peed for a good moment, then put my panties back, sat back in my seat and resumed sipping my soda, still grinning. I heard my mother and her friend speak, but I was in a daze of my own and I don't know what they were speaking about. Emboldened by my deed, our neighbour's daughter gave me her own soda in keep, and then she squatted right in front of her seat and peed right there, under the watchful eye of both our mothers. We then resumed watching the film."

Laura was mesmerized, and Mandy felt very hot, yet the best was to come.

11. Second act

"After about half an hour, perhaps a bit more, I had drank the rest of my soda, and I was feeling my bladder. I was still abuzz from my earlier deed, and I wanted to top it off. I was very thrilled about the prospect of doing it in front of my mother for some reason, I was definitely old enough to know it was wrong, and having my mother watching me approvingly was really thrilling."

"This time, I put my empty cup on the floor and stood up. Mum was looking at me, clearly surprised I did not pee from the edge of the seat once more. I stripped off my panties and handed them to her. She had that quizzing expressing in her eyes once again. I approached the railing and stood there with feet parted, hiking up my skirt up to the bottom of my bum... and let rip."

"I was looking straight ahead, and peed, and peed, feeling three pairs of eyes on my back, well and a fourth too, but we are not there yet. I slowly looked back, and looked at my mum, she was giggling behind her hand. I finished, shook my bum walked back, put my panties back and sat down."

"Once again my neighbour's daughter took courage from my action. She had also emptied her soda. She stood up, empty cup in hand, and took a step forward. She then put the cup on the ground, removed her panties and tossed them on the seat she had occupied, then turning toward us, her back to the movie she squatted down over the cup. She was lucky the movie was loud, because I could hear her stream pattering against the cup carton side! Anyway she emptied herself in the cup, then got back, put her panties and sat down. Her half-full cup forlorn in the center of the passage."

Mandy raised an eyebrow as she realized one of Laura's hand had disappeared under the table. She then grinned and brought her own hand to her crotch, lightly tickling herself from the outside.

12. Third act

"By the end of the film, I could sense my mum fidgeting, and I was myself getting a full bladder as well. This time the neighbour's daughter went ahead of me. She stood up, removed her panties and let them on her seat, then resumed her squatting position over her half-full cup and proceeded to top it off. And top it off she did, it even started to trickle on the carpet once it was full. Smiling she stood up, then looked up at her mother, who was also smiling. I found this a little boring and I was looking for a better way to do my last pee here... she then brought her right foot to the cup, put her heel on the floor and the toes of her shoes against the side of the cup. And then, still smiling at us, I watched as she applied more pressure with her toes until the cup capsized and its contents splashed and rolled on the carpet! Boy was that wick!"

"It didn't arrange my situation though, if anything else it put more pressure on me, as I really had to top this off now. And I finally found what I wanted to do. I waited until the end of the film. My mum and the neighbour stood up, followed by her daughter. I stood up too. My mum made a comment like it was over now, and we could go home. She was fidgetting and I suddenly got the idea that she would really like for us to get out and leave her behind, but it was time to implement my plan. I took my little voice once again and announced I had to go peepee. She didn't seem surprised, in fact I think she had been wondering why I had not followed after my friend. She nodded and I proceeded to remove my panties

. Then, making sure they were all looking at me, I clambered on the seat I had occupied... Everyone seated on the center seats, as they offered the best vantage you see, so the pee seats were normally either the worn down ones, or those on the sides or the back. My mum eyes went wide, when she realized what I was about to do. Even by our standards this was taboo!"

"I stood, a foot on each arms of the seat, and plunked my bum on the top of the back. I then lifted my skirt out of harm's way, grinned at my mum, her friend and mine... and peed. From the top of the seat. It fell down on the seat proper, and since the upholstery was so worn down it didn't absorb much, so quickly a puddle formed and my pee was falling dead in it and splashing around. When I had made a good puddle I stopped. I think they all thought I was done. But instead of jumping down, I just skided to the side, took position over my mum's seat, lifted my skirt... and proceeded to make a puddle on this one too! My mum exploded in laughter and you can't believe how proud of myself I felt!"

Mandi stopped as before her very eyes Laura closed hers and stiffened. Here, in the middle of the food's court, her in-law had had an orgasm listenning to one of her, many, naughty memories. She herself frigged herself a bit more, but she was not done yet.

The best was to come.

13. Final act ?

Laura's orgasm subsided and she took in her surroundings, blushing a deep red. Fortunately it seems no one had remarked her antics. No one except her sister-in-law of course, whose hand movement was very obvious. "You were a devious little thing! I can't believe you'd that! And I can't believe your mother would let you, and with a friend of her watching too at that!" Mandy smiled briefly, "Well, you're right, she didn't let me do that."

Laura arched an eyebrow, had she been played for fool ? Mandy grinned, "at least not by myself..."

"What do you mean ?" asked Laura. "Well, she had drunk a giant soda too, remember!" Laura's eyes widened, her mind reeling of the possibility. "Buckle your seat Laura, it's time for act two!" quipped Mandy.

"'Mandy you're wicked!' said my mum. But she was looking so proud of me I know she was complimenting me. 'I don't suppose we'd be influencing them', said her friend. They both looked below, the last of the guests had left, oblivious to the activities upstairs. 'Ten years of watching you girls, time to settle the score!' announced my mum."

"And as I watched, she unbuckled her jeans, then proceeded to remove them completely. Her panties followed suit, and I watched mesmerized as my own mother stood, nude from the waist below, in the middle of the little lit gallery. She was grinning like crazy. For the first time I looked at her really, noticing her trimmed crotch. She walked to the neighbour's former seat, then turn her back to the seat, put her hands on her knees, arms half-bent as she was high-hovering over the seat."

"Her pee was amazing. I had seen her pee a few times, in alleys or between cars, but she had always been very proper about it, even though she allowed us kids to go as we wished. She exposed as little of herself as she could, and took great care to hide her activities. But here she was, naked from the waist down! The back of the seat for all cover! And did she pee!"

"I mean, she must have had an iron bladder, for she had drunk the whole giant soda too. What I had done in three pees she did in one. She soaked the seat very consciously, and when the pee began dribbling to the floor, she bent forward more. Her stream went back on the seat as her bum rised, and then began to patter on the back of the seat! I swear she moaned a bit and was she grinning. Finally she eased up. And I thought she was finished. But instead she turned toward the neighbour, her bum toward my friend and I, and she mooned us! And not only that, but she resumed her high-hovering in the center of the passage and peed on the floor."

"When she was finally done, she eased up and announced proudly 'God I needed that!'. She then proceeded to redress herself as our neighbour give her her panties and jeans. I was so proud of her, and my friend was really engrossed by the show I can tell!"

Laura's eyes looked like they would bulge out their sockets, her breathing was ragged and matched Mandy's pretty well. And her hand was back down between her legs.

14. Oups...

"So my mum was all dressed and I was getting ready to leave, when my neighbour announced 'I guess it's my turn then'. I stopped dead in my tracks and looked at her. Like my mum she removed her skirt first, handed it over to my mum, then removed her panties , granny panties I'd say. I was shocked when I saw her private, they were bare! I mean she was surely in her late forties, she had two kids, yet she was bare as a young girl. I did not know about shaving back then, but my mum explained afterward."

"Anyway I was wondering what the neighbour was up to. She went toward us, neatly skipping my mum's puddle with a crass comment 'My, how di**usting, looks like someone peed on that carpet', then she sidestepped her own daugther's puddle and went to her seat. She sat on the edge, we had all turned toward her and she seemed to be relishing the audience. 'It's been so long since I did that... believe me darlings you're in for a treat!'"

"I thought she'd be peeing from the edge of the seat, but I could not see how it would be a treat since I had done so about an hour earlier. She did not though. Instead she brought her feet up, and put them on the edge of the seat on the side of her bum as she leaned back. She then looked at her with what I can now describe as lust in her eyes, her hand went down to her pussy and she rubbed herself a little. I could feel my mum's presence in my back and she was clearly as engrossed by the show as we girls were."

Mandy drained the last of her tea. Laura's had been discarded and she had once again closed her eyes, imagining the scene as vividly as she could.

"Our neighbour then parted her lips with her hands, and then she groaned and a fountain erupted from her pussy! It shot a good foot in the air, then hurtled down... and pattered on the wall under the railing! You should have seen the look on her face, she was so concentrating on her stream. She pushed further and it slowly crept up the wall. Where it impacted the carpeted wall it was splashing wildly and there were dropplets flying everywhere around. I could not tear my eyes away from the point of impact, internally I was cheering as much I could, wishing for it to get to the top of the wall..."

"She was clearly aiming for it too, but despite her efforts her stream slowed down and lost its power. I was disappointed then... but she was not fazed, still concentrating as much as she could, she cut off her stream. She then took a deep breath. I swear I saw her abs rippled under her shirt and then she groaned and a powerful squirt shot off her pussy, it heaved in the air... and passed the railing! All three of us gasped at that! I had never, ever, see a woman pee like that!"

"She sighed deeply, then sat up, her feet getting back on the floor. She turned toward us grinning like a Cheschire Cat. She then stood up, still nude from the waist down, straddled her daughter's puddle. She chose that very moment to wipe a stray strand of hair behind her ear, and I found that exquisitely feminine. Then she dribbled a bit on top of her daughter's puddle."

"Finally done, she looked up at us smiling, and suddenly her eyes widened and all blood drained from her face. She looked like a deer in headlights. Following her gaze we all turned around, and right behind us, at the end of our row of seat, was the clerk girl. Eyes wild. Mouth agape."

Laura shuddered, the orgasm took her from her toes and wound its way up her body. Her legs clenched, trapping her hand, her back straightened almost painfully, her head reared back a bit and it was all she could do to stiffle a moan. The sight of her triggered Mandy's own orgasm. She had been trying to delay it for so long that it came to her with a vengeance. It was so violent that she had to grasped the edge of the table as she began to shake.

The two starred off for a while, incapable of focusing. They slowly got down of their cloud, smiling at each other. Relieving in the feeling of having a soul sister.

Laura was the first to break the silence "I can only understand what they went through, when that granny caught Betty peeing in the corner I would have died just to be spared the shame." Mandy approved, "That's about what I felt at the time, believe me. There was something impersonal about this you know, sure I knew that someone had to clean up, but I never was there when they did, and there she was, the pretty clerk girl, and it suddenly downed on me that the poor sob was probably the one that actually to clean it up. And she had caught us good. It was unmistakable what we had been about. My mum's pee was still dripping from the seat and given her position, she had probably witnessed my neighbour's pee too... the said neighbour who was currently bottomless."

"So what happened ?"

15. Consequences

Mandy looked back at Laura, she was clearly wondering the woes her, her mother, her friend and her neighbour went through for having vandalized the cinema. Indeed it was a serious thing. Back then, she was already seeing herself behind the bars. Her mother had been very clear about it, "It's not proper, but if you're discreet enough most people won't notice. You better make sure you're not caught though, or there'll be hell to pay."

Not wanting to prolong the suspense, she continued, "I was so ashamed, and so afraid too, already I could see the cops rushing on us, that I was ready to burst in tears, and then the girl spoke."

"'Wow! I've never seen anything like that!' She sounded amazed, yet it did not register in our minds. My mum instead tried to brush it off, 'Hum, uh, sorry about that. We had really huge sodas you see, and the toilets are so far, and we thought well the cinema was shutting down anyway so...'"

"The clerk walked toward us, and she giggled, of all things. 'You can't believe how many times I've seen girls or boys peeing here. I'm often left to supervise from the projection room as old Nick finds the position uncomfortable... you would not believe how wicked some can be, really... well maybe you can... but I've never, ever, seen an adult go there...'"

"She bit her lips, thinking, 'In fact, I was watching your daughters, my mother would never, ever, have let me do anything like that you know. I felt so jealous of them. And you were so cool about it all.' The news that she had been watching us from the start should have worried us even more, but her demeanor was so calm that somehow we relaxed. My neighbour took the opportunity to glide behind my mum and began dressing up. The young clerk let out a sigh, then she pursued, 'Well I found you so cool that I decided I would propose you to follow after your daughters' lead.' My mum exploded in laughter and relief, I smiled like crazy as did my friend, and our neighbour sighed in relief."

Laura could not help but remark, "Wow, you were lucky! I wish that old cow had been as comprehensive!" She then bit her lips as she realized her vulgarity. She glanced at Mandy, but she just giggled, "Oh she was comprehensive, yes, and more."

"As my neighbour finally finished arranging her skirt, she finally spoke 'Well, uh, truth to be told, after the display of our daughters, we kind of decided to follow on our own.' She left unsaid that having bought such a giant soda, she had probably be planning it all along, of course. The clerk nodded. I could feel that my mum and my neighbour were uncomfortable here, probably as they had been caught, and only wished to get away from here, but the clerk was standing in the passage, and she did not seem to be willing to let us go yet."

"Instead, she let out a deep breath, bit her lips nervously twice, 'You know, I've been witnessing that for two years now. The previous clerk had warned me about it, but I thought he was joking. I could not believe it the first time I saw it.' She was looking for her words, 'I've... I've never did anything like that, not even after I saw a group of teenagers and how brazen they would be about it, the boy spraying it on the side seats and the girls just squatting in the alley and leaving their tissues behind...'"

"She was looking more and more vulnerable.. 'I've always wanted to do it...'"

"It was like a bomb. My mum was at a loss of words, and that doesn't happen often as you know. It was my neighbour's daughter who reacted first 'Why don't you then ?' The clerk's face beamed at her, then she look at my mum expectandly, 'I've got something in my mind, but I'd need some help... would you ?' My mum nodded and the clerk's face was like it shone from the inside. Then her shoulders heaved and slumped, she let another deep breath, and began to undress."

"She unbuckled her belt, and put it on the seat nearby. She then removed her shirt, exposing her bra and titties, and tossed it on the seat too. She removed her pants, and they followed suit. She was now in her underwears and shoes. She looked up at my mum, and my mum smiled at her, radiating her approval, and I think it gave her the courage to go on. She unhooked her bra, tossing it over the pile she had done, then pushed her panties down and removed them too."

"Here she was, what I thought was the prettiest girl I had ever seen, standing in her birthday suit in the middle of a worn down cinema. All she had on were her shoes and a few trinkets. I could not help but look you know, and I sure wished I would grow to be like her. Her titties weren't huge, but they were defying gravity. Her stomach was toned, not an ounce of fat here. Her waist was narrow, not much hip either, but then she was in her early twenties not a full women yet. She had a few wisps of blond hair around her crotch though."

"She crossed down her arms in front of her, and my mum laughed 'A bit chilly ?', the girl laughed. She had a beautiful airy laugh. She then came toward us and put herself between the railing and my mother. She was breathing hard, and her nipples stood proudly. She was clearly aroused. 'Do you know what was the wickest pee I saw ?' My mum shook her head, it didn't seem the girl meant any of ours, and they had been nothing but wick."

"'It was a group of teens, girls only. Like you they waited till everyone left. Most of the girls had already gone to the back, but there was that shy girl, whom their friend kept pestering about joining them. It was not the first time I saw them, and the girl had never joined them. Well this time she smiled. And then proceeded to remove all her clothes. It certainly shut them down, they were all staring at her... and I intend to reenact her deed.'"

Mandy marked a pause, she wished she had not drank all of her tea, her hand was back between her legs, as was her in-law's. She smiled.

"She drew my mum to her, then put her hands on the railing at her back. She humped on it and my mum reach to hold on her lest she fall. The young clerk was smiling. She backed her bum a bit more, leaning forward to compensate, and spread her legs. 'I can't believe I'm about to do it' she whispered, more to herself than anyone else. She was facing our neighbour and us girls, with my mum on her side, holding on her."

"And then she opened her seal. A quiet hiss first, and then a loud patter echoed throughout the cinema. My eyes went wild. I could see her pretty pussy, I could see the little stream that escaped it and rained down behind the railing... and I could hear the deafening patter. Not being able to miss the show I went to her other side, and peered above the railing. I could see her bum sideways, and I could see the stream falling from it. It was raining straight down, a perfect golden stream. And it impacted a good ten feet below."

"The slightest change of position, and the stream would move from the ground to the seat in front, the popcorn cup that had been left there, then to the seat on side, back to the carpet, a soda cup, the seat behind, its neighbour, its other neighbour already covered in popcorn. Looking up I saw that she was watching between her parted legs, and I realized that she was aiming! Enthralled I looked back at the impact of her stream. Yet another seat, and as she pushed she managed to clear the row of seats and let her stream fall on a new spot on the carpet."

"Finally her stream died, it turned to a trickle, and still she made the most of it, getting another popcorn cup. 'Wow girl, that was wicked indeed', praised my neighbour, whom I realized had been looking over the railing too. The girl's head went back up. She was in a daze, and she smiled, 'That's what I thought too.'"

Laura had her fourth orgasm of the day, the first had been (unbeknownst to her sister-in-law) in the changing room. Mandy was still delaying hers, but kept drumming herself as she waited for Laura to get back to Earth. Laura finally did, "That's the wickest I heard!", Mandy smiled at her, "Is it ?"

16. Forbidden

Sorry, but this chapter does not meet the guidelines of this forum, I think. Their are other natural urges that are taboo, but this forum disapproves of. I am not much into them either. This chapter is rather tame, and not so graphic, it just fit well here I think, and kinda up the ante.

If you wish to read it, send me a private message, and I'll send it back.

17. End ?

"Right before getting out my mum made us girls swear never, ever, to speak of this to anyone... you're the first I've spoken too."

******

I certainly hoped you enjoyed it. I hope it was not too rough around the edges and there was not enough issues to spoil your fun

