Roommates Part 2: Confessions

15th March 2013, 04:12 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Denise squinted against the sunlight peeking in her bedroom window. She rolled over and groaned, battling against the morning. She also felt the familiar strong morning twinge in her bladder. For a moment, she considered the long walk down the hall to the bathroom. But then memory of last night's experience flashed into her head.

I'm too tired to get up. What would it matter if I just peed right here. Convinced, she rolled over on her back and with a sigh released her bladder. She peed full force into her panties, enjoying the warm flow of her urine as it hissed loudly in the quiet of her room and soaked the mattress under her. Oh, that's nice, she thought. Feeling out of control now, Denise cut off the flow for a moment and reached to her crotch to pull her panties to the side. She released again and could hear her pee splashing and burbling as it pooled at her crotch and sprayed her thighs with ecstatic warmth. She moaned as it weakened to a trickle and could not help but touch her clitoris. All it took was a few strokes and she was crying out as her orgasm took over.

A gentle knock at her door made her gasp.

"Breakfast." It was Starla, Denise's new roommate. Had she overheard? Denise's face reddened. Well, if she did hear, I'll just mention what I saw last night? How could she forget the sight of her plus-sized roommate's bare ass sprawled across the bed as she peed full-force.

Denise followed the scent of bacon down the hall. When she entered the kitchen, her eyes widened at the sight of a full spread of breakfast goodies. Croissants, scrambled eggs, bacon, and several different types of fruit. Starla was standing at the stove in a lacy pink gown with thin shoulder straps, washing some dishes.

"Hey, sleepy head. I'm sorry, but I forgot to mention I'm an early bird. And I love mornings. Coffee?"

"Please." Starla poured her a cup and winked when she handed it to her. Denise sat at one of the wooden chairs around the dining table.

"So, um... I feel like there are some things we should talk about." Denise swallowed. The coffee was excellent.

"Okay?" she said.

"I kind of... lied to you yesterday. Well, I didn't really lie so much as change the truth..." Denise thought she knew where this was going. "I don't have a weak bladder. I mean, I do, but... most of the time I wet myself on purpose." This just keeps getting better and better. "I know that may sound gross, but see when I started having problems with my bladder about ten years ago, after I got over the embarrassment, I started realizing that I really enjoyed it. And then I started wetting the bed, not on purpose at first, and god does that ever feel good. Sorry. So... now you know. And... I kind of think I know that you saw me last night. If you're grossed out, I get it."

Denise took another sip of coffee. "I'm not grossed out."

"Really? Oh, I'm so glad. I've been through six roommates and they were all cool with the weak bladder thing, until I would actually wet myself and then out the door they would go. When I saw that you were still here this morning, I thought I would just come out with it and tell you everything."

Denise smiled. Should she...? "It's okay. If you've got to go, then just go."

"Thank you so much. Actually, this warm sink water is kind of working on my bladder." With that, Denise heard a splashing as Starla began to pee full force down her legs. She bit her lip but continued to scrub the dishes as a warm cascade of pee trickled down her bare thighs and dripped to the floor, forming a pool at her feet. She spread her legs and continued her pee as it splashed loudly onto the tile floor.

"You know," she said, as her flow began to taper off, "I'm sorry, but... I heard what you were doing this morning." Denise's face turned red as she took another sip of her coffee. "I went to wake you up for breakfast and I could hear you... peeing in your bed. Are you a wetter, too?"

Denise hesitated, but as she looked at Starla, who again studied her with those big searching eyes, she sighed. "I used to be. And then I guess I... outgrew it. But after talking to you last night... and seeing that you were serious, well..." The coffee was starting to work on Denise's bladder and seeing the pool of pee on the tile floor wasn't helping.

"Well... if you wanted to do it again... that's okay with me, of course. You can pee anytime you want. And as long as you clean it up, you can pee anywhere."

"I kind of have to pee right now," Denise said.

"Go ahead." Starla's voice was so soft and encouraging that, without even considering where she was or how odd this was, Denise sat up in her seat, pulled her nightgown out from under her bottom, and slid off her panties. Then, she spread her legs and looked at her new roommate as she sighed and released her bladder. Her pee began as a trickle as it splashed from between her legs against the chair. It pooled there for a bit before falling in streams down her legs and from the chair.

"Oh, god, that's fantastic," Starla said.

"Feels pretty amazing, too," Denise said as she pushed harder and her stream increased until it sprayed over the edge of the chair and pattered onto the tile floor. As her flow continued, she pressed her legs together and felt the wonderful warmth of her pee as it sprayed the inside of her thighs. She continued this until she felt a small orgasm tingling through her body. As she started to cum, she looked at Starla, who had reached into her own panties and was stroking gently. Both girls gasped as they climaxed, not breaking eye contact with each other, and then sighed blissfully. Starla's orgasm must have made her have to pee again, as she pulled her panties aside and sprayed the tile floor with her warm urine.

"I think we're going to get along just fine," she said.

