More fun with Clare

10th February 2006, 09:30 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Remember. These are based upon truth, though names and identifiable details have been altered. There might not be enough steamy dialogue for some of you; but I'm not going to embellish I'm afraid. These are real and important memories. Indelibly stamped, so what dialogue there is, is real. Where there was silence, I'll describe what I saw. I spent a number of years with a quite remarkable partner, who did not just indulge me; she shared the thrill - and throughout, was a selfless lover. I would have to confess to being the selfish one; should confession be necessary!

Most of the time we were together, we did not actually live together. As far as our games were concerned, the only practical difference this made was that, if ever Clare arrived for a date in jeans, it was unlikely that we were going to be able to indulge in a lot! OK, there were one or two exceptions - occasions involving a sleep over at a party for example - but if we were out on the town and I was walking her home, then jeans were a signal that, for whatever reason, peeing games were not on the agenda. We did, after all, indulge in what you might call «Straight» sex too!

Despite these occasional periods of abstinence, having agreed mutually that her being desperate was a turn on; we began to indulge in all sorts of ways. One of the earliest saw us at a function; a presentation evening for a Sunday football league. My team had arranged a coach to get us there and back. It was not a long journey, maybe 35 minutes, but with both of us drinking pretty well all evening and making regular pit-stops at the venue, while also getting rather tanked up; the journey home was pretty uncomfortable. In my experience, once you break that seal, and pee for the first time; the trips to unload become regular and progressively more frequent. Try to alter that pattern again and you get desperate pretty damn quick.

Therefore, by the time we reached our drop off point, we both needed to pee. By the end of the journey, Clare had one leg crossed over the other, and was swinging the crossed one back and forth. She also was sitting with her lips clamped between her teeth - a sign I had learned to recognise. She was concentrating on her bladder. It was not always easy to tell whether she was desperate when other people were around though - she was pretty good at disguising the need to go when we were in company. The odd sharp intake of breath, together with the lip thing was often the only sign in. Being sat on the coach gave her a bit more freedom. She was also able, thanks to the noise of the engine, to whisper that she was getting pretty desperate, and would need to pee before she got home. «You want a shower?» she teased

We were dropped about half a mile from Clare's house, in a lay-by on a dual carriageway - and it was now raining hard. Both of us were semi-formally dressed and not prepared for wet weather. Wet other things maybe, but not wet weather. Clare had on a long skirt; floaty and ankle length. I had chinos - not something that you want to get wet at all; from the inside or outside. Off of the coach, we made a bee-line for the canal. The towpath passed under the road at the end of the lay-by and was on a direct, if scenic route to her house. We ran and slid down the slope from the road to the path; both giggling as the rain began to soak us. Unlit and quiet at night, it was somewhere we went quite often, and tonight it was a shelter as well as a playground.

Once under the road bridge, we paused for breath. I had to pee. I undid my jacket, unzipped and prepared to let go. «Can I hold it?» asked Clare. She had both hands between her legs, and removed one as she asked. I was desperate enough to be able to go without immediately getting hard (It was not the warmest night of the year either). Clare was now standing behind me. She reached around, took hold of me and instructed me to start peeing. I was only too happy to oblige.

She giggled as I peed - and commented on how she wanted to do the same just as soon as I had finished. This, and my now rapidly emptying bladder caused me to get hard; which in turn prompted further comment from Clare about how I responded whenever she needed to piss. (She had pet-names for both me AND my knob - which I am NOT going to repeat here!!), but the gist of it was to do with the fact that all she ever had to do was say «I really need to pee» or somesuch, and I'd spring to attention. Once I had finished peeing, naturally my mind turned to her predicament. With her behind me, I could not see or do a lot, so, I loosened her grip, turned around and placed her hand back where it had been just a few seconds before.

«Can I go now?» she asked, a mock pretty please, wide- eyed look on her face. «Not yet» was the reply. It tended to be. She was actually shifting her weight from one foot to the other by this time. We moved around so that she had her back to the bridge wall. She continued to hold me with one hand, and used the other to lift her skirt out of the way. «I don't think I can hold it for much longer» she said and the free hand made its way between her legs.

With her leaning back against the wall, she was also able to resume the little stepping motion she used when really desperate. A sort of marching on the spot. The lips also went back between clenched teeth, as she struggled to maintain control. I still had both hands free, so, being mildly sadistic in my spare time, lit us both a cigarette. «Smoke this first», I said «Then we'll see» She had to let go of me again to do this, and was quite a sight, as she marched around with one hand clamped firmly between her legs, the other holding the lit cigarette. Frequent sharp intakes of breath accompanied the marching and I began to wonder whether I had gone too far, and had made her wait too long.

Having smoked around two thirds of the cigarette, she launched it into the canal, and grabbed hard with both hands. «Fuck I need to pee» she said. We returned to our positions at the wall. This time I behaved, holding her skirt for her with one hand to keep it out of the line of fire. Partly to help ensure that there were no awkward questions from her mother come laundry time, but also because, when Clare let go after holding out for some time, she let go big-time, and I wanted to see it! The marching continued, and she was also now tapping one foot against the other between steps. Her mouth was open again; little gasps escaped as she continued her struggle «God I'm desperate. You hold me» she said. No further invitation was needed. My hand replaced hers between her legs. I pressed firmly against her pussy.

Clare shook her head and breathed in through clenched teeth. «I'm going to wet myself. Higher; press a bit higher up and harder. Ooh. Quick» she demanded, a little laugh escaped her and she semi squatted briefly. I knew exactly how to stem the flow when she was naked; but with knickers on, clearly I needed directions. «There. Press hard, but tickle when you want me to go. Don't make me hang on much longer, because I am going to explode whether you are ready or not! Remember, just tickle me when you want me to pee». She was pushing herself against me, her breathing getting deeper - the fact that this turned her on almost as much as it did me was actually a comfort somehow. «Seriously desperate, not sure how much longer it'll wait» she said.

All the while, she still had hold of me; massaging me gently. Thanks to her occasional commentary and the continued marching, I could feel my own control slipping, and as soon as I knew that I could not prevent my own release, I slackened my grip on her pee hole, and quickly slipped my hand inside her knickers, seeking out her clit. Pausing only for as long as it took to slip a finger inside her warm wet pussy to lubricate one finger, I started to tickle her. The reaction was immediate; what came next came quickly, so to speak. Her legs shook then buckled slightly. Within a few seconds, a small wet patch appeared on her knickers.

With her eyes closed now, Clare gasped. While she did not always come and go (As we would refer to it) together, she would always come close to orgasm then (I would help finish the job for her later if she needed me to). The wet patch grew. As I watched entranced, a trickle of pee made its way through the white cotton, where it had puddled and ran down her leg. She jerked forward, again pushing herself against my hand, causing what was left of the initial puddle in her knicks to splash onto my hand, but now, she could not prevent herself wetting; if the trickle had been the starter, the main course soon followed.

A torrent of clear, warm pee cascaded through her knickers, flowed around my hand, down both of her legs and splashed noisily on to the ground. As my hand had moved her knicker gusset away from the source, her pee ran guided only by gravity - her shoes and stockings, thighs, legs, my hand all soaked in seconds as the contents of her bladder fought to escape. She most certainly had been full!

Despite her own release, Clare had not forgotten me; the movement of my hand from outside of her to the inside was a signal for her to increase the speed of her strokes, so that as she peed herself, the torrent was complemented, briefly, as I shot my load. As always, I watched intently as she emptied herself. As always, as the flow subsided and she could relax fully, we looked at each other; her wide eyed - she was somehow in awe of just how much her bladder could hold, given that she possessed such a small frame. «That's better. Are you better too?» She asked. «My shoes are full, you've made a right mess of my knickers, inside AND out, and now I've got to walk home». All this said with a cheeky grin, those big blue eyes wide and smiling. We kissed.

One day I'll work out just HOW I managed to throw all of this away - for I did. Why?

No idea. Absolutely no fucking idea.

