The lady cop and the wet night

23rd November 2009, 10:40 AM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

I have to tell you of my fun and wet evening and great fuck night that happened last Friday. It started last Friday afternoon as I was riding my new Honda Shadow bike in Miami's South Beach area. I am condo sitting for a friend of mine who is out of the country. I had donned a yellow tank top shirt, a pair of very tight low rise jeans ( sorry for those who don't like seeing guys in really tight low rise jeans but its another fetish of mine - and yes they are girl's jeans - Hydraulic brand extreme low rise exposed button fly) and my leather riding chaps. I had downed 2 large liter bottles of water and packed 2 more with me. My plan was indeed to get those jeans and chaps wet while riding in South Beach.

Wet jeans, especially tight are a turn on for me. While riding my bike, even more. After an hour or so the jeans were quite wet from peeing them so things were working out as planned. The feel of wet denim and the chaps are such a turn on for me. I stopped for a bit right in a crowd and dismounted the bike. Wet jeans totally soaked now so most people would not really believe it was piss soaked but perhaps just water. Temperature was in the 80's so very comfortable. I downed the 2 other bottles of water and walked over to a snack stand and bought another.

Walking casually in my piss soaked jeans 4" rise with only 3 exposed buttons, tank top T and chaps in front of hundreds of onlookers. I did get some looks, smiles but its South Beach. Getting back on the bike, I let go a warm stream of fresh piss into the jeans which made them shinny and wet. Just then, I look over and this woman cop is getting off her bike and is staring right at me. She obviously sees my wet jeans. I get back on my bike and get ready to start it when she calls over to me - 'sir, please wait a moment I need to see your license and registration'.

Damn, I thought, busted. I pull out my wallet from the bike bag, as these jeans have almost no pocket space being so tight and low rise. She asks if I had been drinking. No I reply, but I have had 2 liters of water and need to pee really bad. She replied, well it appears you already have. I reply, I was holding it as long as I could but hit a bump in the road and well, now the jeans are wet. I kept noticing her eyes glancing at the jeans. Well, she said, we need you to take the field test, so come over here and walk the line. My bladder was ready to burst and I think she knew this. As I walked the painted stripe I started to pee my jeans some more and was dripping piss. I turned around and walked the line back towards her.

She stopped me and said I had passed but I need to work on controlling my dripping jeans in public. She handed me back my license and said I was free to go. She did ask however for my local address as she knew my Chicago address on the license was not up to date. I gave her my address of the condo I am house sitting at. I was relieved. She then said she was getting off shift in an hour and was going to have to come to my place and help me work on my control or write me a ticket for public peeing. Huh, I thought, but then she said, that a bit of control by her would help. She instructed me to ride home and not pee in my jeans anymore or anywhere else for that matter until she go there. I took off on the bike and headed for my condo. The jeans did get a bit wetter but for the most part I did as instructed.

I got home and quickly picked up the place and put the 2 deck chairs together on the deck facing so that I could see inside the condo. My friend's condo is on the 10th floor overlooking the inland waterway so a nice late afternoon view to the east. I left the door unlocked to see if she was indeed a bit dominating and would take charge. Sitting on the deck with some more water I pissed the jeans as I could not hold it any longer. This resulted in a rather large puddle on the cement deck under my chair. I then heard the front door open and it was my lady cop.

She walked out to the deck where she spotted me. She pulled a large bottle of Tequila from a bag. Still in uniform but now hair down and this gave a much better look of her. Late 30's very fit and obviously worked out. She indeed filled the uniform well. As she looked at the floor and saw the puddle and my freshly pissed jeans she said that indeed some work on control was needed and pulled out a pair of handcuffs from her waist pouch. She put my hands behind my back through the chair back so I had quite limited movement and could not move from the chair.

She walked to the kitchen and found 2 shot glasses which she quickly filled with Tequila and made me drink one. How could I refuse as I was handcuffed. She downed hers and refilled both. Repeated this 2 more times. The 3 shots quickly were making my head buzz and with a full bladder I was going to totally loose control. She also had a couple of large bottles of water to which she downed one rapidly while watching me in the chair, with my wet jeans and buzzing head. She then said she was going to change from her uniform and went into the bedroom. I yelled to her that she was in the wrong bedroom ( she went into my friends master bedroom first).

She then went into my bedroom and I could tell she was looking through my closet and drawers. She walked out a minute or 2 later ( I was getting on Tequila time so a bit fuzzy) with a pair of my Sanna jeans in her hand. She said, now my boy, is it true you really can fit into these jeans ? She had found my pair of Brazil made Sanna jeans - 3" rise, 1" zipper and indeed the lowest rise woman's jean made. Truth be said I only have worn them out clubbing to some special clubs as they really are so low my cock is not covered. The top of the jeans are that low. She returned to the bedroom and a few minutes came back out wearing my Sanna jeans and my black and yellow Neoprene 'pig' stretch zip up vest top.

Her breasts would not let the top zip more than about 1/3 of the way so she was quite exposed. Ah a nice view as she walked over towards me wearing my jeans and top. In her hand she had also found my other toys - an anal plug. She asked what a nice boy like me was doing with this? She poured another 2 shots of tequila and gave me one. She did likewise and opened her other bottle of water and downed it. This indeed was going to be a wet evening. The sun had set so just the lights from inside and the city lights illuminated the deck. She then reached down and unbuttoned my 3 buttons on my jeans unleashing my piss hard cock. Oh, she responded, shaved and a cock ring. My you are indeed trouble my boy. Anal plug, cock ring, shaving smooth and low rise jeans. Are you sure that you know what to do with me, she asked or do I need to teach you.

My rock hard cock now unleashed from my jeans and with the aid of the stainless steel cock ring was pointing to my chest. If I had began to to piss, which I was so close to bursting, I would piss all over myself. My lady cop, now lowers the back of the chaise lounge chair so I am now almost horizontal. My cock still pointing towards my chest. She then straddles my chest spreading her legs across my chest. She proceeds to sit then on my chest and abdomen, squeezing my already bursting bladder. I could not hold back and began to piss with a forceful stream than was hitting her in the lower back and but crack that those jeans must be exposing.

She lets out a scream and says I must control myself. I try to stop and gain control but the piss is running from her backside. Then she says its time for her to show me and begins to wildly piss her jeans. The Sanna jeans are cut so low that the top of her pussy is partly exposed and the piss is streaming from above the jeans and in my face and chest. She continues to piss and I then let go as well. She quickly turns around and lets me continue to piss on her breasts with the stretch vest actually overflowing with piss. For what felt like 5 minutes we both were wildly pissing each other.

The puddles grew to streams that were flowing down the floor drain on the concrete deck. She then dismounts me and says to raise my legs so she can pull off my jeans and chaps that are now totally soaked as is her jeans and top. She pulls off my jeans and starts to play with my cock and then grabs the anal plug. Before I know it she is shoving it up my ass. I am again pissing as it hits the bladder and puts pressure on my prostrate. I feel like I am going to cum. She then strips her piss soaked jeans and top off, grabs my cock and pushes it into her pussy and begins to fuck me. Taking all of it in and out right up to and including the cock ring. Every time the stainless steel ring hits her clit she screams. Quickly we both orgasm as the foreplay had brought us to seconds of cumming. She lays on my wet chest and we both enjoy the aftermath.

We head to the shower still dripping. Again in the shower we fuck again. Into bed a couple of more times until we both pass out in exhausted pleasure. I awoke Saturday morning and she had already dressed and left but with a note - meet her Saturday same place as Friday for some additional control training. The note also added, you better be wearing these jeans as I don't believe you can fit that cock into them. Don' dry them as they may shrink. The note was laying on top of the jeans that she had pissed in. I quickly became rock hard at the anticipation of wearing those piss soaked jeans again and trying to wear them in public with my chaps and keeping my cock concealed.

