Kryssie plots with Suzy and James get a Surprise

29th May 2013, 10:44 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Somebody recently told me I had made 2000 posts on here~! Wow~! I did not notice, and that is with me being MIA for almost a year! I have had the worst year ever, so much has happened I have been through the mill and back~! But I am not here to talk about sad and scary and challenging things~!

I was told about the 2000th post and reminded that I should commemorate with a story~! So~! Here goes~!

Some of you may dimly remember my Kryssie series!~?

Suzy wiped away tears from her blue yes, cursing that the saltiness of her tears made her vision blurry as it somehow fogged up her contact lenses~! She pushed a strand of her silk blonde hair behind her ear and gazed at her blurry reflection~! She was a MESS, red nose, red watery eyes ugh~! It was not that long ago her darling friend Kryssie had helped her transform from a gawky, bespectacled, mousy, nerdy teacher's assistant that seemed invisible to the world, into a sexy confident young woman! Someone who wore cling short dresses to show off lean trim legs, and tight bodices to accentuate her small high breasts, while contact lenses had revealed gorgeous bright blue eyes previously hidden by large thick spectacles!~!

«And now look at me she said aloud, half hiccupping as she sobbed. She mangled another tissue in her hands as she remembered how her beloved James had told her his book had finally sold, and as a result he was off on a whirlwind book tour~! He was so excited and she had TRIED to be excited for him, but he had made no attempt to include her in the tour, to ask her to go with, and she had felt her heart crumble inside~! She could not lose him now, not when she had really opened up and fallen in love with him~!

She was still sobbing when she opened the door to Kryssie a little while later~! Kryssie came into the room like a tornado, wild red curls flying, dark eyes flashing! Kryssie embraced her, hugging her hard, her curvy body engulfing her slender one~! Within moment Kryssie had made her take out her contacts, washed her face, pulled her hair back and poured them both ginormous goblets of wine~!

Sitting with Kryssie massaging her back and stoking her face Suzy told Kryssie what had happened. Kryssie bit her lip, frowning worriedly as she listened to Suzy talk!~! Her heart went out to her friend, and she emphasised with her completely as the love of her life was also away on a rugby tour at the moment and she missed him!~! She had told him they should use the 6 months to take a break, sure he would be bombarded with girls and cheerleaders on his trip~! Her decision was not made from jealousy~! Oh no, in the past 9 months she and Chris had grown so close. She was not jealous at all, but she felt at their age and situation in life, they needed a small window of freedom, a free pass to really enjoy life and help them decide what the next step would be!~!

Although it had been her idea, and she and Chris were in constant contact via Skype and WatsApp,, she missed him so much it hurt. She looked at poor Suzy and her heart contracted, if Chris had left without a plan for them it would have killed her~!

Kryssie gulped wine and practically forced Suzy to gulp hers.~! Goblets finished she filled both with water, made Suzy drink and swallow hers too~! Water finished she filled with more wine, a little surprised at how little was left in the cheap 5 litre box wine - typical student fare~! Dismissing that she settled by Suzy again.

«i-I-I'm so s-s-s-tupid,» Suzy said half hiccupping half sobbing. «Why would he take me with? I-I-I'm, just some mousy girl he likes to fuck» she stammered, feeling the wine hit her like a ton of bricks.! The alcohol helped make her more confident. «W-w-well to HEL with him»~! She finished loudly and triumphantly, bleary red eyes gleaming~!

Kryssie chinked glasses and laughed~! Whatever the question, alcohol was ALWAYS the answer, her tipsy mind told her and she giggled, making Suzy glare at her, which made her giggle more~!

«It's NOT funny, my heart is b-b-b-roken..» Suzy wailed, and Kryssie burst out giggling!~! Suzy glared again and Kryssie giggled some more~! Suzy took a swing at her and missed, almost knocking over the wine.

«Hey,» Kryssie said in a stern voice. «Not the wine, Suz, not the wine! ~! What did these poor grapes do to YOU? They were stomped on just so we could enjoy drinking them, respect, girl, respect»~!

Suzy stared at her, glaring, then suddenly giggled wildly and hugged Kryssie hard. Somehow their faces wound up close, and Suzy found herself leaning in and kissing Kryssie.~! Kryssie felt Suzy's lips on hers, tasted the wine they had been drinking and the saltiness of her tears, and he mouth opened and their tongues met, and electricity flowed through both of them~! Suzy's eyes flew open at the jolt of heat and her eyes met Kryssie' s~!

Kryssie met Suzy's eyes and then slowly deliberately closed hers~! She sighed into Suzy's mouth as she gave in to the kiss, the melty warm feeling that flooded her~! Soon they were tightly entwined, kissing deeply, hands wrapped around each other!~! As Suzy, who was taller and stronger despite her slender frame, pushed Kryssie to the floor she half moaned and struggled to sit up! Suzy persisted but Kryssie sat up again. «wait, wait I really need to»

«Pee?» Suzy finished and giggled~! She looked at Kryssie and lust flickered in her eyes~! Kryssie giggled and felt the heat in her own loins. She was about to suggest they do something they had shared once before, and the memory made her cheeks flush! ~! Suddenly though an idea formed in her mind~! She pushed Suzy away, eyes gleaming with excitement~! She grabbed Suzy's hand, and as they stood in the shower, Suzy's skirt pulled up, Kryssie' s jeans discarded in a heap on the floor~! As they helped each thrust hips out, and produce delightful golden yellow arcs of pee against the shower wall, both enjoying the feeling, Kryssie hissed out her plan and Suzy smiled wildly~!

The rest of the evening passed with the two girls giggling and plotting until the early morning~!

The next day Kryssie helped Suzy dress in a short bright blue summery dress with straps and a cross over back that seemed made for her body. She took time helping Suzy with hair and make-up before shooing her out the door! As soon as Suzy was gone she went shopping!~

Much later, as the dark shadows of evening gobbled up the last of the daylight, Suzy was helping Kryssie in the kitchen as they prepared a roast leg of lamb with fresh rosemary, garlic and parsley baby potatoes, and minted peas. Kryssie had bought a couple of bottles of GOOD wine, definitely no student fare for this event, oh no tonight they had fine Shiraz bottles awaited uncorking~! The fridge was stocked three plated smoked salmon entrees~ ! Dessert was a rich creamy vanilla ice cream with home-made chocolate sauce and fresh strawberries~!

As they were checking the lamb again the doorbell rang and Suzy went to answer it~! She opened the door and Dr James Read walked in. He caught the soft sweet cut grass smell of Suzy's shampoo as she straight blonde hair fell forward and her lips brushed his cheek. He noticed how blue her eyes were, the colour emphasised by the blue of her shimmery strapless top which was sheer enough for him to realise with a jolt she was not wearing a bra, and her nipples were jutting out delightfully! She took his jacket and led him to the dining room!~ James was delighted to be having dinner with Suzy~! In the past few months they had explored various aspects of his fetish, and her openness to experiment had amazed him over and over again. He had been delighted by her over and over again. He had something important to say to her, and was glad he had this opportunity even though he was nervous.

Suzy pulled out a chair and he sat as she leaned across him, putting his napkin on his lap. He again smelled her perfume, and felt her hair swing forward and tickle his cheek as her fingers pulled at the napkin and brushed against him, causing him to stiffen. He reddened slightly as he wondered if she noticed. Damn she made him feel like a school boy!

She kissed his cheek, and flittered into the kitchen, and he allowed himself to look at the decorated table. His heart sank as he realised there were three settings. Damn. He thought they would be alone. He frowned. Now what? He wondered to himself as the kitchen door swung open and Suzy breezed in with two plates of salmon salad. She put one in front of him and he noticed her loose flowing skirt and how it clung to her as she moved. She sat next to him and he found himself lost in the blueness of her large eyes as she smiled at him~!

Then the door opened again and James glanced up again~! His heart jumped and he flushed again as he watched mesmerised as Kryssie walked in, wearing a low cut plunge top, sleeveless, exposing rounded shoulders and that amazing cleavage. She also wore a skirt, hers less billowy, it hugged round hips, and as she moved he saw it hugged her rounded butt too. She grinned and set a salad down in the place next to him and then sat opposite Suzy.

Suzy and Kryssie grinned wildly at each other as they asked James to pour wine. They noticed his hand shook slightly and supressed giggles as he poured. They sipped water and waited till he sat again before clinking glasses with each other and James.

James nibbled what was probably a delicious salmon salad but which he barely tasted as he watched Suzy smile and giggle, blue eyes sparkling as she spoke to him and then Kryssie. He saw Kryssie, dark eyes flashing wildly as she spoke animatedly to Suzy. He felt an uncomfortable pressure as his poor cock already stiffening at how gorgeous Suzy looked, was straining even more at the presence of Kryssie who he had long fantasised about! He saw he beautiful breasts heave as she laughed at something Suzy said, saw her white teeth flash, watched Suzy throw her head back and marvelled at the slender curve of her neck and throat. He was unable to concentrate and could barely contribute to the conversation. Luckily Kryssie and Suzy bubbled and chattered away without him~!

In a blur the salad was cleared and a delicious roast leg of lamb appeared with peas and potatoes. Suzy handed him a carving knife, her fingers touching his, lingering, as her eyes caught his. He gulped more water as Kryssie filled up the wine goblets. He watched her red curls bounce as her head bent, the curve of her breasts gleaming in the candlelight~! He somehow cut the succulent meat with shaking hands. Kryssie handed him the dish of pea and his eyes flicked to hers as her fingers brushed his and stayed there. What? Did she MEAN to do that? He stammered thanks and somehow the meal passed. He gulped water and sipped wine and watched with awe as Kryssie' s red lips kissed the goblet rim and she sipped the wine. He was bewitched as Suzy tipped her head and guzzled water, a few drops escaping and running down her throat.

Dessert came, and with it more water and more wine. The stiffening in his groin had abated somewhat and his bladder was twinging instead. He thought about getting up to relieve the pressure, when unbidden he wondered if the girls were feeling desperate too!~! the thought sent a kick through him and his pants strained as he instantly hardened~! He surreptitiously glanced at Suzy and, knowing her as well as he did, saw a few beads of sweat on her brow, and the way she fidgeted in her seat. He looked at Kryssie and noticed a small frown as she too fidgeted. His cock bulged and he felt the wetness of precum erupt~!

Kryssie suddenly turned to him and offered him a strawberry dipped in chocolate. He glanced nervously as Suzy but she just smiled, so he turned, opened his mouth and took a big bite, feeling juice drip from the corner of his mouth~! Before he could wipe it away, Suzy leaned over, turned his cheek and delicately sucked the juice from his lip. He gave an involuntary gasp and closed his eyes and then she was gone.

Suzy leaned over and offered Kryssie a strawberry with a twinkle I her eye. Kryssie grinned, leaned up and over and bit hard, juice spurting down her chin!~! Suzy mock frowned and wagged a finger at her before leaning in and licking the juice from her. James nearly choked. He watched in a dreamlike state as Kryssie giggle the stuck out he own tongue to meet Suzy's. Within second the two girls were kissing deeply, sighing and moaning as they kissed.!~! James nearly choked as Suzy's hand reached out and caressed Kryssie' s cream cleavage before her hand slipped under Kryssie' s top!~! He gasped loudly as Kryssie' s hand pulled down Suzy's glittery top to reveal her upturned small but beautiful breasts with their large brown nipples which were erect and pert! Kryssie used her thumb and finger to roll over one plump nipple as Suzy threw her head back and groaned loudly!~!

James pushed his chair back a little so he could see better, his eyes glued to the scene before him~! His desperation was forgotten but his cock ached with its fullness!~! Kryssie broke the kiss, got up, dessert abandoned, as she came over to Suzy. Suzy moaned as Kryssie bent and sucked a nipple into her mouth~! Suzy leaned over and unbuttoned Kryssie' s top, before taking her hand and dragging her towards the lounge and it soft fluffy carpet.

Bewildered James sat a moment before pushing his chair back and following. The girls seemed to have forgotten him, as Kryssie shrugged out her now open top, throwing it away and making James gasp as her round large breasts bounced free, small rosy nipples hard. He watched as Suzy bent and filled her mouth with Kryssie' s nipple and some of her areolae!! Kryssie moaned loudly and threw her head back even as her own hands clasped Suzy's smaller breasts. Kryssie' s head came down and she kissed Suzy - a long deep lingering kiss~!

James sighed audibly and the eyes of both girls' flew open, dazed. Kryssie smiled at Suzy and they stood up slowly. Kryssie slowly helped Suzy out of her skirt and top, revealing small white lacy panties and garter stockings~! Suzy laughed and in turn helped Kryssie out of her clothes, leaving her in only thigh high garter stockings and black thong. Finished, all but naked, they grinned at each other the walked over to James who looked bomb struck. Kryssie helped him up and he did not struggle. Ash she removed his short she began kissing his back, as Suzy unbuckled his belt, unzipped him, and helped him step out of his pants. Once he was naked Suzy Knelt and nibbled and licked his springy hard cock, as it pulsed and dribbled precum~! James heard a guttural sound and realised it came from inside him.

He felt Kryssie' s tongue on his back trailing down, down, till it slipped between his tight butt cheeks, and as he shivered, Suzy swallowed him deep into his throat~! He groaned again and the girls stopped, pulling him to the floor, sandwiching him between them! ~! He felt Kryssie' s large breasts squash against his back, the satiny touch of her thong against his butt, her escaping nether curls tickling him, even as Suzy pressed against his chest, her high small breasts rubbing against him, as the laciness of her white panties ground against his hard cock. His fingers snaked down, one hand on Kryssie' s thigh behind him, the other behind Suzy's head, bringing her lips to his!

AS he kissed Suzy deeply, Kryssie bit his shoulder and he almost jerked as a warm wet stream gushed against his butt and he realised Kryssie was peeing! His cock throbbed again and he worried he would cum as he felt Kryssie' s warm wetness seep between his butt cheeks, tickling his starfish, trickling over his balls, and before he could contemplate how he felt Suzy squirted hard and soaked his cock and balls and half way past his belly button! ~! He groaned and writhed!

Kryssie moved and Suzy rolled him flat while she ad Kryssie straddled him, kissing each other over him as they helped each other aim and shower him with their warm crystal pee~! He moaned again and his hand went down to stroke hic cock as they showered him for what seemed like forever!~! he was delirious with lust, in a daze as he watched the girls kiss each other suck, each other's breasts and even soak each other giggling, before finishing on him!

At last they were empty and they collapsed on him, kissing him and each other, rubbing themselves against the warm wetness of his skin!~! He kissed first one then the other, desperate to pee himself, desperate to fuck them both!~! At last Kryssie helped him up, and then she and Suzy knelt before him!~! Gently Suzy reached up and guided his tip so it aimed at their breasts. «Go on,» Suzy said huskily. «you KNOW you want to»

«Please?» Begged Kryssie eyes sparkling! James grinned, gripped himself hard so he would soften slightly, and then felt sweet relief as his overfull bladder released and Suzy used him like a hosepipe to soak first her own then Kryssie' s breasts. Then she leaned in and let his pee fill and stream out of her mouth~! James sighed as he kept pissing, mesmerised by the sight of his stream on Kryssie' s amazing breasts, on Suzy's nipples, and on their soaked panties!~! finished at last Suzy leaned in and sucked the last drops from him before kissing Kryssie, then sucking James's pee from her breasts!!

James leaned in and kissed Suzy~! As he did Kryssie came behind and began licking and nuzzling his back, moving down to his butt, her tongue plunging between his cheeks and touching the puckered starfish sending ripples of fire through him~! Suzy broke his kiss and moved down and suddenly he was deep down her throat, sliding in and out as Kryssie' s tongue probed him from behind~! As Kryssie' s tongue dipped into his starfish he lost control and found himself mercilessly fucking Suzy's face as Kryssie finger and tongue fucked him from behind! ! He felt his orgasm build, and pulled out before he came, ignoring the disappointment of Kryssie and Suzy and he broke free!

He kissed them both then watched as Kryssie lay down and Suzy 69'd her, he watched and tasted as Kryssie's tongue disappeared into Suzy and Suzy's into her!! Kryssie was on her back and James came around and thrust two fingers into Suzy's soaking wet pussy, and without warning thrust into her, feeling her tightness against him, his thrusts pushing Suzy's face deeper and deeper into Kryssie' s pussy, even as he felt Kryssie' s hand move up, and her tongue snake around his balls, flicking in against him in between his thrusts. As Kryssie sunk her finger into him from behind he jerked and lost his stoke before fucking Suzy harder~! AS he fucked her he realised he bladder was not completely empty and he felt her golden juices soak out and make sucking wet sounds as he stroked in and out~! He heard Kryssie lap at the juices, her tongue touching him as she did~! He heard a hiss and realised Kryssie was peeing too, into Suzy's mouth~!

It tipped him over the edge and James felt himself sweat as he pumped hard into Suzy, harder, harder, deeper, pushing her to grind into Kryssie ! He fucked her faster and faster listening to the wet sounds, smelling sex and fresh pee, and perfume. Hearing the girls moan and sigh!!~! Suddenly he felt his orgasm build and pulled out. Suzy realised he was about to cum, and turned so he could slide his tip into her mouth and she sucked as he pumped and pumped and pumped into her mouth!~!

Finished as last he grunted and pulled out, collapsing half sitting, half lying on the floor! Suzy did not swallow, she waited till Kryssie was next to her and in front of James, she let Kryssie put her head face up beneath her chin and opened her mouth, letting James see his cum slide out of her mouth into Kryssie's. The Kryssie sat up and kissed Suzy, and James let his eyes roam their differently perfect bodies gleaming with sweat, dripping with golden drops, as their tongues met open mouthed and tasted his cum together!~! He sighed~! Wow. Was this even real?! Or was he dreaming.

Finished at last, pouting because none of his salty nectar was left, Kryssie and Suzy crept closer, pushing him down, lying on either side, sandwiching him again, he on his back they on their sides. Their hands caressed his wet body, his arm encircled them, their heads on his shoulders, as they caressed him!

Tired, he felt his eyes close and forced them open~! He turned to Suzy! «Suz, before I fall asleep and wake up and find this was just a dream» he joked, « I wanted to ask, if you would come with me on my book tour.» He paused. «I mean I do not want to diminish what YOU do, or infer it is less important, but..» he swallowed hard. «I really want you with me.» Suzy squealed and kissed him hard. When she broke for air he laughed~! «is that a yes?»

«YES» Suzy yelled. James laughed and kissed her hard. «of course,» he said, breaking the kiss and looking at her.. »Kryssie is welcome too.» And he never finished as Suzy punched him playfully and he laughed again~!

