Jen and Joe part 3

4th February 2006, 09:47 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 3

Walking down the hall in front of me, Jen looked so good in her soaked blue jeans I just couldn't stand it. I wasn't sure where this was headed since we were 'just friends' but it was obvious we were both very turned on. We had fooled around to great pleasure earlier at the lake…and I didn't think we could stop now if we wanted to.

I followed Jen into her bedroom. She walked over to the long mirror and modeled her soaked jeans for both of us. «Do I look sexy in my wet pants?» Her jeans had dark stains spreading out from her crotch all the way down both legs, and her beautiful ass was completely soaked from where she had peed all over me while sitting in my lap.. She was a beautiful sight, slowly turning around to show off all angles of her wet pants in the mirror. «I wet my pants» she said, adding «It feels so good.»

«I'm so glad this day turned out like this.» I agreed that the day had been a dream come true, letting her know how sexy I thought she was. «Help me get out of my soaking jeans?» she asked, with a sly smile on her face. I got on my knees to unbutton the jeans and slowly slid them down. I managed to leave her panties on, and ran my hands over her sexy wet legs. Eventually I began to rub the wet crotch of her panties, and we slid to the floor together. She reciprocated the touching and we both had toe curling orgasms within minutes, and lay on the floor together purely contented, snuggled up in the thick carpet.

After a while we came down a bit from the mutual high - «This feels great, but I think we should dry off and get dressed.» «It has been a huge day, and I must admit I am pretty tired.» I agreed and she then added «Listen, why don't you spend the night in the guestroom?» «We've both had several beers and it is quite late.» «I don't want you to have to drive home.» I thought maybe we might share her bed, but I understood her concerns about the nature of our relationship. «Sure, that would be great" I said, «Let's get some sleep.»

I watched her get out of the wet panties and dry off with a towel from the bathroom. She went to her dresser for some pajamas. She pulled out a nice pair of plaid cotton pajamas, then said «Hey, do you remember these?» She was holding up a pair of light blue leggings that I immediately remembered from our past. «I think I peed in these more than a few times didn't I?» «Yes you did Jen; I loved those on you.» Memories flooded back, seeing her standing in the middle of my old apartment, pee streams racing down the legs of those very leggings, with a giant pee pool spreading around her feet.

«I think they should still fit well» she said as she started to slip them on instead of the pajamas. She was a beautiful sight in the leggings, every sexy detail of her body outlined in the light blue cotton. «Do you think they would still look good wet?» she asked, turning to look at her backside in the mirror. «Absolutely!» I said, wondering if she was just trying to taunt me. «With the beers we had earlier, I really have to pee bad again,» she teased. «I was just going to go to the toilet before bed, but that seems a waste of these leggings now.» I told her I couldn't agree more.

She replied «I could make it to the bathroom in time right now» she said «or I could just stand here and wet my pants - what do you think?» I could hardly stand her teasing…»Jen…just let it go…flood your pants…please…»

She had her feet just a couple of inches apart, and as I focused on my favorite old leggings she said «Ahhhh… I just let go…here it comes…»

All at once a dark circle spread out from the crotch of her pants and I heard the hiss as she totally relaxed her full bladder. The wetness spread rapidly across the top, and then down her beautiful legs. She was letting it all go at once, eyes half closed, an expression of bliss on her face. The sight of my pretty ex standing in her bedroom intentionally peeing herself for me was just unbelievable. «This feels so good - I love it..» she sighed. I watched the pee glistening in the light as it ran down her legs unrelenting, and a puddle spreading out around her feet. Finally the flood ran out, and we were again totally worked up. «Let's clean you up again shall we?» I volunteered.

I peeled the soaked leggings down her legs and then wiped her dry once again. We were both totally turned on again, but much too tired to do anything about it at the moment. She put on some dry panties and the plaid pajamas finally, and we decided to just head to bed for the night; but, I know that I had to take care of things myself once I got into the guest room, and I'm pretty sure as I was drifting off to sleep that I heard her doing the same from across the hall…

Joe

