From Dusk to Dawn With Danielle

3rd February 2008, 08:15 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Kiki awoke a few hours into the night. It took her a few seconds to recognize the person lying next to her. She grinned as she could just make out Danielle's naked body spread comfortably beside her. Kiki's bladder was starting to bother her and she wondered if she could pee without disturbing Danielle. Kiki rolled over on her side to face Danielle. Sighing, she carefully let a little of her pee trickle out, licking her lips as the wetness of the mattress began to warm her bottom.

Danielle squirmed a little and instinctively, Kiki cut off her flow. She watched as Danielle rolled over onto her stomach and seconds later began to snore lightly. Kiki released her hold again and allowed her pee to continue trickling silently. As she peed quietly, Danielle squirmed again. Kiki stopped peeing to watch Danielle. Instead of snoring more, to Kiki's surprise, a hissing sound could be heard from beneath the covers. Danielle was peeing in her sleep.

The flow must have been strong because Kiki could feel tiny splashes against her own legs and the hissing was very loud in the stillness of the room. Very quickly, the sheets under both of them became saturated. This was all Kiki needed. Feeling daring, she draped her right leg over top of Danielle and scooted closer to her. Biting her lip, Kiki let loose and peed full force against Danielle's leg.

Danielle squirmed again and Kiki thought she heard her moan. There was no stopping her flow, now, however, and she continued to spray her urine all over Danielle's bare leg. Her flow finally stopped and she smiled at the dwindling sound of Danielle's pee as it continued to soak the bed.

Keeping her leg in its comfortable position, Kiki closed her eyes and quickly fell asleep.

In the morning, Kiki awoke to the feeling of Danielle running her fingertips across her belly. Danielle was sitting cross-legged on the bed, staring earnestly at Kiki's naked body. «Good morning, sunshine,» Danielle whispered. Kiki smiled and stretched and right away felt that her bladder needed relief. Without warning, she let go and peed loudly as Danielle watched. It splashed against the mattress and Kiki could feel drops of it on her thighs. It pooled warmly between her legs and seemed to go on and on. When it finally stopped, Kiki moaned and stared at Danielle.

«Your turn.» Without hesitation, Danielle bit her lip, closed her eyes, and let go with a sigh. Her pee sprayed out with such a loud hiss that it splashed her legs and feet and flooded the mattress almost immediately.

«Oh, God,» she moaned. «Mmm, I had to pee so bad.» Kiki reached her hand into the pool at Danielle's crotch and began to stroke her clitoris. She felt the continuing stream splash her fingers. «What are you doing?» Danielle asked.

«Just keep going,» Kiki whispered. She slipped her fingers into Danielle's vagina and within seconds Danielle began to gasp as she continued to pee. Her gasps became screams as she finally cried out and collapsed blissfully onto the bed, still panting.

«Oh, wow, that was amazing.» Kiki smiled as she lay back on the bed next to Danielle. «By the way, did you pee on me last night?»

«Yes, I did, but I thought you were asleep. Sorry.»

«Well, I was kind of half and half. I was having this dream about being in swim class with you, Tara, and Dawn. We were in the locker rooms, getting ready for class and Tara said she had to pee before getting her suit on. So she just stood there naked and peed all over the locker room floor. You just smiled, sat down on one of the benches, and peed all over the floor, too. I didn't really have to go yet, so we all tugged our bathing suits on and went to the pool.

After some sets, I finally felt like I had to go, so I swam over to you and told you my situation. «Just go in the pool,' you said. «I'm about to go anyway.' I let go and I think I was peeing for real, but I was still in the dream, so I don't know. Anyway, you pulled my leg close to you and put it between yours. That's when I felt it, a strong spray against my leg and I think I could sort of really see you, peeing on my leg, so I just let go totally and pissed myself. Then, the dream was over and I don't remember much after that other than sleep.»

Kiki's only response was Mmm. She then had a delicious thought. «We've got to go swimming.»

