Tammy and Scott Continued: The Next Morning

3rd March 2011, 03:54 AM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Don't get too much feedback on my stories so I thought maybe they were too long. I made this one shorter for you all.

...Tammy, spent and well satisfied, spooned next to me and went sound to sleep. Her ass is pressed to my cock and she is still wearing the wettest, messiest pair of panties

I have ever had the privilege of playing with. I pissed into my underwear and onto her ass one more time before falling into a deep and blissful sleep myself. I am going to sleep wondering if she will change those panties in the morning....

I woke up before Tammy the next morning with a raging piss hard-on. My underwear had dried some during the night but was still a little damp. I love that feeling. The damp cloth against my cock and balls made me instantly horny. I quietly got up, wanting to let my sweet wife sleep as long as she could. As I made my way to the bathroom the memories of the night before began making their way into my foggy brain. I flipped on the light and stood before the mirror. As I examined myself, my eyes were instantly drawn to my underwear. What a mess. As usual I didn't pee right away and my hard-on was pointed straight out. I reached in and pointed my cock up toward my belly as much as possible. I love to watch the wetness spread in the cloth and have learned with experience that if my cock is pointed straight out my piss runs straight through and doesn't leave much of a wet spot.

For lack of a better way to describe it, I could smell the «sex» from the night before as I rearranged my cock. Maybe you know what I'm talking about; a combination of my cum and piss and Tammy's cum and piss. And maybe this time there was even a little of Scotts cum and piss thrown in for good measure. That smell always triggers a renewed sexual feeling in me and I was even more turned on. As I brushed my teeth I let loose a small amount of piss into my underwear; part of my normal morning routine, by the way. I love watching the wetness soak down outlining my cock as it goes.

I decided to take a shower wearing my messy underwear. They needed washing anyway and I love showering in them. I quite wandering why years ago and just enjoy it. I had just stepped into the shower and Tammy walked into the bathroom. When she saw me in the shower sporting a massive hard on in my briefs she just grinned. «Good morning little lady» I said. All she had on was those nasty panties from the night before. Everything had dried a little and had turned those previously pristine white panties to mostly a pale yellow. She didn't say a word and began brushing her teeth.

I was worried that something was wrong but after brushing she turned and stepped into the shower also wearing her panties. She looked up into my eyes and hugged me tightly. I couldn't resist placing my hands on her ass and drawing her to me as tightly as possible. The warm water was running down my back but Tammy was still dry. Suddenly I felt her warm morning pee running down my leg as she let go through her panties. As she peed she slowly pushed me back till the shower was pouring down over both of us and kissed me long and hard.

I finished my on morning pee letting it wash through my underwear along with the shower water. As I did, we continued holding each other tightly and kissing. I knew my pee was also washing through her panties as well and was wondering if she even realized it because of the warm shower water. I was rubbing her ass and loving the feel of those wet panties.

Finally we broke the kiss and Tammy stepped back. I took in the sight before me. Her red hair now with wet bangs streaking down her forehead, her bright and, I might add, mischievous blue eyes, then on to her beautiful smile. My eyes continue the trip slowly down her beautiful body stopping briefly on her lovely breast then on down to the ultimate destination; her beautiful pussy. Her neatly trimmed dark red bush was now quite visible through those tight wet panties.

Tammy reached for the soap and I watch, mesmerized, as she lathered her chest ,taking more time than necessary with her breast then moving down to her belly. All the time she was looking into my eyes as I watched her soapy hands rub gently over her body; taking the soap and lathering the outside of her panties then running her hand inside lathering her bush, the soap bubbles washing through the cloth and down her legs, the stains of the night before washing away with them. She then handed the soap to me and turned her back to me, raising her hair as I began washing her back and then her panty covered ass. She turned again, taking the soap and rubbing it over my chest then my cock through my on wet briefs and finally inside rubbing and lathering my cock. I was dying. I swear the desire was about to make my heart burst. Just as I was about to reach the point of no return, Tammy backed away and quietly said «easy baby, we've got all day».

