Beach House 12: Shopping Trip 3

30th July 2012, 09:34 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After a few hours of shopping around, the girls were ready for lunch. All four of them carried bags with new outfits: skirts, dresses, tops, jeans, and new panties. As they rummaged through their bags and shared their purchases, they all giggled at how many of the clothes may have been bought for «convenience.»

They arrived at the food court and chose a booth along the wall. Most of the customers were seated in the center of the court, so this would allow them some privacy as they enjoyed their lunch.

Kiki and Lara agreed to stay behind with the bags while Cheryl and Danielle went to order the food. Once they were alone, Kiki looked at Lara suspiciously.

«Okay, girl, spill it. You're taking to this thing really fast. I'm guessing you're not as new to this as I thought?»

Lara cleared her throat. «What do you mean?»

«You can't tell me that this week has been your first experience with wetting yourself. So let's hear it.»

Lara smiled as she confessed to Kiki that it wasn't her first experience. She had a roommate at college, Susan, who often returned to the room late and intoxicated. Normally, Susan slept on the top bunk. The last day of the semester, Susan returned and begged Lara to take the top bunk, claiming that she was too drunk to climb the ladder. Lara reluctantly agreed. After unsuccessfully trying to get comfortable, Lara heard Susan squirming a lot in the bed under her. Then, Susan sighed and Lara's eyes widened as she heard a soft hissing and burbling sound. Susan was peeing in Lara's bed. What could she say? Lara felt a mix of revulsion, anger, and strange curiosity. Susan was gasping and moaning, clearly enjoying what she was doing. Lara wasn't sure why she decided to do what she did next, but it was almost as if her body was acting on its own. She lay on her back, removed her panties

, spread her legs, and peed fully into the bed. The warmth made her gasp as her pee sprayed over her thighs and squirted the mattress. It pooled at her crotch and she could feel it soaking the mattress beneath her bottom. She finally could not stifle a gasp as she touched her clitoris gently and within seconds she was coming. Not caring if her roommate heard her, Lara cried out and rubbed herself furiously while her pee still trickled out of her. When she finished, she slumped back comfortably into the bed, closed her eyes, and fell asleep.

«Wow,» Kiki said. «So… what happened after that?»

«Well, the next morning we both swore not to tell anyone what happened. And since our beds were still wet, we just emptied our bladders again, got dressed, and that was it. I haven't seen her since and that was the last time I did anything like that… until this week, of course.»

Cheryl and Danielle finally arrived with the food and four large drinks. They all smiled wide-eyed at the big cups of soda. «What were you two up to?» Cheryl asked.

«Lara was just telling me about a pee experience she had in college.»

«Mmm… speaking of,» Cheryl said. She spread her legs, sighed deeply, and seconds later the girls could just barely hear soft hissing under the table. «Oh, that's nice,» Cheryl moaned. The cushion beneath her was thick so she could feel her warm pee pooling under her bottom. She pushed harder and peed full force and finally a few trickles began to drip onto the floor at her feet.

«Okay,» Kiki said, «I can't wait any longer.» Unlike her mother, though, Kiki sat up a bit and lifted her skirt out of the way. She bit her lip as she felt the soft cushion against her bare vagina. This was her favorite feeling ever, squirting her pee directly into soft material. She gasped as she let loose and immediately her pee soaked the cushion under her. The warmth engulfed her vagina as she peed full force into the cushion, delighting in the soft hiss it made. «Mmm… mmm… that is… so nice. Oh, Lara, you have to try this… Oh.» Kiki bit her lip again and squealed as she continued to soak the cushion.

Lara smiled as she reached under her skirt and removed her panties

. Following her friend's example, she lifted her skirt out of the way and sat down, grinning at the feeling of the cushion against her bottom. She pressed her legs together as if she were on the toilet and sighed. Her pee trickled out at first and then finally she moaned as she closed her eyes and started peeing fully into the cushion. The warmth as her pee soaked into the cushion was incredible and she could not stifle a gasp. «Ooohhh… wow… uhhhh.» The spray of her pee tickled her clitoris as she let loose into the cushion. When she opened her eyes she saw Kiki and Cheryl, watching her intently, both of them with their hands tucked discretely under the table.

Without saying a word, Danielle looked around to see if anyone was watching them. When she saw that there was no one even close to them, she scooted forward in her seat, lifted her skirt, and sighed as she peed freely onto the floor. Cheryl gasped as some of Danielle's spray struck her leg. «Sorry,» Danielle said.

«Don't stop,» Cheryl whispered. Danielle scooted forward a bit more and pushed harder. Her warm pee sprayed uncontrollably all over her thighs and splashed loudly onto the floor, but she did not care. She licked her lips as small trickles of it snaked down her legs.

All four girls bit their lips as they gasped, trying to quiet their oncoming orgasms. They each made eye contact with each other, delighting in their friends' shared brazen behavior, until one by one they climaxed as discretely as possible, panting and gasping softly.

When they were finished, they sat up, adjusted their skirts, and smiled at each other.

«Well, now I'm hungry,» Danielle said.

