My own Mrs Robinson part 3

19th December 2010, 12:02 AM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Mrs Robinson's Party

The party was exciting me for two reasons, firstly, because with a bit of luck, I was going to have a steamy session with Irene, and secondly, because there was going to be a lot of beer, about thirty revellers, and only one toilet, you do the maths. At the very least I was going to see some desperation, but with the beach only about a hundred and fifty yards away, I was fairly sure, with a bit of care, I was going to see some drunken peeing.

My plans were thwarted slightly by a cottage party rule... when the toilet traffic got heavy, the toilet was for ladies only, gents had to use the downstairs shower and 'flush' with cold water. A little unfair I thought since the shower room was just off the utility room, with no door, just a wooden screen, its a good job guys are used to seeing each other pee!.

The party started slowly, a few early birds, but the cousins and and some of the guests were meeting at a pub first and joining the rest of us at about nine-ish. Chris introduced me to Penny, and I could see his attraction, tall, blonde and wearing a skirt that barely covered her modesty, so that whenever she bent over, even a couple of degrees off the vertical, we were treated to a very tantalising glimpse of silver knickers. Chris wasn't too pleased when I pointed that what with the shortness of the skirt, and the fact that her underwear was silver, meant that it was clearly meant to be seen.

"you'll have to keep an eye on that one mate" I said " she's really out to party with a capital P"...

"hands off" he said.

Penny greeted me like a long lost friend...

" Martin, I've heard so much about you"... and with that she planted a huge kiss straight on my mouth, with just a fleeting dart of tongue on my lips. I was right, Chris WAS going to have to keep his eye on that one!.

Everyone seemed to be in a party mood and the booze was flowing freely, I was doing my usual party trick, two soft drinks for every alcoholic one, my tipple of choice at parties at that time was some kind of spirit with coke, vodka, dark rum, bacardi, even whisky or brandy if pushed. Tonight it was dark rum which has the advantage that even a tiny amount flavours the coke strongly, so its easy to get away with half measures, and I wanted to keep my wits about me that night!.

Irene on the other hand was well into party mode, mixing drinks, neat spirits, cocktails all going down at an alarming rate. I was starting to get worried, I had no problem playing around with someone who was just a little less inhibited through drink, I've even enjoyed seeing very drunk people wetting themselves, but in such cases I have a strict 'no hands on policy, sure I may have copped a crafty feel of a pee soaked bottom on occasion, and even seen more than I should when helping to put passed out flatmates to bed, but a guy has to have some morals.

It was only nine thirty, the last of the crowd from the pub had just arrived, when Irene, wandered over to me, definately tipsy, but in control, even the casual hand on my bum and a little squeeze didn't seem out of place, especially since she was doing it to a number of people, girls included. Julie came up to me and said "don't mind auntie Irene, she always gets like this at parties, she won't remember any of this in the morning" Now I was starting to get even more concerned, it was beginning to look like Irene was going to be 'off limits' tonight. Time for a back-up plan I thought and started to scan the crowd for someone to talk to. I wandered over to chat to Chris who was really beginning to show the signs of 'party fatigue' swaying slightly, eyes clearly not focussing and his hand wandering over Penny's bottom, not that she appeared to mind.

"christ, how much as he had?" I asked Penny,

"not much, just the same as me" she said "he'll be ok".

I wasn't so sure, but as the coke was beginning to filter through me I decided to go and take a leak. I was half minded to wander down to the beach for an al-fresco pee, but opted for the house instead. The ladies only rule seemed to be in operation as there was a queue halfway up the stairs, I pause for a second or two to see if there were any desperation sights to be seen, but everyone seemed to be well in control, no joy there, so I headed to the shower. I could hear someone pissing behind the screen, but I figured he wouldn't mind me joining him, it was a big shower, easily six feet wide, so it wasn't like we'd be touching or anything. Rounding the screen I was met with a very tantalizing sight, Samantha, one of Chris's cousins was in there, holding the cock of alocal lad, who was leaning against the wall with both hands while she directed his stream down the drain

"don't mind me", she said "just lending a hand, he needs both of his just to stand up straight"

"no problem, carry on" I grinned, and facing away from them, directed my own stream down the wall.

"what do I do, shake or wring it?" she said "

I laughed " I'd just give it a little shake" I said " if you wring it too much, it won't be just pee you'll have to shower away"

"No chance of that" Samantha replied "he's well past the point of no return, terminal brewers droop, I've already tried"

My cock twitched in my hand

"no problem there though I see"

I turned to see Samantha peering over my shoulder and my cock twitched again. God I love this family I thought.

"can I leave you to flush" she said, "I have to get this one back before he falls over".

Before I could think of a witty reply she was leading the unfortunate guy out of the shower. she said,

"if you need a hand yourself later, give me a shout"

My thoughts raced, did she mean it, or was she just teasing? who knows? I thought to myself, with this family it could be either. Zipping up a slightly excited cock, I showered away the piss and joined the party.

I went outside and socialised for a while, keeping an eye on Irene who was having a great time and getting more flirty and outrageous by the minute, I wandered down to the beach where there were couples snogging and groping, took the opportunity for a quick pee even though I didn't really need one and was pleased to note I was being watched all the while by the female half of one of the couples. Walking back to the party, I reflected that things weren't going exactly as planned, Irene was obviously close to being drunk and incapable, it was too dark at the beach to see any peeing action and pretty much everyone seemed to be part of a couple. Ah well, there was always the queue on the stairs for the ladies, there must be some desperation by now, walking through the cottage gate I saw a very drunk Chris, being supported by Penny.

"How is he?" I asked,

"pissed as a fart" Penny replied, "can you help me get him to the loo, I'll never get him upstairs by myself."

"You won't get him upstairs at all, the ladies only rule has taken effect, but I'll give you a hand to get him to the downstairs shower"

Between us we managed to get Chris into the house, passing Irene on the way, she looked momentarily concerned

"is Chris OK?", "he's fine" I said "just needs to pee"

She nodded and Penny and I dragged Chris into the shower, Chris was barely able to stand, so I held him, while he tried to get his cock out, after three failed attempts at his zip I said to the waiting Penny,

"you'll have to help him "...

"Me?" she said "yes you, He's a good mate but I draw the line at handling his cock. besides, I'm guessing its not the first time you've touched his cock today"

Penny blushed, and quickly unzipped Chris, taking out his cock she told him to try not to piss on his shoes, making no attempt to hold himself, Chris sighed and let an enormous horse pee cascade to the floor, Penny stepping quickly out of the way to avoid the splash. She took a tissue from her handbag and gently wiped the tip of Chris's cock before tucking it away, I couldn't help smiling, only a girl would think of that. I dumped Chris on the chair just outside the screen and though I didn't need to go, said

"Now I need to pee",

"me too said" Penny...

"Well I won't look if you don't" I said and stepped behind the screen. Penny followed me in, so making sure she was watching, I took out my cock and peed in an arc in the general direction of the drain, I was disappointed that Penny didn't squat and pee too, but it was exciting and horny to be watched by her anyway.

" Thought you needed to pee" I said,

Penny smiled, "I am" and sure enough when I looked closely, she'd kicked off her flip-flops and was standing, legs apart, with pee running down her leg,

"I was pissing last time you spoke to me too" She lifted her skirt and showed me, I could just see the last drops trickling out of the elastic.

"Wow", I managed to say at last "neat trick"

"quarter pint bladder" she said, "so if I know I'm going to be outside, silver knickers don't show a wet patch and a micro skirt never gets in the way, so whether I'm sitting on the beach, or just the grass, or standing chatting to people at a party, I just let go, and nobody is any the wiser. I carry a second pair of knickers in my handbag for going home. Normally it's just for my benefit, but it does make me excited, then the lucky guy or girl I'm with gets to reap the benefits, not that he's getting lucky tonight" she said looking at the sleeping Chris. "Lets get him out of here"

We took Chris and put him on a chair in the lounge, before going to get some drinks, double shot of rum in my coke for me, no point in being too sober now, I thought. Penny and I headed outside, looking around it seemed that I was the only sober guy at the party, more fool me. Irene was still being her flirty self and I voiced my concern

"she's going to have a terrible hangover in the morning"

Penny replied " Oh don't worry about Irene, any time now she'll announce that she's had enough and she's going to bed, tomorrow she'll be bright eyed and bushy tailed, I don't know how she does it"

Sure enough about fifteen minutes later Irene announced that she was going for a walk along the beach to clear her head, and then she was off to bed. There was some concern about letting Irene go off walking by herself, Julie tried to get her to go indoors, but Irene was adamant. Penny eventually said

"its OK, I'll walk with Irene for a while and make sure she gets back ok"

I immediately felt guilty, maybe I should have volunteered, but it hadn't seemed right, a young bloke offering to take a woman, old enough to be his mother, out for a drunken walk, but really, if I was honest, I half wanted to see if Samantha was serious about offering to help me to pee. Whatever dilemma I might have been in was solved when Penny said

"maybe you could come with me in case Irene needs help getting back"

Obviously I had to say yes, even if I hadn't felt guilty, it was still the right thing to do.

We headed off towards the beach, Irene sandwiched between Penny and myself, passing a few people along the way, either sitting chatting or wrapped around each other and I couldn't help but feel a litle envious. Rounding a slight bend on the beach and just out of sight of anyone from the party, Penny suddenly said "its OK" .When Irene stood up straight and said "thank goodness for that" I have to admit that I was very confused.

Penny said "I'll walk with you to the next path up to the road and then head off home" and then I was even more confused and said so.

"You dolt" Penny said "you were supposed to gallantly offer to walk with Irene to make sure she was OK, honestly, some men!!"

" I'm still not with it" I said.

"Look, there's absolutely nothing wrong with Irene, she's been pouring most of her drinks away and only drinking water and lemonade all night, right Irene"

Irene nodded "I usually pretend to drink more than I actually do at parties here, I feel responsible for all these youngsters but I want to keep an eye on things without letting anyone know I'm doing it, that way they think they have a lot of freedom to do what they want, but really, I'm here if I have to take charge"

"and Penny knew all along" I said,

"of course she did"

"and this was all planned?"

"Right up to the part where you were supposed to make sure Irene was all right"

"So you know about me and Irene?"

"yes, she told me the first night you were here"

"But what about Chris?, does he know?

"Of course not" said Penny, and he must never find out"

"But, but, what about you and Chris, I thought you and he..."

"I couldn't do anything with Chris, he's like a brother to me, and when he wises up, he'll realise that himself, normally he's too shy to try anything, but he seems to be getting a little bolder since he went to university"

I thought guiltily to myself, that that was probably my fault, Chris and I had gone on many 'pulling' sprees at university and I'd always impressed on him to be natural, don't try too hard to impress, talk about things you like and are familiar with, listen to what the girl has to say, and if you want to kiss her, ask her if you can... very few girls will say no, and then the ice is broken...and if you want to take things further, say so... apparently he'd taken the last part to heart.

But how did you know he'd get drunk?

Oh that was easy, everytime he came back with drinks, I'd swap them, he was trying to get me tipsy so the doubles meant for me were going to him.

"And I thought guys were devious"

We chatted more as we walked, it transpired that Penny's mother had died when Penny was eight and Irene had provided much of the advice that a mother would provide, and when at age sixteen Penny had come to Irene in tears about a weak bladder, Irene, who could sympathise, suggested one of her own coping strategies, except Irene used to wear long skirts and no knickers, which, as it turned out, was exactly what she'd done that night!

Penny kissed first Irene, and then me full on the mouth, this time her tongue slipped past my lips and caressed mine and at the same time one of her hands rubbed my cock through my Jeans

"I Think you'll be in for a fun time tonight" she said to Irene

And with that she took the short track that led up to the road.. Irene and I continued along the beach for a short distance and then without warning Irene said

"skinny dip"

And with that she took off her dress in one fluid moment, tossed it aside and ran into the sea, it took me a little longer to take my own clothes off, however I was only seconds behind her as she waded out waist deep. I playfully splashed her , but with a seconds pause to take a breath, Irene dived under the water and surfaced beside me, throwing me off balance and giving me a good ducking. The cold water which made her nipples stand to attention, had the opposite effect on my cock, so that when Irene grabbed it under water, it was completely limp. She held me gently and then started to wank me slowly, after about five or six strokes I rewarded her by peeing in her hand, her eyes opened wide in surprise as she felt the warmth around her hand, then grabbing my kneck she wrapped her legs around my waist and pressed her pussy against me, letting out a stream of her own.

"Just a little bit" she whispered in my ear "there's plenty more"

The tip of my cock slipped just inside the entrance of Irene's warm wet hole and she started to kiss me, not a little peck, but a full blown lovers kiss, lips clamped firmly over mine, our tongues exploring each others mouths. It was then I decided to surprise her further and with supreme concentration, I started to pee inside her pussy, just a little trickle. A look of puzzlement was quickly replaced by a look of suden understanding, and then Irene surprised me by impaling herself fully on my throbbing cock. Grinding herself against me she said simply

"More"

I let more pee into her willing hole and she slowly started to fuck me, each time my cock nearly left her pussy, she squeezed her muscles and I felt my pee flood back at me. Her pace quickened and I was only managing to send out a squirt maybe every six or seven thrusts, soon I felt her muscles start to spasm and thrusting herself firmly against me Irene started to hump and grind to a shuddering climax, which was quickly followed by a huge flood of pee.

I put my hands down to her bottom, spreading her cheeks and lightly fingering her puckered asshole I started to fuck her hard. As I felt Irene start to spasm again I inserted the first joint of my finger into her tight hole, she let ot a moan and buried her face in my neck. Pushing herself down hard on both my finger and cock, Irene bit my neck and shuddered and squirmed to a second climax once again rewarding me with a gush of hot piss. As soon as I felt this my own muscles started to twitch and I could feel the familiar pressure building in my cock and balls, with a grunt I emptied my hot cream inside her, pulling her hard againt me and pumping my cum deep inside.

My knees nearly gave way under me, and staggering slightly I regained my balance and waded out of the water, Irene still clamped againt me, shuddering slightly. We lay together on the sand for a while, I ran my fingers up and down her body and teased her pussy, but we were both pretty much shagged out.

