Finally Feeling Welcome part 4

20th November 2015, 06:12 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I've been meaning to post part four for some time. If you would like to read the previous three parts, you'll find them in the story files.

Finally Feeling Welcome 4

I was certain I was in serious trouble and was beginning to wonder if I'd need to find another place to live. It was kind of like sitting on pins and needles for the next few days. I started feeling guilty about venturing into Ms Clarks bedroom, even if what happened wasn't entirely my fault. After all, if your living with an older, very sexy lady and she has a casual attitude about wetting her pants, 'whats a guy to do'. If she's as sexy and curvy as Cindy, well, it can't be helped. Still, I didn't want to miss even more of her peculiar habit by being asked to leave. During most of that week, Cindy never changed her mannerisms or indicated that she was concerned that I'd been playing with her panties. Hell, half the time she still wasn't even closing her bedroom door. Twice, I was rewarded when she walked from the bathroom to her room, her gorgeous butt incased in beige Maiden Form control panties.

Finally, Jesse announced she was spending the weekend with a girlfriend at the beach.

It was Friday evening, Jesse had already left by the time I got home from my after school job. Being home alone, I decided to catch an evening of television. A note on the kitchen table indicated that Cindy was out and about, again with her best friend Karen. A national swimsuit contest was being broadcast on cable, so I watched these beautiful ladies strut across the stage with my hand in my pants. I was just wondering how I should finish my erection when Cindy and Karen surprised me, walking through the front door. They started giggling as soon as they caught sight of me on the sofa. Neither one was feeling any pain and I was sure they were high as well as drunk. I said I was a little concerned about that, but at my behest, they agreed, "no more driving". That just started even more giggling and I couldn't help noticing Karen was using her right hand to cup her pussy.

I've told you to no end how sexy Cindy can be when she wants, but Karen is a real "head turner" as well. When they walked in inebriated and surprised me with my hand in my pants, it was almost too much. I only had a couple of seconds to check the way these two babes were dressed before needing to make eye contact. They both wore long sleeve sweaters cut low to expose a lot of cleavage. The sweaters reached just to their waists, not coming close to covering their midriff or their very tight Wrangler jeans. They were faded in all the right places and of course, almost painted on. Mule style sandals only accentuating two beautiful bottoms. These ladies were hot, really hot and then it started.

"Started", I say. Well just after I removed my hand from my pants, Cindy with a devilish look, confided to Karen. I still wasn't taking my eyes away from Karen as she wiggled her lovely ass past where I was, on her way into the kitchen. I couldn't miss the small wet patch evident on the seat of her blue jeans. It was still within the confines of the double crotch band evident on her lower ass. Cindy on the other hand couldn't resist and 'started'.

"Karen, honey, here he is, my little panty sniffer. He never misses an opportunity to smell my underwear. Last weekend I caught him with my panties up to his nose as he was cumin in his. Now I think its our turn, shouldn't we have a little fun with this?" Karen then replied from the kitchen, "My, you sure sound like a naughty boy, should I make you a drink as well. Then we'll need to discuss your little problem. By the way, I'm sure that by now you realize that the lovely Mrs. Clark sometimes goes to the toilet in her pants. Does smelling her peed panties really excite you?"

Karen promptly returned with vodka tonics for Cindy and I. She was all to casually bending over, exposing her braless tits, while handing me my drink. They really were gorgeous too, except that I couldn't miss an expanding wet patch at the "V" between her legs. It hadn't been there when they arrived. She turned back towards the kitchen for her own cocktail. The wetness on her ass had spread and was now entirely surrounding a sexy double crotch band showing through her jeans. Was this naughty little bitch deliberately pissing in her jeans? I couldn't help wondering if this was all for my benefit. What was going on?

Re-entering the living room with her drink, she stood next to Cindy with her legs slightly spread in one of those provocative poses that women take when they want to really screw with you. "Cindy, what are we going to do with him? If he likes ladies panties so much, maybe we should just see how much? Besides, I've been dribbling a bit since we arrived and pretty soon I'll need to change into something dry. Oops, oh my, I'm doing some more right now. I hope I don't embarrass myself in front of this young man. But then Cindy, why would he mind, he must be used to all the peed in panties you leave lying around."

Karen just stood in front of me looking at the rapidly expanding bulge in my pants. I thought I could detect a slight hissing sound over Cindy's now almost continuous giggling as she watched her friend part her legs and bend forward slightly, wetness gradually spreading down the insides of her Wranglers.

I'm of course, still sitting on the sofa with two beautiful women standing in front of me, one watching the other casually wetting her pants. All it was going to take, was one more comment from Cindy, because then she says, "Karen, honey, look your making a little puddle on the floor, do you want me to have him clean it up? Possibly you should go to the bedroom and I'll send him in to help you change out of those soppy underthings. That'd make you feel better, wouldn't it."

Maybe it would have made her feel better, but something else happened just in that instant. My own underwear became soaked in cum.

A mischievous grin was forming on Mrs. Clark's face. "Karen, honey, lets make him do it again?"

