Watersucker, Chapter 2

15th December 2012, 08:25 PM

Author: consch

Location: Toronto (Sex: Male) Posts: 23

When the two girls got on the school bus the next morning, David watched them intently. They sat in the same place they had the day before (school bus passengers don't usually pick out a different seat every day), so David would be able to see them for the entire bus ride. However, they didn't seem to be doing anything the slightest bit interesting. They didn't say anything, they didn't move once they were seated, and their expressions showed no emotion whatsoever. They appeared to have completely gotten over the events of the previous afternoon. Had the brunette gotten the blonde back? David tried to think about what form the revenge might have taken. And what exactly was it revenge for?

While the two girls did not seem moody, they also did not appear to be interested in talking, and David did not want to embarrass himself by trying to start a conversation with someone unfriendly. After awhile, David got bored with looking at them and turned to look out his window. He glanced back at the girls from time to time to see if anything had changed, but nothing did for the entire bus ride. After getting off the bus, David followed the two girls until, after less than twenty steps, the two girls turned down a corridor that led in the opposite direction to David's first class, at which point David realized that he needed to get on with the school day.

He tried asking several of his friends what the term "watersucker" meant, but none of them seemed to know. David did not see the two girls again until they were getting back on the school bus to go home, and during the ride the girls again did not do anything interesting and again did not appear interested in chatting either with each other or with David. David began to think that he had dreamed the entire incident up.

This possibility seemed more and more likely as the days wore on. David never saw the girls far outside of the school bus, and when he did see them their demeanor did not seem remotely playful or even sociable, nor did there appear to be any tension between them. It was as if they were two bodies controlled by one mind, patiently waiting for the bus ride to be over. After a week David got so bored with them that he started sitting in another row, so that he could watch students who were at least giving each other noogies and talking about cute classmates. Over time he forgot about the two girls altogether.

David's school was semestered, which meant that each student took four classes for the first half of the school year, then had two weeks off for Christmas, and then took four different classes for the second half of the school year. On the first day of classes after the Christmas break, for David's second class of the day, he decided to sit in the back row, near the door. Once class began, the teacher distributed course outlines, went over them with the class, and then told the students that they could talk quietly amonst themselves for the last fifteen minutes of class. As soon as David finished putting his binder back in his backpack, he heard a nearby, quiet, mischievous, sing-song, female voice say, "Stacy ... Watersucker."

It was a term David had forgotten about, but the first thing he remembered about it now that he was hearing it again was that it probably meant something very, very interesting. He immediately swiveled his head to find the source of the voice that had uttered it, and saw, immediately to his left, two familiar-looking girls: a blonde, sitting right next to David, and a brunette, sitting on the blonde's left. He had seen them on the school bus the previous semester, he now remembered, and they had been the very ones who had previously used the term whose meaning was still unclear. The girls were facing each other, so David could not see the blonde's face, but the brunette was smiling. David heard another female voice, presumably that of the blonde (Stacy?), say in a tone of pure horror, "No!"

The brunette looked straight at David, winked, and then looked back at Stacy. "Told you I'd get you back," the brunette said. "I'd say you've got about five seconds. Oh, and you remember him, right?" She nodded toward David. "I bet you didn't even notice him earlier."

To be fair, David hadn't noticed them, either.

Stacy looked at David, and the look of dread on her face was beyond anything David could remember seeing in his entire life. A few seconds later, the theoretical dread suddenly turned to practical panic as Stacy, just as the brunette had on the school bus all those weeks ago, quickly thrust both hands between her legs and squeezed her vulva tightly. She turned to face the brunette again. "Christine, this isn't fair," Stacy said, her voice cracking. "We were almost home!"

"I wasn't going to try to get you on the school bus," Christine replied. "That would have been too obvious. And I thought it only right that I should get you in front of him." She nodded at David again. "After all, he got to see one of us having to pee really bad." She reached over and started tickling Stacy's sides. "Why not the other?"

David liked Christine's reasoning.

Stacy started squirming around. The rest of the class did not appear to have noticed what was happening in the back row; the three of them were the only ones in that row, the two girls were talking fairly quietly, most of the other students were having their own conversations, and the desks made it difficult to see Stacy's legs from any other row. David, on the other hand, was enjoying the show immensely, and enjoyed it even more when Christine started laughing, hard but quietly. David really liked the way girls laughed after successfully pulling off a clever prank, and that was the way Christine was laughing now.

Stacy put one hand in the air while the other remained firmly in her crotch. When the teacher called on her, Stacy asked, in an impressively calm voice, "May I go to the bathroom?"

"You can't wait fifteen minutes?" the teacher asked incredulously.

"I guess I can," Stacy replied, embarrassed, and the teacher directed her attention elsewhere. Stacy put her hand from the air back into her crotch and started squeezing her vulva rhythmically while taking shallow breaths. The rest of the class still did not seem to realize that anything was out of the ordinary.

"Can you?" Christine asked teasingly. "You'd be cutting it pretty tight."

"I hate you," Stacy said without emotion.

"I bet you do. Just try not to think about waterfalls."

"Shut up!" Stacy said, crossing her legs and starting tense her thighs in phase with her squeezing hands while rocking back and forth.

"Yeah you're right, this isn't about other waterfalls, it's about you!" Christine said the "you" in a high-pitched tone while quickly sliding her hands up the inside of Stacy's shirt and then out again. "You have to pee really, really bad, but you can't leave class for another ten minutes. Are you going to make it? Or are you going to soak those tight jeans and make them glisten? That would be cute, you know. Moisture slowly spreading over your pants while you frantically tried to stop it. I would laugh so hard. Of course, you look pretty cute right now." She looked at David. "Don't you think she looks cute?" Stacy turned to look at David as well, and she was clearly still panicking, as well as annoyed with Christine.

"Ummm ..." David said, flustered.

"Yeah, you do," said Christine. To Stacy, who was turning back to look at Christine, Christine added, "I don't imagine he gets to see a show like this very often. Just be glad no one else can see you."

"This isn't over," Stacy said threateningly.

"Oh, not by a long shot. In fact, I think we're just starting to branch out."

For the rest of the class, Christine continued to laugh and tickle Stacy's sides while Stacy frantically squirmed around trying not to pee herself, her hands never leaving her crotch. When the bell rang, Stacy grabbed her backpack with one hand, uncrossed her legs, got up gingerly, and ran out of the classroom as well as she could while bent forward with her thighs close together and one hand squeezing her vulva tightly. She had to awkwardly open the classroom door with the same hand that was holding her backpack.

Christine bent over double laughing, then turned to David. "She does look cute when she's jiggling and squeezing her pussy like her life depends on it, doesn't she?" Christine asked.

"Um ..." David said again.

"I'm going to go check on her. Save room for us at your lunch table. I have a feeling this is going to be a really fun semester."

