The Genuine Munich Follies

26th October 2006, 06:20 PM

Author: peewee25

Location: Europe (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 52

I, Julian Blake, alias peewee25, hereby paste my original story, straight from my computer!

MUNICH FOLLIES

I had been staying at the guest house in Munich for four days, although from the amount of sperm stains on the sheets anyone might have been forgiven for thinking that it had been considerably longer. They weren't all mine. The longest had come from the beautiful young son of the landlady who sometimes made the bed and cleaned the room. On the second day of my stay I returned to my room after breakfast to find him standing over my bed and masturbating, obviously turned on by the sperm stains he had discovered. He was very embarrassed but I persuaded him to continue, taking out my own prick to encourage him.

He came very quickly, shooting a long stream of sperm right across the bed, giving me quite a complex. Masturbating two or three times a day meant that my offerings were very humble. But the great thing was being able to masturbate freely, without worrying about whether my wife would require my services that night. So far I had masturbated each night and morning, usually rubbing my prick against the sheet before going to sleep and in the morning throwing back the bedclothes and wanking while looking at myself in the mirror.

From the first morning the chambermaid had given me a knowing look after making my bed. The morning after the episode with the landlady's son, I was working in my room when she came in and I watched her face as she straightened out the bottom sheet. She smiled, blushed slightly and threw me a quick glance. I got great excitement out of leaving my mark and her reaction was, as usual, more than enough to give me an erection. I started to rub my penis through my trousers, subtly at first and then more obviously. The girl had obviously noticed what I was doing, but she pretended she hadn't and continued tidying my room.

I was sitting behind my desk and she couldn't actually see my hand, so I decided to go a stage further and free my rock-hard prick. I masturbated gently, not taking my eyes off the embarrassed but also intrigued and, I suspected, excited girl. She obviously wanted to see what I was doing but probably felt it was not right that a chambermaid should spy on the private habits of a guest. Starting from the premise that a guest could do what he liked in the room he was paying for, I decided to openly masturbate in front of her. I stood up and went to the mirror so that I could watch myself masturbating and see the chambermaid's reactions in the mirror. She could no longer pretend she couldn't see anything and I could see she was more excited than embarrassed.

"Do you masturbate?" I asked. She obviously didn't understand, so I tucked my prick between my legs so that only my pubic hairs were visible and mimed female masturbation. The chambermaid blushed - and then nodded.

"O.K. Come on, show me!" I mimed, crossing to lock the bedroom door.

"Nein, nein!" she giggled.

"Ja, Ja!" I insisted, and sat on the bed and continued to rub my prick.

She was obviously very worked up and her hand went towards her pubes. She squeezed her hand between her legs and from the look on her face I thought she was going to come on the spot. I moved toward her and undid her skirt. She slipped it down, together with her tights and knickers, sat on the chair and her fingers went straight to her fanny, two of them penetrating immediately. I was on the verge of ejaculating and I stood up and stood over her.

Her fingers moved swiftly in and out of her cunt and two fingers of her other hand flitted to and fro over her clitoris like a butterfly. She gave a moan, heaved upwards and clasped her legs together over both hands with a scream! I ejaculated immediately straight onto her hands and thighs and collapsed on the bed. Suddenly we were awoken from our semi-unconscious bliss by a knock at the door. It was the landlady's son. He said something in German and the chambermaid replied. I assumed he had heard the scream and wanted to know whether everything was all right.

Memories of the previous morning fresh in my mind, I had an idea. I went over to the door, sperm still oozing from my fast depleting prick, and opened it. The chambermaid tried hastily to get dressed, but without success. The Adonis entered and it was obvious that he thought I had just fucked the girl. He looked furious and I realized he was probably in love with her or something, so I hastily mimed male and female masturbation (I was getting rather good at this!) and put my hand gently on the front of his trousers.

Obviously relieved that his lover had not been unfaithful, he made no objection and I could feel his prick hardening under my touch. I pointed to the sperm-stained sheet and mimed that he should take his clothes off, once more locking the door. He glanced towards the chambermaid as if to ask permission. She was massaging my sperm into her damp pussy and her smile gave him all the encouragement he needed. He took his clothes off, folded them carefully over the back of the chair and lay on the bed, carressing his massively erect prick.

His girl friend was by this time masturbating vigorously again, and although I had already wanked twice since waking, things were beginning to stir yet again between my legs. I sat on the bed next to the Adonis and revelled in the deft movement of his hand. With every rub it changed its position slightly as if to extract maximum sensation from every square millimetre of his prick.

He stopped for a moment, removed his hand from his penis and smiled at me. I did not need asking twice. I lay down, my head level with his prick and took the throbbing member in my mouth. I hadn't done this for such a long time - not since my last porno cinema visit in London. But that was a rather sweaty businessman whose pants smelt of stale pee - this was sheer bliss. The boy's pre-cum juices were like nectar on my lips. My own prick was pretty hard by now and my hand dropped down to encourage it further.

I shifted my head round a little so that I could also see the girl masturbating. The whole room was throbbing with pre-orgasmic energy. The boy started shuddering, and suddenly he gave a heave and a cry and shot a stream of warm salty sperm into my mouth. I came immediately - just a pathetic dribble this time, though the orgasm was monumental. A muffled scream from the chambermaid signalled that she had joined us. They both suddenly leapt up, dressed and dashed out of the room as if nothing had happened, leaving me exhausted on the bed, the boy's sperm still trickling from my mouth. Unfortunately, neither of them came to my room again, the landlady herself assuming the role of chambermaid. I never got to know her reactions to the sperm stains.

So where do I go from here? The first few days' tour of the sex shops had not produced much. The gay films were pretty boring - men fucking each other up the arse leaves me cold - although there had been quite a bit of wanking going on in the audience. A rather fat and greasy man had tried to get me to wank him but his prick was so small and sticky that I could not bring myself to touch him and left. I did find a couple of "homo" video booths with wanking films but there was not enough wanking to warrant continually feeding the machine with marks.

I went to a couple of peepshows and wanked into the plastic rubbish bin and spent ten marks on a "Nude encounter" where a rather ugly young woman with black teeth talked dirty in atrocious English, half-heartedly rubbed her pussy and tried to encourage me to wank in front of her. She seemed rather offended that I didn't want to. My tour of the Munich public urinals had also produced very little; I saw quite a bit of open wanking, but everyone seemed to want to keep himself to himself, unlike my favourite haunt at home where I can always find someone to wank and who will readily wank me.

The fifth day, however, proved to be the turning point. I decided to ring the changes and go to the swimming pool. I had heard that this particular swimming pool had something of a «reputation», so I was hoping for the best. It was relatively crowded and there were quite a few nubile young men around. The showers were open and a group of teenagers were soaping themselves down amid rather lewd laughter, so as I was changing I had a good view of some deliciously young pricks, some actually in a state of semi-erection between soapy hands. This made putting on my swimming trunks a rather tricky operation and I had to tuck my prick well back to avoid displaying my erection. My difficulty was noticed by at least one young man who gave me a friendly smile and briefly mimed wanking at me. As he was getting dressed and presumably about to leave, I couldn't expect anything from him, but it was a good sign!

I made my way to the pool and dived into the deep end. There were too many people to make swimming a pleasure, so after about ten minutes of slaloming from one end of the pool to the other, I got out, bought myself an orange juice and found a vacant chair. The man next to me was reading a magazine in a semi-dozing state, so I didn't disturb him. However, after a while I noticed that his eyes were fixed on my bathing trunks and that his right hand was visibly moving under the magazine on his lap. I looked down and noticed to my horror that my balls were half hanging out of my rather brief swimming trunks! I crossed my legs and did what I could to adjust myself. My neighbour smiled at me and briefly lifted his magazine to reveal a very obvious erection.

"Guten Tag!" he said politely.

"Sorry, do you speak English?" I asked, desperately.

"Yes, I do. So you're visiting Munich?"

"Yes."

"I'm Helmut. Are you on your own?"

"Yes - and I'm Julian."

My being unattached seemed to please my new acquaintance no end. There was a slight pause and then he continued.

"Have you tried the sauna?"

"Not yet, but perhaps I will."

"Why don't we go together?

"Oh, why not?"

I was fairly certain what this invitation entailed, but the man was good-looking and his credentials were evidently more than satisfactory, as my fast-enlarging prick was telling me. I quickly drank my orange juice and we stood up together and made our way towards the sauna. There were several small rooms, each taking four. My new friend went straight to number three, opened the door, beckoned me to enter and then followed, locking the door behind him. Wow! It seemed that three was my lucky number. Lying naked on two of the wooden platforms were two beautiful teenagers, each carressing a massive erection.

"Hello boys" said Helmut in English.

"Hi, Helmut" said the boys in chorus.

Helmut immediately removed his trunks and freed his enormous prick. I followed suit and we lay on the other two platforms.

"I've brought a friend today. As you can see, he likes what we like. In case you're worried, Julian, I'm the manager of the pool, no one will disturb us!"

Now everything was clear, and I relaxed and started to masturbate. Watching the other three freely wanking in front of me like this was something I hadn't experienced before. It was a terrific turn-on and I could feel myself coming, though I decided to hold out as long as I could. Then suddenly one of the boys got up and came over to me, wanking vigorously as he did so. He stood over me and slowed down his rubbing speed, and just as I thought he was going to ejaculate he started urinating all over my stomach and erect prick. The feel of the warm piss swamping my body and trickling down either side of me was more than I could bear.

I ejaculated immediately and the boy, as soon as he had finished pissing, ejaculated too, smiling impishly as he did so. Wow, what a stream of sperm! I rubbed it into my pee-wet body, throwing a glance at the other boy. He seemed to be doing some gymnastic exercises, lying on his back and throwing his legs back over his shoulders. What a body! The muscles rippled and glistened with sweat. This was something that I liked doing, and the «exercise» always finished with ejaculating in the mouth. But suddenly I realized that this boy was going one further.

He was incredibly elastic and as his legs reached further and further over his head, his prick came closer and closer to his mouth, until he was actually sucking his own prick! Something I had dreamed of but had thought impossible! He sucked away and then his body started shaking and he ejaculated, the sperm trickling out either side of his mouth. A groan from Helmut told me that he was ejaculating too - I turned in time to see a spurt of sperm cover his stomach and chest. Suddenly there was silence - we all lay motionless on our platforms, exhausted and satisfied! Nobody said anything for a couple of minutes and then Helmut broke the silence.

«Fancy a little peep show?»

«Here, in the pool? Why not?»

«It's not the sort of peep show you're used to in the sex parlours, but I think you'll enjoy it!»

«Lets have a shower first,» said one of the boys

So we had a communal shower, during which both of the boys soaped themselves into a state of erection again, though this time they did not masturbate to ejaculation. My prick started stirring, but no more. With towels wrapped round our middles, Helmut took us too a small room with a mirror on one wall. When he switched of the light we saw it was a two-way mirror looking on to a shower room, where a group of school-boys had just arrived from the pool. What an array of young pricks! They turned on the water and some took soap and others shampoo.

Laughing and giggling they soaped themselves from head to toe. It was not long before a couple of them paid special attention to their private parts, resulting in almost immediate erections. The effect on the others was instantaneous; without exception, each nubile youth washed, rubbed, carressed, you might say even attacked his prick. In a couple of minutes every boy was masturbating, most of them someone else's prick. What took my breath away was the sheer innocent joy of the occasion. It was the most natural thing in the world - oh where had my youth gone?

When I was their age, masturbation was a sin, masturbation turned you blind or insane, and when one did it one was overcome with guilt - but one still did it again and again because it was so wonderful. These boys were well aware of how wonderful it was and there would be no pangs of guilt afterwards. After a few minutes the sperm began to flow. It was incredible, one boy ejaculated after another so that one had the impression of an orgasm that lasted all of five minutes. The two boys beside me were masturbating each other and ejaculated with the group in the shower. I had a pretty stiff erection and the view through the mirror was really turning me on and I didn't have much trouble in reaching my third orgasm of the day. I made a mental note to forgo the morning wank in bed in future, if my days were going to be like this one! Helmut seemed to have decided to give this one a miss. His hand was moving half-heartedly under his towel, but nothing more.

«Well, thank you, Helmut. I don't know what I've done to deserve such wonderful hospitality, but if there's anything I can do to repay you, I'm only too willing.»

«Well, there is. Would you be willing to appear in a film? A sort of mixed gay/straight film"»

«Well, yes, but I don't go for anal intercourse"» I answered hestitatingly.

«Don't worry, you won't have to be fucked. I want you to play a wanking peeping tom. There'll be both girls and boys, fucking and masturbating. You'll be watching them and wanking. How about a bit of pissing?»

«Oh, that's fine. I like that. I'll shit, too, if you like.»

«Well, we'll see about that. How about tomorrow?»

«Fine, do we meet here?»

«Yes, at ten o'clock. And go easy on the wanking until then. We've got plenty of stand-ins for the squirts, but you'll have to keep a good hard-on for quite a time!»

«Don't worry,» I smiled, «As long as there's masturbation going on, there'll be no problem with the hard-on!»

«OK, see you tomorrow - and come with some good ideas, we can always do with them.»

This was unbelievable. I was actually going to appear in a porno film, doing what I had always felt was underdone in most porno films - wanking. My experience was that porno films exist for men to wank to, and in porno cinemas the wanking in the audience was almost more important than the film. So why not show it on the screen? Just thinking about the filming gave me an almost permanent hard-on, but I decided to definitely refrain from wanking, which inevitably meant tossing and turning - instead of tossing off and falling asleep - until 2 a.m. I had been given clean sheets that day and in the morning it seemed unnaturally strange to get out of a pristinely clean bed, although the pyjamas I was wearing for the first time during my stay were copiously stained with pre-cum, which was not surprising as I had spent most of the night on the verge of orgasm.

When I arrived at the pool shortly before ten o'clock there was already quite a motley collection of young men and heavily-made-up women waiting in the foyer. I seemed to be the oldest, but I was not the only newcomer to the business and was warmly greeted as an equal.

«So you're Julian the phantom wanker!» joked one girl. «I can't wait to watch you. Wanking men really turn me on.»

«Me too,» I smiled, «but so do wanking girls.»

«Don't worry, there'll be plenty of that - I always masturbate several times during the filming - I can't help myself. I have to masturbate six or seven times a day just to keep sane! I'm Minnie, by the way.»

So, this was going to be quite an experience. We went to a large house with an extensive walled garden in the suburbs of Munich. It was obviously a regular location as each room was equipped with lighting and there were several cameras about the place. As soon as we arrived, several of the «actors» stripped off and started «rehearsing» so that even before the cameras started rolling everyone was fully worked-up.

«O.K.» shouted Helmut. Let's start with the Hans and Helga sequence.»

It seemed that the film started with a couple who were bored with each other sexually, and after a few minutes of unsuccessful lovemaking, Hans went to the bathroom to masturbate, while Helga did the same in bed. As the «phantom» wanker, I was supposed to roam the garden and look in windows and wank as I watched the goings on. I suggested it would be better if I was first of all introduced as a positive character and Helmut agreed that I could be an animal welfare charity worker making door-to-door collections. He then had the brilliant idea that I could have a dog with me, whom I would masturbate from time to time. He said, with a wink, that the mongrel who lived in the garden was just the right dog for the part. So Helmut shared my little perversion!

It was agreed that I would ring the bell while the husband was wanking in the bathroom, and that he would go to the door with just a towel round his waist. He would give me a coin, I would see his erection and then go round to the window to spy. Helmut had been right about the dog. As I looked in the window and took out my prick to masturbate, Bill jumped up and started licking it. He then started humping my leg.

«O.K. Let's take advantage of this. Wank him, Julian!»

And so I wanked Bill and Bill sucked me and the first orgasm of the session was filmed It was Bill's, closely followed by mine!

«Great - now for the close-up»

Of course, I wasn't expected to have another orgasm quite so soon. This was provided by Sigmund, who did not want to show his face, but whose potency made him an indispensible member of the team. His prick was similar to mine, so he had been assigned to be my stand-in. Bill was more than happy to lick another prick, and Sigmund produced a copious stream of sperm for the close-up.

The «plot» involved two couples who were bored with normal sex and who decide to try «wife-swapping». This doesn't work either, so they try group sex. This works, but not quite as expected. After a mad foursome, with nobody being certain whose hands or genitals are in whose hands or genitals, the couples effect a successful pairing-off, the two men making one pair, the two women the other. Bill and I, in the garden were a third pair, and the sequence ended with a mass masturbation sequence with sperm squirting in all directions.

The next sequence was a female masturbation sequence and was to take place in a ladies toilet. The idea was that there should be a queue of women impatiently waiting to enter the cubicles and when nobody comes out they start looking over the top of the door and discover that the occupiers are in fact masturbating. I was not involved in this sequence but Helmut took me along just the same. As he was setting it up I had an idea. The women were obviously dying for a pee. Why shouldn't the first in the queue find herself unable to hold out and wet herself. This in turn infects the others who all either wet themselves or drop their knickers and pee on the floor.

These latter ones could then start masturbating and the scene could end in a group masturbation scene. Helmut - and the girls - were thrilled with the idea and went ahead. It was fantastic. I was so worked up I had to free my erection. This gave Helmut an idea. He told the women to stop for a moment and sent me to the wardrobe caravan to dress up in drag! I was to enter the loo as a transvestite, wet myself like the others and then drop my knickers and - surprise! A big stiff prick! I would then join in the general masturbating! I was dying for a pee so I didn't think the wetting part would cause any problems. In the event, with my erect prick tucked inside tights I had to heave so hard to pee that I started to shit myself as well! Helmut was more than satisfied. I then masturbated through my tights, my prick tucked down one leg. The sperm oozed out of the mesh and one of the girls wiped it off and made a meal of it! What a sequence!

The final sequence involved a group of seven, four men and three women playing knockout whist. During the game, one player left the room to go to the toilet. That was my role. While in the toilet I got an erection and this gives me an idea to brighten up the card game. I return and suggest that as each player is knocked out, he or she has a sexual task to fulfill. The first, being on his or her own would start to masturbate, then pair off with the second to be knocked out. The same would happen with the next two pairs and then the one left could play «excuse me» with any of the pairs which were already «in action».

I started the ball rolling by going to the loo at the last moment so that I started to wet myself as I undid my flies. This gave me a hard on which I admired in the mirror and started to rub. I brought myself to the edge of orgasm and then decided to return to the game and make my suggestion. It was of course accepted with enthusiasm and we continued to play knockout whist. The first to lose was a man, a pretty youth, who fell upon his prick with the greatest pleasure, parading up and down the room wanking himself until the next player lost - this time a girl, Inga. She immediately started to fellate the youth and masturbate herself at the same time.

The rest of us were playing cards with one hand on our organs, we were all so worked up. The the youth started fucking Inga while I deliberately lost the next round so that I could free my aching prick. I stood over the entwined couple and masturbated, having to stop rubbing frequently to hold back my orgasm. The next to lose was the best looking boy of them all! What luck! He immediately stripped off and approached me brandishing the hardest prick of the evening! We approached each other, touched pricks and then started our little session, which I was determined would be the high spot of the sequence. First I gently rubbed his prick, then I crouched down and took it in my mouth. He then lay down and abandoned himself to my will. I sucked him, I masturbated him, then I urinated over him. He then surprised me by offering his prick to be sucked and then urinating into my mouth. Not to be outdone I promptly shat on the floor, much to the surprise of the cameraman!

The next two to lose were girls, so we had a lesbian scene to complete the repertoire, and the overall winner then started to do his rounds. First of all he joined the lesbian couple and managed to fuck both of them without seriously their interrupting their mutual caressing and masturbating. Then he chose the first girl and started fucking her, while her partner joined me and my giant-pricked mate. We sat in a circle and started masturbating, first ourselves and then each other. Eventually the winning male joined us and the three girls started a torrid lesbian session. In the end they joined our «circle jerks» and the seven of us came more or less together in a shower of sperm and a chorus of orgasmic screams and groans! By this time the whole crew were masturbating and the cameraman fixed the camera and went in front of it and ejaculated into the lens!

Wow, what an end to my Munich holiday! After that, I thought that masturbating myself to sleep in my bed would seem tame, but of course I had to leave my hotel with a sperm stain autograph on the sheets. No, it wasn't tame at all. Wanking is the greatest pleasure in the world. A first wank before going to sleep, a second wank in the morning to wake myself up - and several thirds during the day!

***

