The Beach House (Part Four)

31st May 2011, 05:20 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

A while later, as the sun was setting over the ocean, Lara was snuggled up on the couch, her legs spread out across the couch, reading an engrossing novel full of mystery, romance, and deceit. Not expecting to go out for a while, she had left her panties off but slid on a long gown that reached just below her knees, in case she wanted to step out onto the balcony and watch the sunset.

For now, though, her eyes could not leave the pages of this amazing book. The hero was just on the edge of uncovering the mystery when he found his lover's home empty and a message written in blood. Nothing could disrupt Lara's attention from the story.

Not that her bladder wasn't trying. She reached the hand that wasn't holding the book to her crotch and felt the pressure nagging at her. She squeezed her legs over her hand and the pressure eased a bit.

A few more pages and the hero is now face to face with his lover's kidnapper and the person responsible for all the murders. Lara squirmed as the confrontation continued. The nagging in her bladder had increased to a slight pain and she knew she wouldn't be able to wait much longer. She pressed harder with her hand, still attempting to hold herself.

"Oh, I have to pee," Lara said without looking away from her book. She sat up a little, hoping that would ease the pressure, but the movement just made it worse. "I need to pee, but this book is so good." Flipping to the next page, where the hero is promising his lover he will get her out alive, Lara squeezed her legs together, still trying to hold in her pee. Lara parted her legs a little, still engrossed in her book.

The pressure was getting to be too much and Lara felt a spurt begin to escape. With a loud hiss, her pee sprayed her thighs and soaked through her gown and into the couch cushion. She sighed as she managed to cut off the flow and sit up a little more. Another warm spurt soaked her gown and the cushion beneath her.

The feeling of the warm cushion under her bare crotch was too much and Lara finally set the book on the back of the couch. "I can't hold it anymore. I'm just gonna pee here." Not bothering to move her gown, Lara parted her legs and let loose.

Lara gasped as her pee hissed out forcefully and splashed against her thighs. The warmth of it as it soaked the couch under her was incredible. "That feels amazing. Oh." Lara closed her eyes as she laid back on the couch and spread her legs further apart. She pressed down and her stream arced upwards and splashed freely onto the couch cushion, making a loud drumming sound as it pattered against the soft material. A warm pool was forming at her crotch and bottom and she could feel it soaking into her gown.

Wanting to try something else, Lara cut off the flow with much difficulty and stood up. She walked across the room to an open place on the floor and smiled again at the dark carpet. The carpet was very fibrous and soft, and it reminded her of the floor she used to sleep on at her friends house. Lara pulled her gown down and laid on her stomach, feeling the soft carpet tickle her thighs. Finally, she spread her legs again and let loose with a sigh.

The warmth of her pee enveloped her crotch immediately and Lara gasped. "Oh my God. Oh." She reached her hand behind her and felt her pee as it sprayed out of her and soaked the carpet. The warmth traveled to her belly as she caressed her clitoris with her finger, ignoring the deluge of pee that soaked her hand. Her pee began to subside but Lara stroked her clitoris more furiously, panting and gasping, grinding her crotch into the soaked carpet. Her mind raced with the images of everything she had done today, from pissing in the chair, in her bathing suit, on the floor, into the couch, as she exploded with the most intense orgasm she had ever had, screaming as loud as she could, not caring if anyone heard her.

Exhausted and pleased, Lara closed her eyes and enjoyed the comfort of the soft carpet. When she opened her eyes again, the sun was well behind the horizon and the sounds of partiers could be heard outside. Lara realized she had to pee again. Smiling, she rolled over onto her right side and stuck out her left leg. Sighing, she started to pee again, biting her lip as the warmth enveloped her crotch and splashed against her leg. Lara cut off the flow and sat up. She removed her gown and tossed it on the couch. Staring between her legs, Lara released her hold and continued her pee, which made a burbling sound as it sprayed into the puddle she had already made. The flow finally subsided and Lara stood up, smiling as a few drops of pee dripped from her legs and to the floor.

"Bed time," she said.

