A Very British Story

22nd December 2011, 09:16 AM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

I don't get round here all that often these days but this morning I thought, "I wonder if they'd like to read it.

I wrote this several years ago for my own amusement. It incorporates a lot of me and what might be called "I wish" in it... It now runs to several chapters but this is the first. If you like it I might be persuaded to release more.

PS: The original has references to that topic we are not allowed to mention as it sort of flowed naturally (if you see what I mean). I hope I have cut all that out and apologies if anything has slipped through.

***

THE HOLIDAY

Chapter One - Fi Saturday 2nd July

I had drunk two large coffees at the restaurant on the M42 and had Coke with my breakfast and now, forty minutes later, I needed to pee. I'd decided to abandon Shrewsbury for the day as I was coming up to morning rush hour, and so I'd turned north-west passing through Newport and on towards Whitchurch. From there I'd make for Betws-y-Coed and put up at a hotel there.

You know how it is, when you are desperate to pee and then able to let it out. You know the feeling of delicious relief as that long stream of gold powers away from you before falling to earth and soaking the leaves or the ground. I was in that place of ecstasy and swung my stream around to the right then the left in the sheer joy of having a great piss. As I swung to the left however, my jet splashed onto the feet of a gorgeous woman who had a camera in her hand and was filming every drop.

I said «Oh! Gosh, I'm sorry!» as my stream stopped abruptly. But my words overlapped with her «Beautiful! Don't stop! You need to let it out! I adore seeing men having a piss; I just love that jet of gold." «But your feet are wet» I said embarassedly.

She smiled and said «So what! I just love it» So what could I say? I had pissed most of my load and now I could feel my cock growing hard in my hand. "OK", I replied and tried to pee again without much success. Then she reached out for my cock and taking it her hand she began to gently squeeze it.

I don't know to this day why, but I heard myself say, «Well, if you like it that much, what about showing me what you can do?»

In reply she slipped my cock into my pants but left the zip undone as my hard-on grew and grew, took me by the hand and led me out of the trees into a garden beyond, which I hadn't noticed before. «Follow me» she said and entered though french doors into a spacious lounge which had a delicate fragrance of lavender.

She was about thirty, maybe thirty-five, with perky tits, gorgeous bum, a sort of burnished maybe auburn hair, fantastic grey eyes; dressed in a very short blue skirt and tight, pale cream top and - now - damp trainers. She looked like she'd been jogging.

She said, "actually I had a pee about five minutes before you stopped and I have very little to offer at the moment." Walking over to a large fireplace, she raised the hem of her skirt, revealing that she wore no panties, and showing a triangle of fur which led the eye down to the triangle of her pussy, and the compelling slit in its centre. Standing there before me, a small trickle of water seeped from that opening, barely wetting the tiles beneath. Feeling the time for caution had long passed, I let my cock break free of its moorings and stand upright for us both to see.

"See, I told you so", she said. Then, "But if you are not in a hurry, stay awhile and we can drink something special together; then I can show you just how good I can pee!" Walking over to me, she put her fingers to her wet slit, then touched my lips with her urine dampened hand. And, gosh, it tasted good! I had to exercise a lot of control to stop myself from cumming all over her carpet.

There I was, on a 'I haven't booked anything' holiday, waiting to see what might come along, and less than two hours from home I'd fallen into an adult fairy-story!

"My name's Fi, she said, short for Fiona Henderson and I'm 31. And you?"

"Alex. Alex Morton, 32, free-lance photographer, single, on holiday and only a couple of hours from home!»

With a lot of effort I gradually subsided and I put it away and zipped up. But there was a definite bulge in my pants even so.

We had seen each other's intimate places but then we talked about holidays, food, the area she lived in, and the work I did as a free-lance. And all the while we sipped apple and raspberry and mango and other juices. About forty minutes into this a smart woman in her late thirties, dressed in jeans and a short top which revealed her midriff, came into the room, carrying a duster and a tin of polish.

«Hi, Jill», Fi said, «this is a new friend Alex, whom I've only just met, but who seems interested in my life-style.» And turning to me, she said, «Alex, this is Jill: Jill this is Alex». We said Hi to one-another and then Fi went on to explain, «Jill's been a friend for a long time, and 'cos she's good and needed a bit of extra cash, she also cleans for me a couple of times a week. But she is much more than a 'domestic', we go shopping together and the occasional show or cinema. She's a real treasure and has helped me through many of the bad times in the past couple of years.»

Jill said, with complete sincerity, "I like your bulge; how about you show me too?" Fi said, "Do show her. She's a connoisseur of cocks- and yours is a very fine specimen!"

These women were different from any of the hundreds I'd met as a journalist. I'd been in on interviews from Royalty from several countries, to statesmen, to professionals, to housewives and prostitutes even. Some were too high and mighty to allow themselves human emotions - others so down to earth it was quite refreshing. One athlete I had met had become a girl-friend for a couple of years. She was good at sex too and fun to be with. But Fi and Jill were something else. They seemed to be uninhibited by social taboos. How much uninhibited I found out as days stretched to weeks, months and then years.

Jill spoke up again, "Drop your trousers, please!" And, do you know, I felt myself undoing them and feeling them drop to the carpet. Admiringly, Jill said, "From that bulge it looks like that's a great tool you have in those pants. Fi needs someone to look after her, could you be the one?" Expecting to see embarrassment on Fi's face, I glanced at her. Not a bit of it! She replied, with evident delight, "Maybe. It is a great tool. I've seen it and felt it! Pull it out, Alex, and let Jill see too!"

I did as requested, and Jill reached out and cupped her hand along its length, squeezing tightly and sliding my foreskin over the glans and then pulling it back. With a squeak of delight in my voice I said, "If you do that for much longer there'll be semen all over the place." As if in reply, Jill glanced suggestively over to Fi and then continued with obvious relish and within seconds, in my heightened state of tension, I came in a huge spurt of spunk that went all over her and especially that naked belly-button, and dripped onto the carpet.

I was amazed to see Fi looking on with what seemed like quiet approval at this. If she was angry at being usurped, or that her carpet had my spunk on it, I couldn't see it. Taking a tissue from a box on the table, she crossed over to me, and ever-so-gently wiped my diminishing cock. Jill too was wiping up and said, "If you can, stay a while with Fi. You could be just what she needs!"

Then she dropped to her knees and wiped the carpet. "What's left will vacuum up nicely when it's dry" she said knowingly. Then she simply went on with the cleaning.

A bit later Fi and I walked out into the garden and sat by a splashing fountain; it was then that I realised my bladder was filling again. Hers too, I thought? I said, "You and Jill: you are both so unusual - no one has ever got me to cum within five minutes of meeting, before! And never when someone else was looking on.»

She smiled winsomely, "Yes, I understand, but did you like it? Or are you put off by it?"

"Not put off at all", I answered. We talked some more about her life there in Shropshire not all that far from the settings for the Malcolm Saville books of my youth.

After another twenty minutes or so I was about to ask, "Have you got a partner?", or something similar, when she spoke up and asked, "Are you ready for the demonstration, then? Do you still want see me piss?" I heard myself saying, "Oh yes please!"

Going back into the house she opened a door into a massive bathroom with Jacuzzi, bidet etc. So saying, she raised her skirt and again revealed that striking triangle, bordered by her lovely legs and tapering with that little fuzz of hair towards the floor.

Standing with her legs apart, she let loose a superb stream of pale gold, pushing it forward towards me by some means I was yet to discover, almost like I would do it! It splashed on to the floor and the mat Istood on then ran in a stream towards the door, before disappearing down a grille which I'd taken as a warm-air heating device. By her unconcerned reaction I gathered it was a drain; I had never seen one in a domestic bathroom before.

I reached out to feel the warmth of her flow. As I did so, the door opened and Jill walked in. «Oh! Sorry», she said, «I didn't realize you were here. I was just going to have a pee.» Fi answered, «Well why not, I reckon Alex would like to see and I know how good you are. It's always a pleasure for me too, as you know.» Turning to me she waved towards Jill as commented, «Jill has a very special trick which we both enjoy. She adores wetting herself! But, have you got clean clothes with you Jill, love?» Jill answered, «Sure, I have some in the car - and anyway, yours fit me at a stretch!»

Within a few seconds, the blue denim in Jill's crotch began to darken, and then spread upwards and outwards before soaking down each leg. Then a stream broke free from the cloth and this gorgeous stream of pee flowed towards us. It took her more than a minute to finish and she stood there for a few moments in her soaked clothes. Then she undid her belt and zip and pushed her sodden jeans down whilst asking me, «Did you like that? I hope you did, it's a speciality of mine and Fi and I sometimes do it outdoors for the fun of it too.» With no hint of embarrassment she pulled her jeans off and then pushed her very damp panties down, revealing a sizeable bush of dark hair.

I loved the sight of her pussy and walked over to her and stroked her damp fur whilst replying, «It was great. But almost too much for me to take in. To find two lovely women who positively enjoy a piss, and are willing demonstrate it in front of a complete stranger, not to say, bringing that stranger to a great cum within minutes of their first meeting, is staggering. And enjoyable too.»

Fi smiled, then said, "It is good isn't it? Why don't you stay awhile, have a drink and piss some more with me?" I replied solicitously, "Why not?" That was almost two years ago and it was the start of a fantastic holiday and much more besides.

Can be continued if interest shown...

