Seafair

12th December 2010, 06:41 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Seafair was certainly a Godsend for anyone who appreciated women that wet their pants. What follows is one of the better sightings that I had during the many years that I attended. This was a place with very few rules and "Politically Correct" was something for the future. The portable toilets were filthy, inadequate and never maintained for so many people. It was always hot that weekend and their were no rules about alcohol. Leaving the beach at the end of the day was impossible, there were just to many drunks. Many of the mostly attractive women sat on the very grassy slope overlooking the race course and watched the race, drinking beer and sometimes just wet where they sat. Most rinsed in the lake after wards, but not all.

What follows is totally true.

When I was younger, I had a very strong interest in women who wet themselves. It was very rare for me to actually catch them in the act, but if you spent enough time in the right places, your chances improved immeasurably. In time, there was every chance of catching someone who had just peed in their pants. All it took was one trip to the beach at Seattle's Sea Fair and I was hooked. I saw so many women walking around in obviously peed pants over the twenty years that I attended, that I took to writing down my observations so I would not forget some of the sexier incidents. Sunday, the final day of the event in the early 80's, usually meant 200 to 300 thousand very drunk people. Some sightings could not be believed.

Sunday afternoon, as the event was winding down, I saw this very lovely blonde leaving the park with two guys. She was maybe 28 years old and like nearly everyone else, struggling with her two friends to remove all the stuff they'd brought for the event. She was wearing a string strap type halter that covered some rather nice breasts. That halter looked nice with her trim, firm body and long legs. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail. She was very sexy.

She had a beer in one hand as she half carried her cooler. There was little doubt that she had spent the entire day drinking along with everyone else at the park. She was also wearing a pair of pastel green short shorts that she had very obviously peed in. There were matching, semi circular pee stains covering her mound in front and butt in the rear. I'm sure she wet down her legs while she was standing because her wetting was almost evenly distributed front and rear. The one in front was flared halfway to the center of each leg and part way up the zipper on her very brief shorts. Her butt was wet to the middle of each thigh and over half way up her bottom crack.

It looked as though she was wearing a bikini under her shorts, but the wetness wasn't from a wet bikini. The yellowish tinge to her pee stain made it very clear that she had peed in her pants. It really showed to. If her bikini was the source of the wetness, then her tight shorts would have been at least damp in some other area, such as her waist band or sides. There was little doubt that she had simply found some reason to pee in her pants instead of using the dirty portable and totally inadequate toilets.

They were leaving the races with a cooler, chairs and towels that they used for the party and view the races. It was a slow process and since they were a at least a little drunk like everyone else, needed to take their time. At one point she stopped to take a break and sit on the cooler. She was walking barefoot and decided that while she was sitting there to put on her shoes and socks.

I thought that she did this in a very sexy way. First she sat on the cooler, then crossed her legs before pulling on the first white cotton sock. Then after slipping on a running shoe she uncrossed her legs and did the same with the other foot. She did not once look at her wet crotch, but I can assure you that one of the guys she was with couldn't take his eyes off of her wetness. In fact at one point, just before she sat on the cooler she caught him staring and when she smiled he said something. It may have been, «Honey, did you wet your pants.»

Right after that he was even more curious and never once removed his eyes from her ass or pussy. There were several other people checking her out as well, but she wasn't the least bit bothered.

I spent the better part of an hour watching as they gradually took their things and left the park. It was so obvious that she had simply pissed in her shorts, that I could not resist examining her every move. At one point the three of them stopped to have a cigarette and I could not resist an impulse to offer to buy one from them, even though I don't smoke. But alas, nothing came of the conversation. I never saw her look down or seem the slightest bit concerned at what she had done. What a beautiful ass that women had.

