Nudist couple get invited to a pee party - Part 2

7th July 2008, 07:02 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Saturday night Josh (my husband of three weeks) and I attended our first ever pee party. We arrived promptly at 6:30 and were greeted by our hosts for the evening Bill and Laura (all names have been changed because this is a true story). Our hosts asked us to arrive before the other guests in order to explain a few things to us. First of all they wanted to make sure we knew exactly what we were getting into. They wanted to absolutely make sure we knew they and their friends were into pee, not just watching but actually participating with each other.

In other words we could expect to get peed on during the evening. As a matter of fact we would be expectedto undergo an initiation of sorts - to make sure we realy did want to join their group. They further explained they were NOT swingers - athough one of the member couples do swing. We havent found out yet which couple it is. They further explained they are not into scat, even tho another of the couples do get involved with this. (I'm not sure i can even mention this here). We did not find out which couple it was and parbably never will.

We explained nervously explained we thourghly understood and wanted to join their group. Soon after this the other guests began arriving. After all were present - six couples in all besides us. We all gathered at the outside patio where we were offered al sorts of liquids to drink. I might add we had been previously instructed to begin drinking loads of liquids 48 hours before the party.

As our hosts Laura and her husband Bill began ofering drinks they introduced themselves, for our bennefits. They were both 30 years old, married 8 years and had two children. Bill is a college professor and Laura teaches in a grade school. The have been into watersports for about 5 years having discovered them quite by accident one night while returning from a movie. It seems Laura misjudged and had to go so badly she wet herself on their way home. They have two children.

Bryan and Kathy are in their early 40's and have two kids in college. They got into watersports after reading about them on the internet, about 7 years ago. Bryan and Kathy both are in real estate.

Frank and Sue are in their mid 50's and empty nesters. They discovered watersports while boating with friends on Lake Erie one summer about 10 years ago. Frank sells cars for a living while his wife works in an insurance office.

Mike and Sheila are 28 and 25 and married two years now. They got into watersports after camping on the woods while in college. Mike is an Air Force recruter, his wife is a teachers aid. One daughter.

I'm Emily, 23 and Josh is 24. We are newlyweds and genuine nudists. I was raised with casual peeing as a result of the nudism and discovered the erotic side in college while talking a class on Sexaulity where we studied all fetishes. Josh is in construction, I am an RN.

Sean and Tiffany are 32 and 28 years old and discovered watersports after seeing others openly peeing at a concert four years ago. Sean is a Air traffic controller, his wife works for a day care center. Three kids and a Saint Bernard.

Bob and Carol are 40 and 41 and own a cleaning business together. They discovered peeing after she cought him peeing in the shower. They have one in college.

Well folks there you have the players, next time well get down to the story. As I mentioned all names have been changed by Josh and myself.

