Penny

16th January 2016, 08:19 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

I was on a story-writing kick, so I thought I'd share.

This has wetting, golden shower and lesbian themes, so if you are into that, please read on

If you like this type of story, then I will continue as a series.

Penny

###

I have lived in the country for several years. I often like to walk on the nature trails and along the country roads and it was my solace.

It was a fairly hot June day and I was walking on the trail that passes an old farmhouse. It was a very old house that looked in disrepair, but it was sort of quaint in a way.

Old, weathered, unpainted clapboard siding and broken down sheds and old chicken coops without chickens. There was a field in back and tall trees near the house. I never really saw anyone there but this time I heard a woman's voice- singing something to a radio. My body was sweating from head to toe in the sun and I moved toward the house on the edge of the trail for shade. I got a drink of water. I felt my bra and shirt and pants were pretty wet with perspiration and the heat from my body was making my skin feel hot and prickly.

All of a sudden I heard the woman's voice get louder and I saw a very pretty late 20-something or early-30's year old brunette in shorts and t-shirt come out from an old shed and she said, "hey stranger, do you want a drink?...I seriously have so much of this stuff that I will never drink it...". She held up some type of wine cooler or cider or something. "Do you want one?..." she said.

I had been a lesbian for about 8 years, and I was recently single. I found myself depressed for months about being alone and my walks were my way to disconnect. I started to feel an overwhelming attraction to this woman I didn't even know. Maybe it was because I was lonely, or it was the warm, dusty, dirty country setting that made it so inviting. I think her warm smile and her friendly eyes made me feel comfortable. She had long dark brown hair and a young face. She was slender but not lanky. She walked up to me and introduced herself. "I'm Penny!" she said. I replied "I'm Jess...nice to meet you." We both smiled and she handed me a hard cider.

She invited me into her yard and told me her grandmother left her this old house and she is taking care of it. Her Mom and Dad and brother had moved away and basically left her the responsibility of the house. "It is a lot of work," she said. She is unemployed but has an inheritance and she is just fixing up the house. She wants to go back to college but it is too expensive.

It was 1pm when she offered me the drink, and it was about 3 pm before I had realized that I was talking with her for 2 hours. We talked about EVERYTHING in our lives and the only things I hadn't told her were probably the only things that mattered. She said, 'oh wow, I'm sorry you probably have to go!" I told her that I enjoyed talking with her. I realized I had like 2 ciders and so did she. I was starting to feel buzzed from the alcohol. Penny seemed sort of giddy, like she had been having cider for longer than 2 hours... She offered me another cider and I felt my body sort of slip out of 'control' in terms of my desire to go home, and also the control over my bladder. I have struggled since my teens with overactive bladder and alcohol doesn't help it. And further, my "big dark secret" is the fact I fantasize about pee sometimes, and I even wet myself like a kid at home to feel 'irresponsible.' It is a hard thing to explain to anyone, and nobody knows about it.

Close up, Penny looked a bit older than I saw initially, but I honestly found her beautiful. She had young eyes with no wrinkles but a few wrinkles on her cheeks.

She looked weathered in a tom-boy sort of way, but still so feminine. She had the most beautiful brown eyes and pouty lips. I noticed her curvy, slightly full figure and the really nice form of her hips and legs. She was wearing jean-cutoff shorts and she had dirt all over her legs and her arms and even a bit in her hair. I smelled body sweat and I was paranoid it was me, but it could have been her. In fact, I knew it probably was her, but I didn't mind at all.

Something excited me about being this close to her. She told me..."I'm such a mess now..." and laughed. All I could say to her was "I don't mind..." For a second, I just looked into her eyes and she looked back with a stare that I thought was in a dream. It was as if she wanted to tell me something... maybe I was imagining it, but her face turned beet red for a second. I thought it was so cute, and I was starting to feel like I was in some sort of fantasy. Was this real? I felt really strong that there was some sort of mutual attraction, but I have been wrong before.

Penny asked me, "do you want to come inside?" She smiled and said "you've already burned up 2 hours with me, what's another...?!" She laughed and told me if I had to leave, it's ok. I told her I live a mile away. I don't know why I said it, but I just said it... I told her that "I wish I would have come over sooner!" And she turned to me and said, "well, I would have really liked that..." This is when I knew for sure I was not imagining this fantasy of falling attracted to this dusty country girl in a dirty old house. And she seemed so willing to want to talk with me. I felt my heart beat faster.

She invited me into the kitchen. It was a big mess. But I didn't care, I was starting to really like Penny. As soon as I got inside, I smelled a stale dust smell mixed with stale urine and laundry soap. It was a weird smell and I ignored it. She said, "Sorry for the mess...it is gross in here...lots to clean up." It was in a flash that I started to notice something that made me feel like I was in a dream land. I started to have to pee bad enough that I was very uncomfortable. Before I could even ask Penny where the bathroom is, I just glanced down at her shorts and I saw a noticeable wet spot. Was it sweat, or did the cider make Penny wet her pants?

I have been secretly wetting myself for years since a teenager and I know what it's like to wet and have accidents after having a few too many. I knew she had done it...but she just kept talking to me about her life. She was so lonely it seemed. And I felt sorry for her, and I felt in love with her at the same time. I was starting to feel like I was out of control inside my mind. She just said "Jess! I'm sorry, but if you were wondering... yes I peed my pants. I do that sometimes. Cider makes me go. How embarrassing."

As if out of a movie or something, I hugged her. She held me in a firm embrace and wouldn't let go. I told her "It's ok, I pee my pants too." I felt her arms and hands sort of move all over my back and she just whispered to me..."I don't know why but I feel like I want to kiss you and I know this is weird..."

Suddenly, I felt my heart beat so fast I was dizzy. I felt my pussy get wet and I felt an within just seconds, I felt an intense swelling and urge to be touched. Within seconds, I whispered back..."I think you are so cute and I can't believe this is happening..."

Within an instant, she begins to kiss me on the lips, deep and vigorous. I could smell sweet cider on her warm, moist breath . I smelled her earthy sweat through her clothes and her perfume or body spray and, still in an embrace, I begin to touch her lower back and my hand begins to traverse toward her butt and I hold her tighter and tighter. Her back was wet with perspiration. I began to smell urine on this beautiful woman that is just giving herself to me right now. Her breathing is fast and she tells me that she has wanted to be with a woman since she was 16 and never had the courage to try it. She told me my eyes are so pretty and I am a "hottie." Penny begins to tell me that she feels vulnerable but so comfortable with me. I kept kissing her and kissing her and we French kissed for what seemed like a half hour. I felt like I was so turned on that I was about to have an Orgasm.

She began to cry a bit and said "I can't believe how good this feels..." I caressed her, and told her it's all ok...that I found her so beautiful on first sight.I told her that I pee my pants also and I find it to be a stress-reliever and I honestly have times I can't hold it. She asked "Jess, do you want to see me naked?" I told her "yes." She took off her shirt, bra and shorts. I took off my shirt and my leggings. She held my hand and we went to a bedroom. Her bed was not made and there was just an odd stale smell in this room.

She started touching my breasts and she reached down to my pussy with one of her hands. The other hand of hers I held, and told her "Penny, I don't know what we are doing, but I don't care where it ends up...I want to stay here with you..." I reached under her panties and her pussy was so wet and her body smelled like sweat and perfume and pee, and I was so turned on that I started to come...Right before I came Penny rubbed my clit so hard that I came within seconds. And I was starting to feel an overwhelming urge to pee that would not quit. I just blurted out "Oh My God, I'm going to pee my pants!" She said "It's ok, I am going to do it again also...I can't hold it."

I felt my bladder just 'open'...and I was wetting a little with my panties still on...but I was eventually able to stop the flow. She grabbed me and we ended up in this old creaky bed. Her curtains were wide open, and the sun was still shining in... The bed was already soaked in urine- I could smell it...but it wasn't my urine. She told me that she peed the bed last night just to try it...and I started to kiss her again and I just said "that is hot...you just peed in bed??!" She told me that she meant to get up but she was so tired from working all day at the farmhouse. She couldn't make it to the bathroom so she went right there.

We both were lying in this semi-cold peed bed and she was taking off my panties. Her smell and her body were so hot to me that I started to feel like I would come again in a minute. As if we both were talking in stereo, we said "Let's just pee all over each other..." She said "Jess...just let it go...". As I started to pee I saw her beautiful, hairy pussy and a large stream of yellow urine pouring out of her body...she was peeing all over my breasts and the sheets were already in a puddle...I think it was plastic underneath.

I began to fully lose control of my bladder and as it was happening, my pee was shooting up onto her tummy. I got down under her, and went down on her and she came... She went down on me and I came again. There was a strong earthy smell of urine and pussy smell as I stayed down there with her for what seemed like an hour...

We were both soaked in pee and it was still like 80 degrees inside her room but it was heavenly. We ere both soaked in each other's pee and sweat and the smell, being with this amazing woman and we held each other and fell asleep. I woke up and it was almost dark outside. I had to get back home to feed pets, but I told her "Penny, I don't want to leave...". She said, "I don't want you to leave..."

"Maybe I can drive you home and you can come back and stay???" she said...This was just the beginning of something I had never expected or dreamed of...

To be continued.

