Being Drunk And Pissing Part 1

8th March 2010, 02:08 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Durring my single young days I like many persons at this age partied hard. Where I lived there was a section downtown in the city called "The Strip" It was a series of bars and clubs along one of the main streets. On Friday and Saturdaynights every one of the places would be packed with people drinking, dancing, and having a plain old good time. Only one place is still there today.

Well this Saturday night was durring the winter. There was a major snow storm going on so the strip was not all that busy as it would have been. But still there were patrons in each place along the strip. I had been in already three places and I was working my way down the strip and I went into the next place.

I was sitting at the bar drinking a draft when I had someone tap me on the shgoulder and said hello to me. The voice was a girls and it sounded very familair. I turned around and sure enough the girl was very familair to me! It was my friend Tony's former girlfriend Terry! They had broken up a couple of years back and I hadn't seen her since then even though I knew she was still around.

No one was sitting in the stool next to me so I invited Terry to sit down and offered to buy her a drink. Terry accepted my offer took off her coat sat down on the stool and I placed her order which she was drinking wine and we started talking filling each other what we had been doing since seeing each other.

Now Terry is a very tall brunette. I'm 6' 1" and Terry stood about a half inch less then I. Thats how tall she was. Terry had small but nice fully shaped round breasts, a nice slim waist, and her ass was very nice but Terry like many girls thought her ass was a little to big for she would always say that it was. This I would always laugh about when she woud talk about her ass and Terry would laugh too.

Also Terry was a small town country girl who moived down to te city as result of beng my friend Tony's girlfriend. When she lived in the smal country town it was a town near where I had come from so we had that in our similair circumstances together. In fact I went with Tony to show him the way to Terry's house when they first started to date for I knew where she lived.

Well getting back to the present in the bar Terry still had her small place in the southend by the barbershop. Terry had a duaghter too by a prevous marrage and had divorced by the time she was going with my friend Tony. So I asked about her duaghter too in our conversation and Terry told me she was fine. We went on talking and drinking for aometime.

Then I asked Terry if she would might like to do some dancing. Terry got excited about this and told me she would like to very much. So I paid for the last drinks we drank them got on our coats and left this bar. We had a walk to get to the place where there was a band for it was down near the very end of the strip and we were at this point near the start of it.

Now with the snow storm going on it had even was now snowing harder and the wind had picked up also. It was slow walking through the snow for the sidewalks along the way had not been shoveled at all or had ben but not for awhile so the snows depth varied. Terry was earing boots with very high heals on them and she was now feeling prety good from the wine she had been drinking so she was having a somewhat of a tough time walking along the slippery sidewalk.

So I helped Terry by putting my arm around her back and gripped her coat so she wouldn't slip and fall. Terry was thankfull for me doing that for she repeatedly said thank you to me when she would slip or even whgen she didn't slip. We came to where we had a choice as far as getting to where the bar we were heading to. Stay on the sidwalk on the strip or cut over a side street that ended by the bar where we were going. We took the other street.

Instead of taking the sidewalk along this street we walked right in the street itself. It was plowed recently so the snow was only a few inches deep and not as slippery as the sidewalk. We made better time now. Terry and I walked about halfway to the bar now and Terry told me she had to piss and NOW! Is there any place that I can go? Terry asked me. There was which was the alley which we were comming up on. I pointed over to the alley. Terry let out a laugh first and said to me; LET'S GO!

The alley had also been plowed but not as recent as the street had been. Plus we had to get through a snowbank at the start of the alley. I stomped a apth through the snowbank and helped Terry get through the short path that my stompng in the snowbank had made. Terry almost slipped and fell getting through the path and laughed hard as I helped her though the snowbank.

Then we walked down into the alley together getting about halfway and then Terry stopped and I along with her. Laughing again Terry told me she was going to piss right where she was. I told her I'll step away and turn around. Terry again laughed hard. You don't have to do that! I'm going to need some help s I don't slip and fall Terry went on saying to me. So I stayed right there with Terry in the middle of the alley.

Now this would be the first time being close to Terry when she would be pissing. There had been a few times when she had been going with Tony that I had been with her and Tony and other friends and Terry had taken a piss form a distance. This was at night and dark so I only heard her piss which whn she had pissed it had been very noisily done! Loud hising from her stream and splashing to go along with it.

Now the alley itself was lit up with street lights and some lights on the rows of garages along it. Not real bright but enough light that it was not hard to see at all. Terry had on a very long heavy black colored fake fur coat with big gold butons on it. She also was wearing black stretch pants too along with a black sweatshirt.

Terry began unbuttoning her caot first having some trouble with the buttons. So I helped her by starting at the bottom butons going up as she went from the top down. Once done wth the coat she told me now I better steady her. My pants are so tight Terry said to me laughing hard. So I stedied Terry by placing my hands on her hips which were already exposed for Terry had slipped her sweatpants down a litle already.

Terry slipped them down and also peeled them down her thighs they were that tight. Now having done this I was seing Terry for the first time! :-) In the light Terry had a large patch of long brunette curly pubic hair that surrounded her pussy! Terry now had her tight sweat pants peeled down to her knees and she now was looking back up and right at me. Seeing that my gaze was fixated right at her pussy Terry laughed hard again.

Kidding me Terry said to me; What are you looking at? I let out a laugh. Oh your importent part Terry. Terry laughed a litle harder. Are you impressed? Terry asked me. Now I laughed and told her YES! Then Terry after this said to me; Take and get my coat out of the way. So I took her coat opened and and pushed it back around her. Then we both sqauted down together.

Terry started pissing very hard rghtathe start of her piss. The force of her piss stream made her pubic hair seperate which now gave me a better look of her pussy. The lower end of her pusy's clit was showing. It was dark colored as far as what light there was in the alley. Her clit was as what showed looked like it was swollen up so it looked stiff and large. That may have been just the way it was or being from the cold outside air.

Terrys slit opening was very long. That was really all else that I could tell. Her curly pubic hair around the rest of her pussy kept it hidden from sight. Now her piss stream like I had said had come out hard and went straight down. Thwe white snow turned a darl yellow instantly as her piss hit it. Terry let out a soft sigh too. Now that feels better Terry said outloud softly. Her stream was not hissing but it would in several more seconds.

The several seconds passed and her stream started to hiss softly but got louder as Terry pissed. Now her warm piss had melted through the several inches of snow so it had reached the pavement of the alley and with the melted snows water and her piss it splashed softly and oh I almist forgot her warm piss alog its stream and where it had melted the snow and was hitting the pavement steamy vapor was comming off from her stream and the pavement.

As Terry pissed the small hole her piss had made in the snow grew larger as more of the snow melted. Terry had drank wine with me at the bar but she had must have drank much more before she had met up with me. Terry took a long time taking this piss! In fact Terry had pissed long enough and having her sweatpants pulled down and having a lot of her body exposed Terry began to shiver slightly. Terry also giggled and told me it was cold out here.

So what Terry did was cut her pis stream off. It did puase and she did have a couple of weak spurts still come out but then she did manage to stop her stream. Ihelped her stand back up after she started pulling up her sweat pants. Terry had stepped closer to me while she did thsi to try to get some of me to get warm. She managed to get her sweat pants back up and we agin both butoned up her coat.

But we did not start wlking yet. Terry hugged me hard as we stood there in the middle of the alley. She was still shivering and shehugged me hard to get warm. That took several minutes and she did warm up. But then still hugging me hard as we stood there Terry asked me if I HAD TO PISS! I took a step back and looked right at Terry. I asked her why she asked me that. Terry answered me by saying to me giggling hard; I want to see what you look like!

Terry went on giggling and talking. Tony told me wahtyour cock looks like! He told me your cock has quite the curve in it when its hard. It is that way right now? Terry asked me now giggling a lot harder. I smiled and said back to Terry; It is that way right now. Terry right then reached down with one of her hands and went right for my jeans zipper! Let me see! Terr said to me.

Oh no you don't! I said right back to Terry. With her hand now on my zipper Terry had a puzzled look on her face and she was confused by me saying no to her. I told Terry; Your'e hands are going to be to f*****g cold! That made Terry giggle hard again. Well let me warm them up! Terry said to me. Terry then took and put both of her hands in the front pockets of my jeans. With doing that now I felt both of Terry's fingers on each of her hands slide over and she was feeling for my cock with her fingers!

Once she had felt my cock with her fingers and had stopped Terry gave me a kiss and then pulled away and giggled a little and also smiled when she didn't giggle. It sure does feel hard but I don't feel that curve that Tony told me about! Terry said to me in a loud whisper. I let out a litle laugh. Oh that's becuase my jeans and briefs are tigh so it's pressed right up into me. That means it has to be out to e curved! Terry next said to me. Yes it does I answered back to Terry. Ok I'll wait till my hands are warm. Terry said to me.

