The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Three

2nd January 2008, 06:35 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): Fearful that she might have permanently disgraced herself at table and embarrassed that she enjoyed it, after a fashion, Anna was surprised to be invited to join her new friends for an unspecified form of entertainment.

###

Supper was over and Anna and her three new friends, bidding farewell to Clarissa, joined the crowds of LaRoche's guests spilling out of the beautifully decorated dining room and into the entryway. Janice clutched in her right hand a carafe of white wine liberated from the supper table; a great quantity of this beverage had already found its way into all four companions, and they chattered and giggled drunkenly as they supported each other up the stairs, walking being a much more difficult process than it had seemed but hours earlier. The stone was cool upon Anna's bare feet, though the air, even at night, was warm upon her body. Anna had never before seen so many people together and unclothed before; and Fatima would constantly point out those whose physical forms most pleased her visually, praising them highly and in so loud a voice that she could not but be overheard, while her left hand worked constantly between her thighs.

Anna, though still too timid to attempt this lest she cause some offence, nevertheless found that this commentary excited her, calling up minor but pleasurable sensations from that centre of pleasure she had so recently discovered. A warm and viscous secretion, emanating from thence, cooled upon the insides of her legs. Anna feared that, due to the quantities of drink she had consumed, it might soon be joined by another liquid from an adjacent source; but, Maria having informed her that she would presently have need of this fluid, she did her best to hold it in its place.

Having climbed to the third floor, Anna's friends led her into an adjacent corridor and through a series of turns so complex Anna had little chance of remembering it, especially in her inebriated state. This level came as something of a shock after the grand decorations of the ground floor; here, the walls were of dark wood, lovingly polished, but bare of ornament save for the two- and three-branched brass candle-holders which appeared every four or five yards and which provided the only light.

The doors, which appeared at longer intervals, were of the same dark wood as the walls and graced with brass doorknobs moulded with a simple geometric design. The floor was of cool, brown stone, scrupulously swept. Though at first they shared their way with many of LaRoche's other guests, these quickly began disappearing into chambers along the way so that, by the time they stopped in front of one of the innumerable doors, they were all but alone; and the comparative stillness combined with the austerity of the narrow corridor had made Anna begin to suspect that the doors hid small stone cells such as monks inhabit.

It came, therefore, as a shock when Maria opened the door and Anna beheld the room the three girls shared. Here was luxury of a sort she had never imagined! This chamber alone was, at the least, twice the size of her father's one-room labourer's cabin, where she had until recently dwelt with her parents and five siblings. The floor was carpeted thicker and more softly than the lawn in front of the house, and strewn with cushions in various colours and sizes.

A small fire, superfluous though it might be for warmth, burned in a stone hearth bathing the room in ruddy light, and a row of tall windows, spaced across the far wall, let in a slivery flood of moonlight; and this was all the light there was. And then, there was a bed, though the carpet would have made a softer resting place than Anna had ever slept upon; but Anna did not at first recognize it as a bed due to its massive size and its lack of bedclothes beyond a single, thin covering sheet. All three of her new friends could lie in a line along the bed's shortest dimension, with the feet of one girl touching the head of the next, and none would be forced off.

Anna stared at this, struck dumb, as Janice, Maria and Fatima entered, giggling, accustomed to the splendour of their surroundings. It took a moment before Fatima looked back to see Anna frozen in the doorway, and, returning, took her kindly by the arm, closing the door.

"I was myself a bit surprised, when first I saw this place, that I should be allowed entry," said she, rightly interpreting Anna's astonished expression, "for it seems more fitting for a princess than a trio of common girls; still, I am certain thou shalt come to be more free within it. And now," she added, addressing all present, "I know not whether first I shall explode from the amount of wine currently within me, or take ill from not having experienced since this morning that diversion for which, as all know, I live."

"Presently," admonished Janice seriously, "but there is important business first." And she held up the liberated carafe, which was half-full of a liquid that the fire tinted orange. "For surely," she continued with a grin, "thou dost not think of thine own pleasure while there is still wine to be consumed!" So saying, she drank several swallows of that potation before handing the container to Maria and dancing across the room to look out of one of the windows upon the moonlit grounds, her red hair flying behind her.

Maria also drank, and gave the bottle to Fatima; and Anna, who was already discomforted by the weight of that juice fighting to escape her, half hoped that Fatima might be unable to drink so that she herself could avoid this duty without offence. But Fatima sipped and gave the decanter to Anna, who had no choice but to take a deep breath and drain it as quickly as possible; and, unsure what else to do, returned and placed to carafe beside the door, that it would not be in anyone's way.

Then she joined the others upon the bed, though still uncertain what they were to do; but Janice took her in hand and, while Maria and Fatima got to business at one end of the giant bed, made Anna to lie down upon the other end and laid herself on top, with her head betwixt Anna's legs and Anna's betwixt her own. "For it is by the stimulation of this organ," she said, touching a place on Anna's body, "that we shall each have our pleasure." And, so saying, she began to lick Anna with her tongue, and indeed it felt very pleasant. Anna looked closely at the patch of red fur in front of her face, soaked with the secretion of that hole which it practically hid even from this close inspection, and at the glistening nub protruding therefrom; and stuck out her tongue and licked it. The flavour was subdued but not objectionable, and Janice paused in her ministrations to Anna's equivalent organ long enough to say, "Yes, Anna, continue as quickly as thou canst!"

So, they both continued, and the pleasure created by Janice's tongue became stronger and stronger, and Anna wished Janice would never stop; still, she felt obliged to warn her new friend and so, taking back her tongue for an instant, gasped, "I fear that if we continue thus, thou shalt soon find thy mouth filled with an entirely unexpected liquid, one I cannot much longer keep inside me!"

And Janice responded, "As will thou! 'Tis the entire aim of this exercise! But keep it in for as long as thou canst, now continue!"

And both continued, tongues moving rapidly, bodies sweat-drenched. Anna felt Janice's fast breathing stir her curly, black hairs. She felt Janice close her lips and suck upon her, and the sensation was heavenly; so that presently she copied the action, eliciting a gasp from her friend and a slight pause in her labour. And so they went on, licking and sucking; and just when Anna's bliss became so much that she thought it impossible any mortal could experience it, this sensation expanded to be felt throughout her body.

She yelled as her body convulsed, and was vaguely aware of losing control of her bladder, and of spasms running through the body of her friend; and, just as her pleasure seemed about to subside, a warm fluid gushed into her open mouth, triggering another, similar explosion. This time her yell came out as a gargle until she choked and swallowed; and when she came fully to herself, she and Janice were lying side-by-side upon the bed, each soaked with the other's urine and her own. Anna was still leaking that fluid into the bed as she lay, satiated in a manner she had never before known, one arm trapped beneath her friend's fundament, but content to lie thus, unmoving, forever.

Presently, however, this delightful lethargy subsided. Sitting up, Anna discovered Janice and Fatima seated together on the carpet, leaning indolently upon cushions, their legs spread to offer the wet hair between them to the fire. Maria was not to be seen. Anna rose and joined them, choosing a blue pillow as long as her torso and moving it beside Fatima, whose hair had come partially undone from its braid, the yellow ribbon by which she bound it temporarily lost. "Thou yelled near as loud as Maria when thou finished," that lady observed with a thin smile. "I presume that thou enjoyed thyself?"

"O, gods, yes!" Anna admitted. "I knew not that such sensations existed! Even when Jack helped me this morning, I did not finish, as thou calls it, with such force, and only once." She looked at her friend, whose dusky skin was tinted red by the fire, and her eyes were drawn irresistibly downward. She blushed, though in the semi-darkness it was not visible. "Though I saw myself and my sisters unclothed every day before I ran away," she said, quietly, "and never felt anything odd, I confess the sight of thee and of Janice now excites me, as when I first saw Jack's organ; indeed, as did all of the men I saw today!"

Fatima laughed, but it was gentle and not meant to insult. "That merely means that thou art ready for more," she said and, turning toward her new friend, gently touched her upon the left breast; the tips of both these protuberances hardened with a pleasant sensation.

"Thou knowest now how I feel all day long; for the organs of both the males and the females, uncovered as they are here, all keep me constantly excited." Her hand slipped down Anna's body and came to rest between her legs, the touch warm and sensual; and then she began to rub Anna, slowly teasing the sensitive nub that grew there.

The door opened and Maria slipped back in, carrying two large bottles, one full and the other mostly full of liquid. "Water," she said in response to Anna's perplexed expression.

"We like to keep ourselves full with whatever is available." She gave one bottle to Anna, then grabbed a cushion and sat beside Janice. Anna drank a few swallows, then gave the bottle to Fatima, who took it without ceasing her rubbing of Anna and drank; and Anna, hesitantly at first, put her own hand upon Fatima's hairy bulge, their arms crossing at the elbow, and began a similar rubbing, of which Fatima approved by a smile and a return of the bottle of water.

But the events the water caused must have their own chapter lest the author, being distracted by his own work, commit errors in this one.

