A joint effort

26th October 2009, 08:56 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

The other night I happened across an old girlfriend on the facebook site, while nattering about old times she remembered the letters we used to send to each other.

Before the days of the internet!!!!

We both had a laugh about it and somehow agreed to try and write a story between us, this is the first part please let us know what you think, it would be nice to get abit of critique. The first chapter was written by her and the next by myself its going to be fun to see where it leads.

A Life On The Road.

Chapter one...

Driving down the country road , music blaring, wondering where the road will take me, i took a wrong turn a few miles back, deciding to keep driving so sure i would find a hotel soon.

NOTHING IN SIGHT FOR MILES

I decide to pull in at the next layby, been drinking soft drinks all day and desperatly needing the loo.

I pull in a few hunded yards down the road a bit scared, its dark and lonley except for a truck and trailor the driver seemed to have parked up for the night.

Getting out of the car quietly i tap on the drivers door, to find out where i am, nothing moved his curtains pulled right round "he must be asleep" double checking to make sure i hadnt disturbed the driver i look around, theres a hedge in front of me then nothing but fields, I can feel the wetness from my inner self trickling down my leg as i move slowly between the hedge and the back of the truck, one last look around praying no one will see me. i squat down and start to pee releasing the pressure from my bladder., it seems an ever ending flow, Holding on to the trailor to stop myself from falling, i feel movement, the driver, i must have woke him up, as i look up he is looking at me from his mirror, i cant seem to stop myself from peeing, i try to look the other way, embaraced i finish and stand up.

The driver opens the truck door and jumps down "needs must" he says making light conversation i smile an embaraced smile as he turns towards where i was peeing, i start to walk towards my car when he starts to pee himself, I look round (something you just cant help but do) he is watching me, he laughs and say its ok you can watch i just watched you.

I run to my car, get in and lock the door, puting my head on the steering wheel while thinking what to do next, i hear a light tap on the window, i look up to see the driver of the truck, he is holding his licence in his hand and his papers from the firm he works for, just to let me know he was ok and not some nutter.

Sitting shivering in the car he says to me "you are welcome to come into the truck" he explains the nearest hotel is about 20 miles away, and its not the easiest place to find,

I decide to join him his truck was nice and warm, he offers me tea from a flask he has and pours himself one also, i can feel the tea warming me up as we talk for a while getting to now each other. He was so easy going, i felt i had known him for years.

He told me he had to get his head down to sleep as he was up early in the morning and that i was welcome to share his bunk, no funny business, so i agreed. I could hear him lightly breathing, my heart was racing, trying to calm down, feeling alert i looked around his truck, seeing some magazines lying in a heap i picked one up. *How To Share Your Fantasy* hmmmm i thought as i started to read it. I had never really thought about a fantasy dont know if i ever had one well... that was untill i started to read.

I lay on my stomach, a night light above me, quietly flicking through the pages "how to enjoy your own pee" , "golden showers and beyond" and many more fantasies, Is this why he was watchin me i thought, It kinda excited me, i looked round at him sleeping quietly , as i read on i could feel myself getting turned on, my clit throbing making sure hes asleep i slide my hand down between my legs, i feel the wetness as i grind hard onto my fingers, pleasuring myself, i dribble slightly onto my hand the tea we had earlier filled my bladder again i have to pee,

Not wanting to go out the truck myself i gently rock him, "are you awake" i ask he groans slightly and asks whats up, i smile at him and say i need to pee, he sits up and sees what ive been reading, he grins at me and says ...

Chapter 2:- From the drivers recolitions.

Just got my head down enjoying the stilness of the evening and reading a couple of mags i'd picked up at the last truck stop. I've been on the road since stupid oclock this morning and still got several hours of hard driving ahead tomorrow to get to my drop.

Heard a motor pulling up behind me in the layby, I quickly turned off the lights in the cab if its the old bill i didn't fancy talking to them at this time off the evening and if it's any body else i wanted to be able to see them in the gloom in case they were after my diesel, there had been reports of trucks getting there tanks emptied overnight in the locality. I pulled the curtains back a wee bit so i could just see down my left side in the mirrors to keep an eye on the tank.

The soft crunching of footsteps on the gravel alerted me to the fact that somebody was walking up the side of my waggon then a gentle tap on the door to soft to be a cop, thought here we go somebody don't want to wake me so kept quiet let them think i'm asleep they'll be in for a nasty shock when i get down with my tyre bar when they start to drain my tank.

Watching from the mirror i see the shape of someones head pass by in the shadows down between my waggon and the hedge.

I was quite pleasently surprised when I saw that it was in fact a rather attractive lady, she quickly looked about then pulled her her skirt up and knickers down and holding onto the side of the trailer squatted down and started to pee. All my christmases had come at once, you see my all time pleasure is anything to do with pee I often would look down from the cab whilst i was driving watching the ladies driving past and gently letting my pee go in my pants imagining my hot pee flowing down there breasts. Still back to what was happening.

She really must have needed to go, from how she was squatting facing the front of the waggon i could just make out the shape of her pussy a hot stream of pee squirting in a gentle arch and landing about 2 feet in front of her she must have been peeing for about a minute when i thought i could do with a closer look so i jumped down from the cab.

She looked up startled but didn't stop peeing just stared at me with a shocked look on her face, she glanced away not meeting my eye. "Needs must" I mumbled. What a twat I thought what do I say I didn't want to scare her .

Too late she quickly shook her self. To get the last few drips off I suppose, then turned and walked quickly back towards her car. I looked down and saw where she had peed a large wet patch showed in the gravel ah well fuck it i thought in for a penny in for a pound so i lowered my zip and pulled out my semihard dick and started to pee where she had, looking up at her I noticed she had stopped and turned around and was watching my pissing dick quite intensly when I had finished she walked the rest of the way to her car got in but just sat there shaking.

God i hope she wasn't going to take offence and rush off to report me for flashing or something thats all I would need. I needed to get to my next drop so as to be paid for the run.

Thinking on my feet I took the driving docs from my pocket to show her I was'nt some maniac or something she glanced at them quickly but still looked unconvinced "Sorry she said but i'm kinda lost and really needed that pee, can you tell me where i am and how to get to the next hotel".

"My maps are in the cab", i said "look you can't sit here in the cold why don't you let me give you a cup of tea and we'll have a look at them and you can work out where you need to go from here"

We went back to my cab and sat had a tea and a natter for a while, it turned out the nearest place for her to stop was about 20 miles or so away so I offered her to stay with me for the night no monkey business but I couldn't see her sleeping in her car over night when i had a nice warm cab and plenty of room. I explained to her that it was her choice but as i had an early start to get to my drop on time I was going to get my head down.

I laid back on my bunk left her plenty of room to snuggle down beside me and shut my eyes. Sleep just wouldn't happen no matter how much I tried I couldn't drop off, the vision of her squatting and peeing beside my waggon just wouldn't leave my mind and I could feel my dick getting semi hard in my pants. I turned my back towards her and rested my hand in my groin playing with my by now hard dick through my trousers even letting a little spurt of pee go in my pants and rubbed it in hoping she wouldn't notice. I could hear her rustling around in the cab and then it went quiet for a while. Then all I could make out was the turning of pages...Shit shes found my mags what will she think of me but then thought fuck it if shes going to be offended its not my problem.

Then i felt her shaking me "are you awake" she asked. Stupid question if you ask me but i won't get into that now. I pretended to come too and asked her what she wanted " I need to pee" she said I looked down at the open mags on the shelf in front of her and couldn't help but smile. She didn't look like she was in any way offended by them if anything she looked a little bit flushed as if she had been caught diddling herself, it was then I noticed the unmistakenable smell of a turned on pussy that slightly sharp odour that can only come from the female kind. I pulled the curtain back and looked out the window it had started to rain and blow a bit outside so I said "well you can't go out there unless you want to get soaked and cold"

"I can think of a better way of getting soaked" she said looking down at the mags.

My heart started thumping in my chest and my dick sprang up as hard as its ever been "Theres my washing basin under that seat if you want to use that i'll turn my back if you want" I said, hoping she wouldn't want me to,"or i can think of an even better way for you to go".

Her eyes seemed to light up and a wee smile turned up the corner of her mouth making her already attractive face even prettier.

"Whats that" she asked.

"Well i'm really into watersports in a big way" I explained." And it would be a fantasy of mine realised if you would consider letting me drink your pee straight from your sweet pussy"

She thought about it for a few seconds then reaching up underneath her skirt she slowly pulled her pants down and pushed me back onto the bunk and straddled my body, bunching her skirt up in her hands she moved up my chest and sqatted her knees either side of my head.

I looked at her pussy just inches from my face now. She had shaved her lips but left just a small triangle of hair on her mons, her slit was quite long and her inner lips hung down about 1/4 inch or so.

Her clit was standing proud at the top of her slit and her pussy glistened with juices. The smell from her was out of this world, I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't in some kind of dream world.

"Are you sure about this " she asked. " Oh yes i'm sure!" Please give me all your pee let me taste you, let me feel the hot pee coming from you"

While she was shuffling the last few inches up to my waiting mouth i undone my zip and pulled out my throbbing dick caressing it, stroking it, precome already dribbling down the side of it lubricating my hand as i slid it up and down. My mind was in a turmoil of sexual thoughts my dream was about to come true an attractive woman was going to piss into my mouth!!!!!

She reached down with her fingers and sliding them either side of her clit she seperated her lips letting me see the pinkness of her insides from the slight gaping of her vagina up to her pee hole and on upwards to her clit which I swear was visably twitching. Her juices were bubbling from her hole and I watched as as a dribble of her come juice slowly ran down towards her arsehole before dripping onto my chin.

She then lowered her self down onto my open mouth I sealed my lips around hers then put the tip of my tounge into her vagina and moved it round feeling her hot juices coat it, the taste was more than I imagined it would be she tasted really sweet but with a slight bitter taste just on the edge on my tounge. Sliding my tounge up her slit I felt her pee hole and flicked my tounge over it before carrying on up and licking at her clit.

She rocked against my face a moan escaping from her. MY face was awash with her juices the thick creamy juices coating my face from my nose to my chin. I could feel them running down my neck and pooling in the hollow of my throat .

"Here it comes" she said, giving me only just enough time to slide my tounge back down her pussy and pushing it into her hot hole.

A hot squirt of pee escaped her rushing across my tounge and hitting the back of my throat making me gag slightly I moved my head to the side a bit and the next spurt hit the roof of my mouth filling it.

Ohhhh the taste!! It was wonderful a mixture of honey and cream with a slight acid overtone

She slowly carried on peeing stopping to allow me to swallow as she felt my mouth fill she had amazing control and managed to pee for what seemed 5 minutes. All to soon it was over and I felt her relax onto me and reach back and take my throbbing tool in her hand.

She carried on grinding her self onto my face and I flicked at her clit with my tounge rolling it back and forward then sucking it into my mouth and flicking gently at the tip while I reached under her and slid my fingers into her hot hot pussy. I probed and slid my fingers slowly in and out of her, her juices where running down my wrist and my hand was soaked with her come, I pulled my fingers from her and ran the tip of my fore fingure round her arse hole lubricating the entrance to her nether regions, then sliding it into her tight brown hole. Slid a couple of my other fingers back into her pussy so i was finger fucking both her holes.

She released my dick and leant forward resting her hands on the wall above my head. Allowing me more room to play with her.

I could feel her pussy swelling against my mouth and the inside of her pussy swelling just behind her pubic bone. I concentrated on this area inside her feeling it pulse under my finger tips. All of a sudden she lifted her pussy away from my mouth and with a load moan started to shudder. Her pussy clamped down hard on my fingers and with a scream she started to squirt. Squirt after squirt of hot clear juices came shooting out of her pussy soaking my face the pillow and even the wall behind. When she stopped squirting she kinda flopped forward nearly smothering me. Shuddering and shaking from her knees to her shoulders all she could say was "oh my god oh my god" over and over again.

Eventually she seemed to calm down abit and sat back. Looking down at me she saw how wet i was and with a smile leant forward and started to lick all her juices from my face and neck...

