A Reality of Summer Pee Parties

24th January 2012, 12:42 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Its been a long time since I last posted. Josh and I missed several of the monthly pee parties our group hosted. For some reason pee parties seem better attended in the winter months than summer. I'm not sure why that is considering the better weather in the summer and the accessability to the outdoors which makes for no (or easier) cleanup after a party. Realistically speaking peeing at a party during the winter can be a turn off unless the heat is turned up. I find I get chilled shortly after getting peed on.

Well anyway, Josh and I only attended one pee party and that was in August. There were only two other couples there which was more intimate but led to conversation lags. I can't answer why but, I'd half to rate this party as a bust. We did enjoy the impropptu dinner we had bit the conversation was strained. The whole evening was strained to me. It was as if everyone drank loads of liquid in order just to get the peeing over so we all could go home. Despite this I managed to enjoy myself. Josh of course enjoyed himself now that he's slowly emerged as somewhat an exhibitionist.

Its really funny, some guys when their turn to pee, merely unzip their fly remove their penis and go. Everything is tucked back in almost before the last of the stream has hit its target. Josh on the other hand stands up, removes shoes, socks, and everything else, positions himself for all to see, aims carefully and stands there for about 30 seconds. When possible he prefers to pee hands free. I swear he would pee hands free everytime if he could. When he goes its like a deluge. When hes finished he does not stop his stream, he is so relaxed the stream dwindles down to a dribble, then a drip. He just stands there when finished, I guess in case theres a couple of more drops just waiting to be set free. For him its quite a production.

Guys arent the only ones who "pee on the sly". One women in our group prefers to leave her shorts on and in place. She manipulates her shorts so she can pee. As soon as shes finished she lets go of her shorts and steps away from her target. When being peed on, she prefers to remain fully dressed. She never changes clothing for the remainder of the evening. She will not allow any pee to come anywhere near her hair.

The other couple at this party was more like most party goers. The guy removed his shorts (he's an avid freeballer like Josh). He left his tee shirt on. He steped up to his target and peed. When finished he gave it the old shake then steped away. His wife lifted her skirt when it was her turn to pee.

When my turn came I did my normal routine, I took off everything as usual. I have blogged before about my need to be 100% completely naked while peeing. I'm sure that is a fetish of somekind but early on I developed the need to be naked while peeing. I had a difficult time at college learning to pee while dressed. Anyhow as Josh was my target at this party so I positioned myself over his face and let go. Like Josh I stayed naked after I peed.

With all the liquids we consumed it wasnt long before round two arrived. We continued with the theme of staying with our marriage partners for this party. In this round the goal was to consume everything your partner offered. Josh stood up, I sat cross legged on the floor and took it from the tap. He's pretty good at gauging my rate of swallowing. I thought I was going to burst before he was finished. I had to pee long before the second couple was finished. Josh managed to take most of my offering.

One other couple chose to pee in each others mouths and let it run out. Personally I dont like a stream hitting my tonsels, that sets off my gag reflex bigtime.

We had one last session before departing for the evening. For that we drew straws. the person with the short straw had to lay down while the other five peed on them. The guy who got the straw was quite happy to offer it to anyone who wanted it. You all know how I like it, so you can guess who was the target for this session.

After the party Josh and I slipped into our sweats without showering and drove home. We continued our evening peeing party by ourselves in our shower at home. After sex we fell asleep in each others arms. I woke up just as Josh was waking up as he had to pee.

"Wait for me" I said.

Next time I'll post about Januarys party.

Emily

