Average life turned...wet! part 7

10th July 2014, 03:39 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 7.

Several weeks went by, the neighbors were away again for business and living at their main house a few states away. Rob and Kim enjoyed their sex life to the max, so much actually the they started writing erotic stories, not very fast but when an idea came up the wrote it down or actually typed it up on the computer. They had synchronized their office document and when Rob wrote something, Kim would proof read and when Kim wrote something or continued each other's story, Rob would proofread.

Rob had a business trip coming and had to leave for a few days, leaving Kim to herself and comforting her and suggesting she plays a bit with herself and using the 'emergency' ice cubes. After Rob left and she got up and found a note on Rob's pillow, she picked it up and read, «remember the morning present you left me one day? I left you one this time, had my water and a jog, look in the bathroom on the hamper, mint candy on top is my extra touch, try it! Love, Rob».

She walked to the bathroom and found his jogging shorts, completely soaked, «How in the world does he do that without anybody seeing him?» she thought a moment and took the shorts over to the breakfast able and laid it down next to her plate. Looked at it and picked it up and sucked the juice out of it, she actually got a mouth full and it was just a touch warm still.

Kim ate her breakfast and dressed to go to work. She called the clinic and asked it here were any patients waiting or any messages. There weren't' any and they suggested taking the day off. As soon as Kim hung up, the phone rang again. The voice sounded familiar, «Hello Kim, it's me Sabrina, remember, your one time Stepdaughter», Kim remembered of course, she was the girl coming out of 'hiding' when she was standing in front of her door long ago when she was still married to her first husband, the 'surprise' her husband had been hiding for several years.

«How are you, it has been a long time and we had such a nice relationship back than the few times we spend together, I would like to visit you, can I?»

«Sure, of course» Kim said. «When are you planning your visit Sabrina?». «Actually right now, I am just driving up your driveway now, sorry for the short notice, I found your address or actually found the clinic you are working at and searched the directories and her I am. I was in the town nearby for my Job and so I thought now it is time the visit, now or never.».

Kim got a bit panicky and asked her to wait he few moments because she still had to dress she lied, but actually she need some minutes to clean up some evidence maybe, some dvd's that might be easy to spot but she could not think of anything else than that. She walked to the door and opened and pretended to smile and enjoy the surprise visit. As soon as she saw Sabrina get out of the cars, the fake smile disappeared and made place for a real smile, some woman she turned out to be, «she must be in her early 30's now or late 20's not sure» Kim thought.

Sabrina entered the house and they hugged. They were happy to meet again, it had been a long time. Kim had asked how much time she had and Sabrina told that she could stay several days because she finished her job assignment early and was not expected back in San Francisco for several days anyway so she thought of doing some sightseeing maybe and asked Kim she would like to join her. Sabrina had always loved Kim, not as a stepmother , she only had spent some time with Kim a few times before Kim and her dad split up but as a friend, Kim had a warm personality and was caring and helping if needed.

Sabrina had been avoiding contact with her real father for quite some time now, «dad is a jerk, how could he ever leave you for the younger version and actually she was not your younger version she used him and dad sunk deeper and deeper.» Sabrina talked and talked and was feeling good. Kim had suggested that Sabrina stayed at their house as long as she wanted and make herself comfortable.

Sabrina accepted the offer but only if she could help around the house as long as she was there. Sabrina asked if she could have something to drink but demanded to get it herself. Kim told her were the fridge was and Sabrina left, Kim was away in her thoughts when it dawned on her that the special ice cubes were in the freezer. Sabrina would not probably go in there because she could get fresh ice cubes from the dispenser at the front.

Sabrina came back with a glass of orange juice, so all is safe Kim thought. But when Kim looked closer, she saw that in the orange juice floated an...ice cube! And it did not look like an ice cube from the dispenser in front ! Kim was distracted but continued the conversation. Sabrina sipped her drink and took the cube in her mouth and kept sucking it. Not noticing anything at all. After about five minutes there was a 'by the way'. «Kim what is in this ice cube, I took one from the tray in freezer instead of from the door dispenser, it taste lovely, what did you put in it? Rosewater or something?» Sabrina went on, «you got to tell me, great idea to make ice cubes of your favorite juice and use them in drinks instead of just water, what is in it?».

Kim dropped her jaw, slipped and fell of the couch and chokes on her own tongue almost. Legs up in the air and Sabrina could notice that Kim was not wearing any panties, «and that is another thing I forgot!» Kim thought at the same time realizing she was exposed. «Sorry Sabrina, just slipped and fell, how about some lunch, I don't have to go to work today and maybe I cancel my appointments for a few days to spend some time together if you like, I certainly would like it very much. Rob is away for a few days and I would like some company.»

«Ok I just freshen up a bit and then we eat, ok Kim? Can you point me to the bathroom please?»

Sabrina went to the bathroom and splashed some water on her face. She sniffed, «what is that smell» she thought? Kim went into the kitchen and slapped her own face as she remembered that she put Rob's wet shorts back in the bathroom after sucking on it for a while.

Sabrina looked and found were the faint smell came from, a pair of shorts, soaked. The smell was not all that bad actually good she thought. She picked up the shorts and held them to her nose. Mm, smells familiar and put the shorts back down. «Someone has peed his pants» she thought and could not resist licking the tip of her finger. «Yes very familiar, taste a bit like that ice cube if I am not mistaken, but immediately she canceled the thought, «no couldn't be, and never heard of pee ice cubes.»

Sabrina came into the kitchen and asked if she could help and was thinking pursuing the recipe question for the ice cubes but decide to let it rest for now.

Lunch was ready and they decide to eat outside near the pool. «Sabrina dear, no one is around so if you enjoy a sun tan all over, go ahead, we do it all the time, it is too hot to wear a swimsuit anyway.»

«Ok, Kim maybe later». The lunch tasted good and after they made some plans where to go for some sightseeing.

Kim and Sabrina left the house and were going to a nearby tourist place, some old native Indian village that had been found in the nearby hills and actually Kim had never visited there either. After about an hour's drive they came up to the parking area Only one other car parked there and when Kim and Sabrina got out, an old couple came walking over and entered the car and drove off. «Well so much for tourist attractions» Kim thought. They could just wonder around, no guards, not ticket sales, no eateries or vending machines even.

And the few buildings that were there were all closed and probably only used for maintenance or had excavating tools in them. Lucky Kim had thought of bring some snacks and a few water bottles at least so they would not die of thirst. They started hiking, the old caves and village, what was left of it, was about a 30 minute walk. When they arrived it looked actually neat, better than they had hoped for. The sat down at a bench and enjoyed the view. It was a bit spooky, some scrubs and cactus plants around, they were not completely comfortable but they felt assured that no one was anywhere near. The eat a candy bar(and put the wrapping back in the bag), drank some water, and drank some more water.

They could get very near some of the caves and strolled around a bit more before heading back. They brought their phones and took some snapshots as proof that they were there, Kim noticed that there was no reach from where she was standing but it did not matter. They started heading back. After about 5 minutes Sabrina told Kim she has to pee and was looking for a spot. Sabrina was unable to locate a nice spot, not in view and was scared for snakes. Jumping around, her hand pushing in her crotch, she desperately looked at Kim. «Can't Hold it Kim, got to let go»

«Ok, don't worry, it will be dry by the time we get to the car, just let it go and if it is comforting to you, I need to go as well so watch me!», Kim suggested. Kim spread her legs and the wet spot started growing, she had chosen jeans for this trip because of the possibility of mosquitoes. The jeans became soaked, front and back and dripping down her legs. It never reached her shoes however, it started to dry up very quickly. «See Sabrina, it is so warm that the stream won't even have change to reach the ground and the crotch will be dry before long. « Sabrina smiled and called out to Kim, «Ok here it goes!»

She must have been very full, the crotch soaked immediately and there was so much force that it leaked from the crotch to the ground. Kim and Sabrina, giggled at the lewd behavior and continued walking the parking area. After about 20 minutes they saw the entrance and parking area. «See», Kim said, «all dry!»

They got in and left for home. In the car they still laughed and could not believe how quickly it had dried.

Sabrina mentioned to Kim that she actually enjoyed peeing in her pants, she might repeat that if needed. The jeans did smell a bit but they did not mind. Kim thought to see a twinkle in Sabrina's eyes.

«Rob and I pee our pants sometimes Sabrina, if we are hiking or alone in the woods, who cares, no one notices and the feeling is great! «Kim smiled when she said it «And sometimes we even go further than that, but I won't get into that now.»

They returned home and got out of their clothes quickly. «I will be nude now if you don't mind and jump in the pool» Sabrina told «Join me Kim!» Both women jumped in the pool and swam a while. Kim got out of the pool and was getting something to drink and by the time Kim got back Sabrina just climbed out as well.

They sat down and drank a glass of ice tea and quickly followed a second and just as Kim was preparing to pour a third, Sabrina said that she needed to use the toilet. «You need to go pee Sabrina, just do it here, I will clean up later, no need to get up, Rob and I do it sometimes, it is great fun, just relax, you enjoyed it earlier so why not now?» Sabrina smiled and thought by herself, «this is going to be fun!»

Sabrina spread her legs and the fountain started and landed almost between Kim's legs. «sorry Kim, I did not know it would reach that far.» Kim just smiled. «Oh yes, I can do what you can also, watch me!».

Kim let loose and her stream reached even further an under Sabrina's chair. «Wow Kim, nice going, it is fun, I could do this again later.» Kim's stream ended and Kim felt naughty and wiped her hand across her pussy and licked her hand, pretending to do it automatically and not looking at Sabrina. «Sabrina however did see it and told to Kim, «nice going, I like it better than seeing someone picking their nose.» Kim just smiled and answered.» It is lovely Sabrina, it is clean and sterile and it can taste great, try it.»

«Really Kim? Ok» Kim reached over and swiped her hand quickly across Kim's mound and licked the juice of it. Kim was startled, she did not mean tasting her pussy but had meant for Sabrina to have taste of her own juices. «Yes not bad at all Kim and now my own, want to try it too Kim? It is really nice». Kim was flushed and stammered a bit, «where is this going» she thought out loud and took Sabrina by surprise when Kim went down on her knees and used her tongue to have a taste of Sabrina's juices instead of using her hand.»

Now it was Sabrina who was being flushed and started to stammer. «Oh nice Kim, I love it, let's do this again, I want to have my turn tasting you that way.» Sabrina was the one now refilling the ice tea and drank it down in almost one go. Kim was not far behind. «are you sure you know what you are doing Sabrina? I don't want you to feel that I lead you into it.»

«Kim, I have been around, I know what watersports is, I am from San Francisco, an adult shop on almost every corner and every once and a while I came across some watersports material. It fascinated me more than I thought, I realize now and I just turned 30 so I had my share of boyfriends already. I am it seems bi sexual maybe because being with you and coming this far made me very hot.» Kim downed her glass and refilled again. After about 15 minutes they both felt the urge again and they sat across from each other, each had their feet on the others ones seat. «Ok her it goes; let's try to do it at the same time» Sabrina told. They opened the flood gates and tried to push as hard as they could, splashing each other.

Suddenly Sabrina dropped to her knees and covered Kim's pussy with her mouth. She swallowed as much as she possibly could. After about a minute she came up for air and told Kim that she had more and it was Kim's turn next if she wanted. And Kim did want it badly! Sabrina sat back down and lifted her legs in the air and tried them to fold the near her head. «Kim come up behind me and put you head just above my head, I want to try this.» Kim dis as she was asked and Sabrina let go. Her stream almost immediately arced and into Sabrina's own mouth. Kim moved a bit forward and drank from the same stream, cutting of the supply to Sabrina, but Kim moved back and forth, taking turns in catching the stream.

After Sabrina finished they kissed and sharing tastes. Sabrina started to talk, «You know Kim, this is going to be a fin couple of days, and you don't have to tell me the recipe of those lovely ice cubes you have in your freezer, I know now Kim how you made them...»

To be continued in part 8.

