Kim changes her job...

4th July 2006, 01:43 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Many of you will have seen my earlier posts about my first g/f, Kim: we're now getting to the end of those tales with maybe one or two more to come after this one...then it's time to move on to subsequent relationships.

Again, the disclaimer about the words - they are necessarily approximate but the sequence is crystal clear in my mind!

Kim had been working at a local company but it got into financial difficulties and along with a number of other staff, she was made redundant. Her parents had moved "up North", so no chance of moving back in with them - she had to let the flat (apartment) go; fortunately she had finished the minimum term and the notice period was short.

Very quickly she was approached by a friend of a family friend...she was invited to look after a couple of youngsters. Having done some short-term au-pair work a couple of years before, this didn't come as a complete shock - the job was live-in, all found, with no accommodatioon worries, although the pay wasn't great.

The parents of the youngsters were wealthy - big house in a very well-to-do village about 5 miles or so from the town where my parents lived. I was by now back at Uni - but came back from time to time. Weekend work for her meant that opportunity to even meet Kim was very limited but after the Summer term ended, I arrived back home and called her up.

I collected Kim in the car - she had obviously only just finished work and apologised profusely for not having changed. Not as if I minded...it was just good to see her. We spent an enjoyable evening at the pub, catching up on the previous couple of months and finally leaving some time after "drinking up time": I must admit that I shouldn't really have contemplated driving home that night...

Kim was quite merry and we were both aware that sex was on the cards...not exactly making love, just a couple of 20-year olds thinking they had invented it and wanting to perfect the art of a variation... We just needed the opportunity...

Back in the car - still in the car park - we were soon kissing and touching and my hands soon confirmed what I had suspected - she had no bra beneath her sweatshirt, something most unusual and quite daring for Kim. Further, she hadn't been for a wee while we were in the pub, although I had, more than once - things looked very promising, though there was no way we could go back to my parents' place and strictly speaking, her live-in accommodation was also off-limits for me.

Nevertheless I took Kim back to her new residence but stopped the car some way short and switched off the engine. We were soon kissing and touching again...

Kim: "Lesley and Brian will be in bed by now. the boys will be sound asleep...why don't you come in?" How could a red-blooded male refuse? I locked the car and we walked quietly along the road to the house and around the back - fortunately not many security precautions nearly thirty years ago!

Having entered the utility room and kitchen, we listened for sounds from upstairs - there were none. We crept upstairs, timing our steps to coincide, though the thick carpet deadened the sound nicely. Kim's room was at the front of the house, while the owners and their young boys slept at the back.

Kim didn't have a bathroom en-suite but there was at least a wash basin in her room, which was large, although it had slim metal legs and certainly didn't look robust enough to sit on. A by-product of the size of the room was that in addition to providing living space for Kim, it was also used for storing all manner of stuff needed for the kids - any parent reading this will know exactly what I mean!

Kim had a single bed with green candlewick bedspread (trendy, huh?) but this would do...as there was some risk of being caught, we conversed in whispers and decided to keep some garments on!

Kim lay on the bed and I knelt beside her, unzipping my jeans: her sweatshirt was pulled up, exposing her breasts, while she quickly unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them down to her knees, complete with white knickers. I could see the gusset was stained and damp from her juices - Kim blushed when she realised I had noticed but when I told her how exciting it was for me to know that she was wet with anticipation, she kissed me deeply and squeezed my prick.

She had obviously shaved her pussy very recently - she was quite smooth with little hair. She was very wet to the touch and as soon as my fingers slipped between her labia I heard a sharp intake of breath.

Kim: "Ohhh...that's so sexy. I love it when you touch me when I need to wee, I'm nearly coming already".

Me: "Why didn't you go in the pub?"

Kim: "We haven't done it for so long, I just wanted to do it, my orgasm is so strong when I need to wee - I usually do it in the bath here".

Me (curious as usual): "How do you do it?"

Kim: "When I'm feeling sexy, I'll hold my wee - sometimes it just starts when I realise I need to go to the loo but I have to wait until I've finished work and then I can run a bath and relax..."

Me: "Tell me more!"

Kim: "Sometimes I'll get myself an extra drink or two and make myself wait until I'm absolutely bursting, then I'll run the bath. I get in and start touching myself. When I can't hold on any longer I make myself come and my wee just spurts out - I don't have to worry about wetting things when I'm in the bath!"

Me: (fondling her breasts and nipples with my other hand as well but pragmatic as usual) "well you can't do it here...and if we go to the bathroom, won't Lesley or Brian hear?"

Kim: (in a coquettish girly voice) "Ooh no...it's dark out on the landing, I don't like this big and scary old house, you'll need to help me have a wee-wee in here".

I saw her looking past me and turned round - as I did so, I realised that under a low shelving unit there was a child's plastic potty and on another unit was a stack of towels. Turning back round I saw her fingers slip between her labia. My prick was standing up like an iron bar but I got up and she directed me to select a couple of the older towels and to bring the potty over.

I put a towel on the floor and placed the potty on it: Kim deftly slipped off her jeans and knickers and swivelled off the bed. She hovered over the potty and then squatted down. She leaned back against the bed - the other side was against the wall, fortunately - giving me the most incredible view. As she parted her knees, her neat slit was spread wide apart and I could see every detail lewdly displayed. I lay down in front of her and reached out to her pussy, palm upwards.

My middle finger slipped into her vagina and I massaged her clit with the pad of my thumb. Kim closed her eyes and let out a little groan...

"That'll make me pee...that's lovely..."

As I slid my finger gently in and out (regrettably, this was a long time before I knew anything about the existence of a G-spot!) I felt her muscles tense and a few drops of urine trickled into my palm.

"Uhhh...going to come...going to wee...can't help it..."

As her orgasm overcame her, she steadied herself against the bed, gasping - my finger was pushed out and a forceful jet of hot urine squirted into my hand before running off and pattering into the potty beneath, although quite a bit ran down my arm and onto the towel. As the tremors subsided, she relaxed her bladder and let the rest of her pee pour into the potty.

When she finished, she looked down at her offering and giggled as I got to my knees - she reached out to touch me and we kissed again, which was sufficient to make me come quickly, spurting over her hand.

Cleaning up took a few minutes - the contents of the potty being poured down the washbasin drain and washed away, while the pee and semen-splashed towel was shoved unceremoniously into the linen bin ready for washing.

Slowly we got dressed: we had another kiss and a cuddle but then decided that staying longer might be unnecessarily risky. Finally, we tiptoed downstairs and Kim let me out of the front door. We kissed once more, and then it was a quiet walk back to the car. A discreet departure was followed by a defensive drive home with no sign of the Police, fortunately.

I got home at about 01.30: very unpopular with my mother at that time...

