My bus - Fictional Male desperation

29th January 2013, 10:42 PM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

It was just a normal afternoon. It was really cold and snow had started to fall. Me and the rest of the guys had sat that little bit longer in the depot than usual, warming our hands on large coffees courtesy of the brand new cappuccino machine. It had definitely tempted me to drink a second cup. That and the weather, and then it was time to go. I shrugged into my fleece as I made my way to the van. Jingling the change in my bag I jumped into the driver's seat and powered out into the street. I would probably make it just in time. God it was cold!

I sat in the car park waiting for my bus. It was twenty five past two and I was due to start at two thirty with a short 10-15 minute break at six, depending on how busy we were.

I listened to Radio 1 in the van with the heating cranked right up. I rubbed my hands together with my fingerless gloves on, until finally at two forty five, the bus appeared.

I made polite chatter with Roy and then settled myself into the driver's seat closing the door behind me and putting on my florescent vest. It was time to chauffeur my new bus of people. Once I got moving I started to warm up quickly and other than when I stopped the bus' heating system seemed to manage to keep me sufficiently warm, though I could have murdered another coffee.

The customers were not happy today. I could tell. We were running almost twenty minutes late already and it was snowing which could only make things worse. We'd been warned at the depot that it was the start of the big freeze today and that as the afternoon went on and the sun set it would only get colder and the snow would start to lie. In fact it already was. There were even sprinkles of it on the road, which surprised me because surely the gritters had been warned just as we had of the cold weather fronts approaching.

The school run was fairly uneventful compared to the usual. It seemed that maybe the schools had left at lunch time to avoid getting stranded. I wish they'd been like that when I was a kid, they never closed our school when it snowed.

As it headed past three thirty and towards four o'clock it seemed clear that the nine to fiver-ers had followed suit in the wake of the schools and opted for a cautious early finish. The roads were much busier and I feared that rush hour would pan out much longer than normal leaving me with that hard decision between following health and safety and having my break but facing angry customers or if I should see happier customers but forfeit my break in favour of the schedule. I always felt guilty whichever way I did it and would sometimes even write my break in despite not having took it.

By five o'clock I was hardly moving. I was due in town at the bus station for 5.05 pm but was only just approaching the half way mark in my journey. I kept hearing other drivers over the radio complaining of similar problems. It was almost complete gridlock on the way out from town and I was relieved that the traffic was still moving slowly on the approach to town. I had been over half an hour late on reaching the last stop before turning to approach town.

One thing that relieved me was that the customers getting on approaching town were never quite as anxious to rush around as on the way out of town. However, what wasn't relieved at this moment was my bladder. The coffees I'd drank earlier had found their way to my bladder at last and were teasing me to let them go. But for now it was bearable. There was only one hour until my break anyway. But part of me worried that there would be no way I would get that break at 6, if at all.

I pulled out of the bus station onto the main road out of town at 5.45pm and knew my break would have to be postponed until I got back to the opposite end of my route. This usually took twenty minutes without traffic and thirty five in rush hour with the occasional rarity of forty minutes. Though I had never drove my bus in the snow yet so wasn't sure how much time that could add and decided that the best thing would be not to worry about it. I decided that to take the attention of my now more pressing urge to pee I would concentrate hard on driving safely. I also put the radio on quietly enough so as not to disturb the passengers. Then I heard my mate Phil on the radio.

«It's complete gridlock here. I haven't moved for about thirty minutes and I'm dying for a pee.»

«I'm sure all the passengers on Stagecoach wanted to hear that.» I laughed quietly.

«I dunno mate, they might be sympathetic and object less when I lock them in to pee on a wall if they hear me cry over the radio about it.» He joked. Though there was something in his voice behind the joke that was pleading to be let off the hook.

«Stop using the radio as a social networking device.» It was the boss back at the depot.

More like a social wet-working device - Bob had texted me. He had an inappropriate sense of humour that always made me laugh and this particular joke sent me into suppressed fits of laughter, probably more from stress than it actually being funny.

The laughing made me even more uncomfortable and I thought maybe I'd have to grab my penis soon after the brief loss of concentration. I also realised that I should probably behave myself and decided to put my phone out of sight. In all this time I had only drove the bus ten metres down the road.

«Ahhh god, I'm not sure I'm gonna make it back to the depot.» Phil sighed down the radio.

«What's happened Phil? Has there been an accident?» The depot asked concerned. Though I could tell from his voice that it wasn't that kind of accident Phil was worried about.

«Errrm, no. Sorry boss. I have a less worrying predicament here. Well less worrying for you.» My phone beeped.

Seriously Max. I think I'm gonna wet myself, my bladder is throbbing, my legs are shaking and I'm sweating madly here. I've been squirming like an idiot whenever no one's looking.

Why don't you get off and pee in the street? I texted back hopefully. It was more so for my situation than his. Maybe if he could do it and not get in trouble I could too. But even as I considered the possibility of locking my bus in favour of a run to the toilet in the bus station I realised how much of a stupid idea that was. The traffic may well be standing still but I had a responsibility for the safety of my passengers. If I left the bus to pee it could not be when it was in the centre of town right next to the bus station. I would have to wait until it was at least safe to pull over, but could I. I had been this desperate before but never at work. I had never in such a predicament that my peeing could in fact endanger people under my care.

«I think I might have to get off and pee in a minute.» I heard a passenger close to the front of the bus say to his girlfriend.

«Shhh, don't let the whole bus know.» She spoke in a quiet voice that was almost a whisper, clearly she didn't want him making a show. I drove another few metres and then looked back at my passengers in the mirror. The lad who had said he had to pee seemed to be very uncomfortable. He wasn't squirming but was switching positions in his seat very often and kept looking at his girlfriend with pleading eyes and a face that was beginning to go red.

I had a feeling that maybe what he really wanted to do was grab his penis and rock forward and backward, but that he would rather not make it so obvious to everyone how desperate he was. That was how I felt anyway. I shifted again in my seat. This time I settled into a stiff position in which I was leaning over on one leg kind of pushing myself into it. I was also leant quite far forward. My legs were stiff. Every time I tried to re-position myself to release some of the tension in them I felt I might lose control. So I vowed to mostly sitting very still with my legs so tense that it had actually started to hurt them.

Whenever a passenger got on I struggled to lean towards the ticket machine over my bladder. It felt so solid and heavy now. It was like I was leaning over a big hard ball and the ball was pushing the pee towards my penis. I felt like maybe eventually the pee might be able to burst through into my penis. What then?

In a way I was lucky that there was gridlock. It meant that I didn't have to move the pedals much which saved my rigid position that so far was just about working.

Now it was 6.45. I was supposed to have had a break almost an hour ago.

«Lads. I suggest that as soon as you hit some sort of timetable and the road starts to move again that you take a break.» My boss said down the radio. «Make it twenty minutes, that way you can act as the bus after that one. You must ensure that the break is took at the end of a route and that there are no passengers on the bus. Make sure you lock the doors for your own safety.» I was fantasizing that break now. Imagining the forcefull gush of pee I would release wherever I was at the time.

«Damn!» I caught myself curse out loud and the lad who needed to pee looked at me in the mirror as I grabbed my penis in a reflex reaction to the sudden bladder spasm. It hurt. It hurt so damn much and I wriggled shamelessly to try and tame the discomfort and control the pee that was trying desperately to exit my body into my boxers. I felt like I had some sort of horrible deep muscular cramp in my lower abdomen and my penis was, was. Damn it was erect. Why on earth was it erect?

The lad mumbled some kind of angry comment to his girlfriend and then to her dismay stood up quickly and shuffled tentatively to the front of the bus. Feeling embarrassed by my outburst and cock grabbing which I couldn't be sure he hadn't witnessed I focussed hard on the road, feeling his eyes burn into me and seeing his shifting out of the corner of my eye.

«Hey mate. Do you mind just letting me off here? I err, I, I'm kinda desperate to pee.»

«Oh? Oh Oh right yeah - no sorry mate, I can't let you off here we're not even in the outer lane...» I felt so nasty forbidding him from his relief, but on the other hand if I could wait he could.

«Damn it man!» He turned to face me, stepping right up to the glass and putting his hands on my money collector.

«I can't let you off here.» I mumbled, slightly took aback by his sudden frustration and surprised by how built and tall he was close up. I couldn't look him in the eye, but I wasn't going to break a safety rule when there were so many buses around to witness it.

«Sorry, mate sorry. I just...» He looked down losing all his anger and suddenly looking rather vulnerable.

I then heard him inhale quickly as he bent forward placing his hands on each of his thighs, close to his crotch but not touching it. I could tell he wanted to though. His hands clenched and then released several times on his thighs and he kept lifting them as if he was going to grab himself. Part of me wanted him to grab himself so that maybe I could grab myself without feeling so gross about it.

My hard on had gone about forty minutes ago so it was now becoming increasingly harder to hold back my pee and at that moment, watching this guy on the brink of wetting himself right in front of everyone on the bus I wasn't sure how I was managing not to do the same.

It was definitely not helping me and I was tempted to let the poor guy off before it was too late. Hell, I was tempted to get off too and run away and then never come back. I was so desperate and it didn't matter what I did it would either embarrass me or get me into trouble with someone. There were now police outside on the street too, which meant even if I did get off to pee they'd probably stop me.

I looked around the seat frantically looking for a bottle or a cup and found a plastic coffee cup which sent a shudder down my back, through my bladder and to my penis causing me to inhale quickly and lean forward to grab my own cock. Though I couldn't be sure I think the lad standing right beside me must have seen, but to my relief I found him too busy dancing on the spot, he was now holding his penis. He didn't seem to have much choice.

«Oh god.» He whimpered. «Please.» I pretended not to hear him and looked away.

«Come and sit down Rob.» His girlfriend said to him in a parental tone with an undertone of sympathy. She put her arm around him and walked him carefully back towards his seat, though I don't think he actually made it back before he started to leak. About a minute later he turned and walked purposefully to the door and started trying to open it himself. He soon found the emergency unlock handle and struggled with it, trying to hold his penis with one hand and lean up above the door with the other, and then I saw it.

It started out as just a tiny drizzle down one leg, then it splashed to his knee from the top. He made one last attempt to hold back the floodgates by releasing his outreached hand from above the door and grabbing his penis with that hand and the other one as if he were trying to squash it to death, but it didn't work. Luckily for him though he had succeeded in opening the door himself. He stepped off the bus into the road and I watched as he trailed yellow snow to the roadside finally stopping on the pavement to finish.

He looked like he wanted to crawl away and die. Before he was even on the pavement his girlfriend had ran down the bus to see to him. She grabbed him in an embrace on the path and then when I was still stood there and all the passengers who were bored of being in traffic had took their opportunity to get off my bus she tried to talk him back on. He refused and walked away frustrated, probably more with himself than her, though she didn't seem to be the most sympathetic.

As I shut the door and put my foot on the accelerator for about seven seconds I felt my own bladder forcefully pushing everything in it towards my urethra. It trembled as did my legs and hands as my body stiffened even more than it was and I grabbed my penis again in shame. I was trembling. The pain was excruciating and I had to close my eyes to concentrate on not completely losing control. When I opened them again because I felt I should do I saw a small gap had appeared in front of my bus and that the traffic in front was moving, slowly, but moving for the first time in the last two hours. It was now 6.45pm. I couldn't do anything though. I couldn't move. Any movement and I would surely lose the battle against my pulsing bladder.

«Take your time!» A sarcastic voice yelled. I saw a man get up in the mirror and put my foot back on the accelerator taking my hands tentatively away from my penis in order to change gear and hold the wheel. That was not a good idea however. As soon as I let go something warm slipped into my boxers. It took a few seconds for me to realise I was actually wetting myself because I had sweated so much down there from holding on that my pants had already been damp and because I had felt so close to peeing for the last half hour or so that I had found it hard not to wonder if I had been. The only thing that had told me I hadn't was the lack of a patch on my trousers. I quickly looked down to see if that had changed. The bus skidded when I looked back up to find the round about and turned slightly too late to turn it.

I heard angry voices behind me but that was drowned out quite literally with the now uncontrollable stream that had started running down my leg and under my bum. I was peeing myself and there was nothing I could do to stop. The skid at the roundabout had been the last jerk my bladder could take and the movement of my feet on the peddals and my hands on the steering wheel and gearstick had made it impossible to find anyway to hold of the floodgates for more than a couple of seconds at a time. It had started out a slow little squirts but now as desperately as I tried I could not stop it.

Oh my god, it smelt so bad. After the roundabout the traffic was normal enough to move at last. Too little too late I thought to myself deliberately missing any stops that no one was getting off at. I didn't want anyone to see the mess I'd made, and I was still peeing. When would it stop? The seat felt like a bath sponge. It smelt so so strongly. The only good thing about this was the relief in my bladder. My body relaxed and I couldn't help but moan in pleasure at that. It was almost like a guilty orgasm mixed with the most intensely humiliating feeling. I was so tempted to pull over and run away, but I valued my job too much. Twenty six years old and pissing myself. At the next stop after the one person getting off ignored me I took my fleece off and put it over my lap. Though it was hard to hide my expression. I felt weak and pathetic. I was ashamed of myself and felt as vulnerable as an eight year old. Had I not had a bus full of people I might have cried.

It wasn't much longer than half an hour before I got to the change spot. I considered apologising to Bill, the old guy who was taking my bus, before leaving him with the wet seat, but couldn't find it in me to. I have never left work so fast. I hovered over the seat in the van, trying hard not to get that wet too. I handed in my time sheets then got in my own car with watery eyes as I drove home my penis hard as a rock as I remembered how pleasurable it had felt when the water had gushed out so loudly at full pressure warming my balls, legs and arse.

When I got home I was too ashamed to even tell my wife. Instead I went to the bathroom and locked the door. I was so ashamed, but still so hard. I quickly jumped in the shower and reluctantly grabbed my penis bringing myself to a rather swift and powerful orgasm. I don't know why I did it and apart from making my legs shake even more than they already had been after the wetting it just made me feel so much more ashamed. I sneaked my washing into the washer, my heart pounding until the cycle started and then went straight to bed, pretending to be asleep when my girlfriend got into bed. I knew I wouldn't sleep. How could I possibly face work tomorrow after ruining the bus like that? How unprofessional.

