Just a Girl's Night Out (Ficton)

27th June 2010, 11:41 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Sigh!~! just a nawti raunchy fantasy story cos i was feeling lonely, and raunchy and more than a little... oh maybe i better not go there~! lol! hope you enjoy it, its kinda different for me~! And BTW the descriptions are based on real friends of mine, only sadly we not done anything quite this nawti, but we have had some awesome girls nights out~! :

I am so excited I can feel my face muscles ache from the smile on my face! Finally with some wangling I have managed to get my three best friends together!! It is gonna be some night! I check my lipstick quickly in the rear-view mirror and then step outta the car, smiling as the alarm beep-beeps.

I walk quickly up the steps to the flat in the corner on the first floor and knock. As usual Gisela is a whirlwind of activity, her wild red hair bobbing as she quickly grabs her phone and handbag. I wolf whistle as I see her sexy curvy body in boots, tapering black trousers, a low-cut black wrap-around fine knit top, red waist coast and that gorgeous face with those translucent green eyes. Wow! She smiles at me when I whistle. «Ah thanks Liz,» she says «and wow to you too» she says, as her eyes move up and down my body. I am also in black, a long black a-line woollen skirt, black flat ballet slippers, a Lucifer orange silk wrap-around blouse and a black waist-coat. I am quite a bit taller than Gisela, but we both have great breasts, large, full, and creamy. And we both love showing them off. Gisela is a little nervous she has not met my other two friends of yet but we are both looking forward to a fun girl's night out.

We arrive at the Rooster Pub and Grill and as I know the way I walk in first, and see Ellie and Helen from afar. Helen's ice blonde hair and startling blue eyes are easily identifiable across the room, and I can see her head bobbing up and down to something Ellie is saying. Helen is a bit shorter than I am but taller than Gisela. Ellie in turn is taller than me. Helen sees me across the room and waves madly and Ellie spins round, her dark shiny hair swinging as she does so. Her gray eyes look more green than blue tonight but I know they change colour with her mood, her clothes and the weather. The tallest and slenderest of us all her breasts are still generous, but her curves elsewhere less noticeable. Her hips are less rounded, her body more athletically up and down, and she has long legs - I loving call her «giraffe».

Ellie is wearing a red silk blouse, unbuttoned low to show her cleavage, her dark straight hair is loose in a long bob, falling below her shoulders, and her high-cut black wool trousers are stylish and cling to her slender frame. She looks awesome. Helen is wearing a sapphire blue silk blouse that matches her eyes, dark blue trousers and navy pumps. She has a curvy figure, tanned skin, and legs that I have always envied.

The bar is popular it's a Friday and there are a lot of people there. Some couples, a small group of youngsters, and a group of unaccompanied men. As we walk towards Ellie and Helen I fee l the eyes of most of the men on us. We really must be a men's fantasy come to life, I think, smiling. Every body type is present, from curvaceous to athletic, short to tall, full busted to small but generous breasts. All hair types are present: a blonde, a brunette, a fiery man-enhanced redhead and an auburn natural redhead. Creamy olive skin, caramel tanned skin, light honey-tanned skin and ivory skin with light freckles. We really are the «all you can eat' menu I think impishly.

We order cocktails as I introduce everyone and Gisela quickly bonds with the other two women, we all share a naughty sense of humour so it's a great place to start. Me being pure me, I soon have the ladies laughing out loud at my witty comments about my day, whilst Helen is scanning the room and making comments about the available men. Cocktails are followed by more drinks, and the flashes of cell cameras as we all record the evening. To ensure maximum enjoyment we eat something so we can drink more, and as we wait for our steaks, Helen persuades me to dance. We move to the dance floor and soon we are lost in the music, as I slowly dance in time, hips swaying, breasts bobbing, eyes half closed. I persuade Ellie to join us but Gisela watches from her perch at the end of the bar, and she records our movements with her cell camera.

The music changes and becomes slow and some of the men nearest to us make comments... «come ladies,» they cheer. «dance together». Ellie quickly shakes her head and goes back to Gisela, the two watching Helen and I. I look at Helen who shrugs, and we move in closer, bodies pressed together and we dance. She fits nicely in my arms, and we dance well. The men cheer more, but as the music finishes we walk slowly back to our corner. Ellie and Gisela laugh at the men and show us pictures of how they watched us, Helen and I laugh too. Drinks start arriving for us. We wave at the men sending the drinks and try to keep up. I can already feel my bladder filling and I wonder how the bladders of my friends are doing! The thought makes me a little horny.

After a while, a brave man approaches us. He explains that he and his three friends are on a golf holiday and they offer to pay our bar tab in total if two of us kiss. We discuss it but come back to him with a suggestion that instead Gisela and I will do a shiver shot on each other. He goes back, liaises with the group and then comes back to say they agree. The barman shakes on the deal and we order tequilas. I place the lemon in Gisela's mouth, the shooter glass in her cleavage.

Then I slowly and lavishly lick her neck before sprinkling salt where I have licked. She shivers slightly as I lick. The men count it down and I lick the salt from her neck, lingering slightly to ensure I get all the salt up, then with my mouth I reach down and grab the glass in my mouth downing it in one go, and discarding the plastic shooter glass. Then I move in and grab the lemon from her mouth, and as our mouths meet so do our tongues and I taste the lemon from the wedge as the juice bursts into her mouth and mine. Its practised and perfectly done and very hot and Gisela's eyes as they meet mine are hot and sparkling. I guess mine are too, but I break away and the men cheer.

Gisela changes the rules for me slightly and as I have an elasticised woollen skirt on she makes me lie down across two bar stools. She pulls the waistband down and licks near my belly button. She sprinkles salt there, the tequila in my belly button and the lemon wedge in my mouth. As she pushes up my silk blouse and then leans over to lick up the salt my belly quivers and I hold my breath. Wow. That feels good. She sucks the tequila out of my belly button and I close my eyes at the sensation. Then she bends over to suck the lemon and sucks my tongue at the same time. Wow! it's hot and I feel myself respond. The men fall silent at the long kiss but cheer when she breaks the kiss and shows them the lemon rind. I laugh, pull down my blouse, hike up my skirt and turn to the men waving.

I see from Helen and Ellie's expression that the scene turned them on too, and with minimal provocation from the men across the bar Ellie leans over and kisses Helen. Gisela and I cheer too and we watch avidly, our own hearts still pounding from our own kisses. We order some more cocktails and decide it's time to go home. We are feeling horny, our bladders are nicely full, and it's an unspoken decision we intend to do something about that for each other. We are about to leave when the same guy approaches us and asks if he and his mates can join us. We look at each other and nod. They are way cute the four of them.

We decide to go to Ellie's house as it is after all a house and is closest. Once inside we kick off our shoes and Ellie brings out more tequila, wine and other spirits. We push the coffee table out of the way and collapse on the floor. The four men join us, watching our moves. Ellie suggests they take off their shoes and socks. We decide to play a drinking game. Somehow the rules get fuzzy and it seems no matter what you do, you wind up drinking. I can seriously feel that I have been drinking and not peeing and my bladder is full and round and I rub it a little feeling how wet and horny it makes me. Helen sees me and her hand reaches out to rub me and I reach out to feel her. Gosh her bladder feels fuller thank mine~!

As the evening progresses we decide to make it interesting and add stripping as a penalty. Soon all of us are topless, with me being the last to lose. The men are already shirtless and Ellie, Helen and Gisela are already topless, the guys unable to take their eyes off their breasts. Ellie's are round in shape, and firm, with large areola's and long brown nipples. Gisela's are full, ripe, tanned and gorgeous, with smaller brown nipples. Helen's are smaller than Gisela's, pear shaped, with round, plump, rosy nipples.

The guys all cheer as I take I reach behind to unhook my bra, and as I pull it away, my large firm breasts bounce free. I DO love my breasts; they are large, bigger by just a bit than Gisela's DD's, firm, and bouncy, with small rosy nipples on the ivory skin. Gisela is watching me avidly and as my bra hits the floor she leans over and takes my one nipple in her mouth. I was not expecting it, but wow it feels good, electricity shoots through me, and I close my eyes and murmur softly. Gisela's other hand fondles my other breast and caresses me, softly. I feel my nipples stiffen and moan louder. Her hand moves down and circles behind me, finding my round firm butt and pushing my body against hers.

I hear another groan and look up to see Ellie suckling Helen's breasts. Helen sinks back against the sofa, Ellie following her. Oh God it looks hot! Ellie's dark hair against the tan of Helen's body is lovely. I see Ellie and Helen fumbling with each other's trousers, and my own hands reach for Gisela's slacks. I find the button and zip and she wiggles to help me get her out of them. She breaks free from my breasts to steps out of them, and I gaze lovingly at her curvy body, her lovely breasts and the gorgeous smooth waxed v between her legs. I wiggle out of my skirt; feverishly pull down my own French knickers and Gisela looks at my soft red pubes on the rounded mound of my womanhood. I hear a noise and remember we are not alone.

I look to the side and the men have at some stage ditched their clothes, and the four of them are standing watching, hard engorged cocks in their hands, stoking themselves. A giggle escapes me and the girls turn to look and smile. Hmmm ~ impressive. This is gonna be some night! I gently push Gisela down on the other sofa and start running my tongue down from her breasts, nibbling softly on her belly button as I move down further. Hmmm her bladder is full and as I push gently on her distensions she winces but also writhes in pleasure and my eyes gleam.

One of the guys, Clive, dark haired, tall, a few years younger than I am, and very cute, lovely hard body, and as I glance down, gorgeous big cock, moves closer. I run my tongue gently over Gisela's smooth pussy mound, the tip of my tongue finding its way past the lips to the inner pink folds and Gisela moans and grinds her hips against me. Clive moves over and kneels beside me and I obligingly open Gisela's lips so Clive can see her soft pink wet core, he leans over to lick and then turns to me and I kiss him deeply, tasting Gisela on his tongue and loving it. Gisela moans and asks Clive to come closer and he obliges, so I turn back to Gisela. She deserves a good tongue lashing, I decide, giggling to myself.

Tommy comes up next to me and I turn to him and he kisses me, sucking on my tongue, tasting Gisela's nectar, his hands find my breasts and I murmur deeply. Gisela has taken Clive's gorgeous cock in her between her gorgeous lips, and his eyes are closed. Tommy watches enviously and I turn back to Gisela, my thumb finds her clit and she rotates her hips as my tongue slides deep inside her, and I wiggle inside her. Tommy moves behind me as I kneel over Gisela, and I feel his huge cock against me and open my legs a little so he slides in. Oh my word, I almost nip Gisela with my teeth as he enters me, oh hell it feels good. He pulls almost all the way out then rams back in hard, and I thrust back against him so he slides in deep. OH MY G..! As he thrusts in from behind I match his rhythm with my tongue inside Gisela. She reaches up and finds my breasts as she sucks on Clive, who in turn has her breasts in his hands.

I feel someone next to me and open my eyes. Ellie and Helen have moved over, and so have the other two guys, Bill and Steve. I watch out the corner of my eye as Helen pushes Bill down and climbs on top of him. Oh my word she is so friggin awesome, her tanned body her blonde hair. I watch as she slides on top of Bill's cock, hear the wet sounds as she moves up and down. Ellie straddles Bills face while Steve mouth-fucks her gorgeous red lips. All I hear and smell is sex and it makes me wetter, I feel my juices as they run down Tommy's balls. Gisela is also close to cumming I taste her juices as they start to flow and lap faster, working my fingers along with my tongue inside her as she pushes herself against my face.

I hear Tommy grunt and feel his cock buck inside me and realise he is holding himself back from cumming. I push back and tighten my inner muscles against him and pull him in deeper and he gasps, thrusting harder. I hear all around me the sounds of wet fucking and groans, and it makes me hotter and wetter. Gisela murmurs softly and I feel her orgasm squirt into my mouth. I lap and lick until she stops moving and then I push my hand on her bladder and help her release, her sweet golden drops plashing against my face, spilling into and out of my mouth and running down my breasts. She almost scream her pleasure as I continue finger fucking her while she releases, and when she finishes her legs are shaking her eyes are glazed and her skin is covered in a sheen of sweat. When she can she opens those gorgeous eyes and gazes at me as a smile of contentment crosses her face.

Then I close my eyes as Tommy fucks me hard from behind, Gisela twists my nipples and as Tommy thrusts deep I feel him shake and his cum shoots inside me, hot and wet and awesome... I feel it seeping out as I relax and allow myself to cum, my juices mixing with Tommy's cum and running out over his balls. Oh how my body shudders and shakes, waves of pleasure running through me, while Gisela kisses me, hard and deep and murmurs, «cum, Liz, cum for me». I feel my bladder contract then release with the orgasm and my pee pushes out hard against Tommy's still hard cock and flood out from around him, over his balls and thighs.

I groan and feel my second orgasm rip through me. My legs are weak and somehow we collapse in a heap, with Tommy still inside me. Tommy leans over, his mouth close to my ear and admits he has never participated in pee play before and he asks me if he can pee inside me. I giggle and nod, holding my breath in anticipation and he stand straighter, his softening but semi erect cock still inside me, and closes his eyes, and I feel the warm wetness fill me. Gisela has moved so she can suck and lick Tommy's balls while he releases, lapping up his pee mingled with his Cum and mine as it seeps out. I love the feel of him filling me and I hear him groan in pleasure as I allow myself to cum yet again, my inner pussy muscles pushing on his now softening cock and milking his last few drops of pee out for him, as his stream wanes and dribbles to a stop. He pushes inside me a bit as he pushes to get every last drop out, and I smile. I believe he will crave pee play in future.

Tommy and I collapse next to Gisela and yet I feel warm drops and look up to see Clive aiming his stream at Gisela and I, so I close my eyes, open my mouth, and rub his warm wet piss all over my breasts as Gisela does the same. Clive finishes shaking himself hard, and then falls between us.

I look over to see Helen squatting over Steve, her fingers keeping her slight pussy lips open, her stream of clear pee flowing over his face, in his eagerly gulping mouth and down his chest and over his cock and balls. His hand is on soft cum, covered cock as he pees over Ellie who is bending over him, drinking from his cock like it was a water fountain, her hair wet and dripping from him golden shower. She does love to drink piss... more than I do, and she is practically gargling his strong seemingly never ending stream. Bill is still inside Ellie and from the look on his face and the gushing of liquid down her legs, he is enjoying relieving himself inside her tight little butt.

Gisela starts licking Tommy clean as Clive moves over to lick me clean. Somehow we all wind up licking each other tasting each other's cum and juices. I lie back huddling with Gisela, and then feel Ellie and Helen as they move to snuggle with us. The guys fall back and we all lie in a mass of naked, sweaty, hot, wet, glistening bodies. I feel a smile on my lips. Now this is what I call girl's night out!! I laugh softly and Gisela, Ellie and Helen look at me and laugh too. Gisela says softly. «hmmm and the night is still young...»

