Beach House 10: The Shopping Trip (1)

16th July 2012, 01:52 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Lara couldn't believe this was really happening. The girls had all shed their bathing suits, put on skirts, shirts, and flip-flops and were on their way to the nearby outlet mall.

Her excitement was not because they were going shopping, even though they all had plenty of money to spend. It wasn't the outlet mall that excited her. It was the anticipation of what they had planned that put her stomach in knots.

Following Cheryl's advice, Lara wore a black skirt that reached just above her knees. On her own, she decided to not wear any panties, certain that the skirt was long enough to hide this fact. If she was going to be wetting herself while out shopping, she wanted nothing to hinder the feeling of her pee trickling down her legs.

"Okay," Cheryl said, "since this is new to you, Lara, we'll give you some pointers. First of all, no one wants to get caught, so be careful when and where you go. If you do get caught, just play it off as an accident

. Other than that, use your imagination and have fun."

On the way there, all four girls were throwing back bottles of water, giggling as they drank. By the time Cheryl pulled the car into the parking lot, they were all visibly squirming. But they exited the car and walked into the outlet mall, maintaining their composure as they walked.

Their first stop was a shoe store. Several men in the store stared as they entered. Lara noticed one of the men smiling, raising his eyebrows at her and she smiled as she passed him.

It was a large shoe store with forty or so shelves lined with shoes of all kinds. The girls split up as Kiki and Danielle stepped down an aisle filled with sandals and Lara followed Cheryl down an aisle with boots.

"Hmm...," Cheryl said, "dark carpet." She winked and Lara smiled.

"Good thing, because I can't hold it anymore."

"Hang on," Cheryl said, "there's a lady coming down this aisle." Lara squeezed her sphincter muscles as a young woman stepped down their aisle, stopped halfway, and selected a box from the bottom shelf. She stood there, looking intently at the box, then put it back and selected another one.

"Oh, she needs to hurry up," Lara said. "I can't hold it. Mmm."

"Okay," Cheryl said, "she's not looking. Just step beside me, put your legs close together, and let out a little bit at a time."

Lara walked beside Cheryl, feeling a little safer as she blocked herself from the lady. "Okay, I'm gonna let go. Tell me if she walks this way." Lara sighed and released her hold. For the first few seconds, she was able to control her flow. Her pee trickled out, gently tickling her inner thighs and flowing down her legs. But this still did not relieve the pressure in her bladder. "I'm sorry, but I've really got to go. I don't care if she sees me." Without waiting for a response from Cheryl, Lara let go completely. Her pee sprayed against her inner thigh with enough force that she could hear it hiss. Her face turned red as she cut off the flow, wondering if the lady could hear it.

"It's okay," Cheryl said, as if reading her mind, "she's still not looking. Just go ahead and finish." Lara did not need any more invitation. She sighed again, spread her legs a bit, and peed full force against her thighs. Most of the spray struck her left thigh and snaked quietly down her leg, creating a puddle at her feet. "She's gone now if you want to really let go. I think I'll join you.» Cheryl turned to face Lara, closed her eyes and let go. Lara could see a slight glistening at the front of Cheryl's black skirt. Rather than falling silently down her legs, Cheryl's pee dripped down her skirt and to the carpet. It would have been impossible to see from anyone behind her, but for Lara it was quite a show. Cheryl smiled and shuddered a few times as she peed.

After just a few minutes, both girls were finished. Cheryl opened her eyes and smiled at Lara.

«Whew, that was nice. Now, let's see where my daughter went off to.»

