Imagination

15th July 2014, 12:23 AM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

She used to imagine, sitting there is class, that if only she concentrated just right, clenched in the proper way, relaxed her belly at the at a magic moment, then the urges would subside. She would shift in her seat, legs rubbing under the desk, hand straying between, weight shifting first to her right, then her left buttock.

Squeezing and releasing, tightening and relaxing, as each slow minute heavily dropped from the face of the clock. Ten long minutes until relief ... then five ... then one, but the secret set of contortions remained a mystery - the rhythmic urge waxed and waned, never quite lifting. The urge to disgrace herself, to raise her hand and plead to be excused, to run toward the door, grabbing herself like a little girl.

This was worse.

The tights and sun dress replaced by silk stockings and a little black low-cut number. The desk by a dinner table, a white tablecloth hiding her shifting legs. Worst, the tyranny of the clock by the unpredictable flow of a date. The urges building, muscles clenching and relaxing, her thoughts concentrating more and more on finding the perfect moment to interrupt, to excuse herself in disgrace.

He was so perfect, too. Well-dressed, funny and attentive. She found herself wanting to take him home, to seduce him, to feel his desire, to confess almost anything ... anything but her increasingly overwhelming need to urinate.

"Urinate." It felt better to think of it that way - mechanical. She found herself composing the sentence in her head "Sorry, I need to go urinate." Or even better, "Sorry, I should probably go urinate." Not "I have to pee so badly, and I'm not sure I can control it much longer." Not "I simply have to piss, and I'd like to do it in the toilet rather than in my panties

." Yes, "Sorry. I should probably go urinate."

But to think it is one thing, and to say it quite another. She opened her mouth and thought it at him as hard as she could. All of it. The urgent signals between her legs. The worry about a spurt of hot pee escaping from between her lips and staining the thin piece of lacy fabric that was now pressed tightly over them. Fear that the next spasm could work its way past the control she was so frantically asserting.

"I should probably go visit the little boys room", he said.

"Me too!" She said it a little bit quickly - after all, it's hard to think fast when all you can think about is not peeing. "I mean. No! The little girls room."

"You should go first." He was a perfect gentleman. Though he did seem a little bit disappointed.

The bell had rung. She got up gingerly, carefully controlling herself, stepping quickly but smoothly in heels now rather, not tennis shoes. But with the same frantic desire to hold herself, even just to let her hand stray to her backside, to bend at the waist, to sit on a heel. It was control - all she could muster - but just enough to keep her bladder fluttering on the edge of that final contraction which would fountain fragrant yellow tea past the tissue-thin cloth and in rivulets down her stockinged legs. She made it to the door of the ladies room before she had to stop for a moment and desperately summon the strength of will to hold and wrench the door open.

She was in! The room, with its single throne, was blessedly empty. Finally free from the threat of disgrace, she grabbed herself, rubbing furiously through the fabric to quell the urges built up by her slow, controlled walk. Breathing hard, she summoned the will to remove her hand and pull down the lacy undergarments, Thoughts turned to her date.

He certainly seemed disappointed when she excused herself. Perhaps he needed to go more than he had let on? The thought someone excited her. She imagined his need, grabbing himself under the table to stay dry until she returned. His bladder pulsing furiously, just like hers as she lowered herself onto the seat, just a gasp away from relief.

She tried to hold back as she sat. Controlling herself one last time, to the very end. Imagining him, seated at the table still, feeling the same desperate pulsing, uncontrollable yet vital to control. She felt herself excited, blushing as she concentrated with all her might on Simply. Not. Peeing.

It wasn't a trickle. It was just a few seconds before she felt it coming, the tingling of a spasm that simply kept growing and growing without recourse until a powerful jet left her and hissed, spattering into the porcelain bowl. And then another. And another.

She gave in completely, forcing it out now, finally allowing herself to bear down on those muscles she had spent so much effort relaxing. She was breathing hard, gasping now, feeling pulses of pleasure radiating from between her legs even as the piss poured from her body and the scent of urine filled the small room.

Finally, it was over. Even the spasms of pleasure. She sat for a moment, wiped, and then thought of him. Her hand reached back to flush, but she drew it back. There was only one restroom in the place - unisex. She opened the door, pulled the top of her dress just a little lower, and walked back to the table.

