Halloween Party? No problem!

5th November 2012, 05:03 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Hi everyone! I hope you all had a great All Hallows Eve. I certainly did; let me tell you about something that happened at the party I went to...

You've been to these things, right? A friend of yours throws an all-night costume bash, everyone brings a friend or two of their own, and suddenly you're surrounded by strangers. It's a good thing booze is served at these things, otherwise the night would be reeeeally awkward.

Being Pagan, I enjoy dressing up as a naughty witch, complete with pointed hat, black lace mini-skirt, and knee-high leather boots. And of course, being me, I left my underwear at home. Now before you say anything, yes, I know the message that gives. I know all the tricks to hiding my indulgences, plus it's always important to have a good spotter.

Which I did. Sadly my man was stuck at home sick as a dog, (thank you, Superstorm Sandy) so my g/f Alice tagged along, (also dressed as a witch) and she was really handy in telling me to wait a sec before sitting down, know what I mean? Hell, I do the same thing for her. My lovely Alice is not only my friend w/benefits, but she happens to share my affiliation for wetting. I... may have had a hand in introducing it to her.

Anyway, we were enjoying ourselves relatively, and soon we found ourselves lounging on a sofa. Now, I knew this would be a crowded party. I made sure to empty my bladder good and well before arriving. But you know, there's only so much you can drink and so long you can wait before you start to get that familiar ache downstairs. We had been there for around 4 hours. Oh yes, the dam was bursting. I leaned over to Alice's ear and said, "Hey hon. I've really gotta go."

She shot me a worried look and replied in my ear: "OK, did you bring anything to wet?"

Of course, I did not. I had no reason to bring my purse or anything else to carry them in; I didn't expect to be there as long as we were! I sheepishly shook my head at her in response.

She shrugged and leaned over again. "I guess you'll have to break the rule, just for tonight." She also gave me a peck on the cheek, as if to say "Sorry, them's the breaks." She was right. I wasn't just going to find something random in the house to wet; you don't do that to a friend. Defeated, I stood up to head to the bathroom.

Just then, I felt Alice grab my arm, stopping me. "Hang on... I can't just let you go on looking like that." With that, she stood up and accompanied me into the bathroom. I wasn't exactly sure what she was thinking, but if she had a plan, I was all ears. She locked the bathroom door and took off her pointed hat, reaching into it. I laughed out loud when she pulled out a pair of panties from it!

She looked at me with a big grin. "What?"

"That's pretty risky! What if someone knocked off your hat?" I asked.

"Hey, I've been careful all night. Besides, you're the one who encourages me to be inventive." She was right, I do. I was just astounded I didn't think of the idea myself!

She handed them to me and I instantly obliged. I slipped the panties on, lifted my skirt up and hovered over the toilet bowl. It didn't take long for me to get my flow going; one deep breath and push later and I flooded those panties. I cooed at the familiar warmth and wetness surrounding my pussy, closing my eyes and relishing the sensation. When I opened my eyes again, I saw Alice watching me, holding her skirt up and playing with herself!

I slipped them back off and set them on the sink edge, grabbing some TP to wipe myself down. I shot her a sexy glance and said, "You didn't bring these just for me; they were supposed to be for your wetting."

She shrugged and said, "I'm not worried about it. I haven't been drinking as much as you, so I'll be OK for a little bit longer." She then grabbed the panties and slipped them on herself, pulling them up tight against her crotch. My heart skipped a beat, that was so hot! She let out a visible shiver and leaned closer to me, giving me a big sloppy tongue-kiss. "Besides, now you've got me all hot and bothered. If I can hold out 'til we get home, we can have some fun with it..."

That was all I needed to hear. "Hey, you got it, sweetheart." With that, I washed and dried my hands, and we left the bathroom, unnoticed by the rest of the party. We said our goodbyes, and headed for my car. What happened later that night... is another story.

