Quickie in the churchyard with Kim

18th May 2006, 02:10 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Late autumn '78: during the summer, I had bought my first car... another new-found freedom! I was on a weekend visit home from University with one of my Uni friends; it was early Saturday evening and we were planning to go out to a pub in a nearby village with one of my former school mates. In the car, of course!

Kim had meanwhile moved jobs and was working some distance from the town where my parents lived and where we had both been at school - so it was something of a surprise when the doorbell rang and my mother ushered Kim into the house.

Kim announced that she was staying with a schoolfriend for the weekend - just a few streets away from my parent's place: she had walked round with the intention of blagging a cup of tea from my folks, not anticipating I would be home (this was long before cell phones, of course). This was a bonus indeed but engineering an opportunity might be a challenge, especially when she said she only had an hour or so and had to get back to her friend, as they were going out on the town...

Kim was wearing a clingy red jumper which showed off her 36C assets a treat, together with jeans and black boots. My Uni mate hadn't met Kim before - suffice it to say I could tell he was impressed. Dave (mentioned before, in "An Evening with Kim") knew her already - we had been at school together.

My mother was an unwitting but very welcome ally, plying Kim with numerous cups of coffee - I couldn't have asked for more! After a while I could see an opportunity emerging - it was raining and it would be necessary to volunteer to take Kim back to her friend's place but if we were going to take the opportunity, I'd have to leave my mates at home and make it quick!

Eventually Kim got up to leave and I said I'd take her back: she hadn't excused herself to go to the loo and I guessed that her bladder would already be storing the processed coffee. As we left the house Kim gave me a knowing look: we climbed into the car and she leaned over and kissed me - a promising start.

We needed to drive less than a mile - it was still raining but had slackened off. I stopped the car just short of her friends' house and we began to chat - after 28 years I cannot remember what we talked about but therre's no doubt we were both ready to exploit the slim window of opportunity! Within a couple of minutes we were kissing and I was tracing the shape of Kim's breasts through her jumper:

Kim: (breathing heavily) "Not here. We might be seen".

I didn't need any second bidding, so I started the car again and drove off. My mind had been working overtime, trying to think of somewhere we could go that was quiet and if possible sheltered. I remembered that there was a road next to the local church - less than two minutes away - that would be quiet. And so it was - the houses were much older and with more distance between, having been built long before postwar suburbia engulfed the village to make it a district of the town. The street lighting was not very good - perfect for what we had in mind! Parking the car, we started petting again - my fingers soon found the warm spot between her legs.

Kim: "Mmm, that's nice...but you'd better not go much further, I'm bursting for a wee and I don't want to wet myself!"

Me: "You could have gone while we were back at the house..."

Kim: "I know...I started to feel sexy as soon as I realised I need to go...I didn't think we would get an opportunity to be together alone and was going to make myself wait and then go to the loo and touch myself when I got back. And now I really need to go, it's all the coffee".

We kissed again: my fingers detected that Kim had a front-opening bra on and I soon had her breasts free and was gently rolling her nipples as we kissed. A couple of minutes more and I had managed to open the buttons on Kim's jeans and slide the zip down - she protested again that she was desperate to go but her protest was somewhat half-hearted and I persisted. My fingers slipped under the waistband of her knickers - Kim obligingly lifted her bottom and quickly pushed her jeans and knickers halfway down her thighs.

This was decidedly risky - although it was dark, someone walking past the car would easily see what was going on. Kim parted her knees as far as clothing would allow - not far - to allow my fingers access. To my delight, she had shaved again and was beautifully smooth - and she was very obviously lubricating perhaps more freely than I had previously experienced. My finger traced her neat slit and then slipped between to press gently on her clit and then to probe a little lower for her urethra, which I guessed would be sensitive. It was - immediately after withdrawing my finger a little, I detected a change of sensation and realised that she had leaked a little urine.

By now it had started to rain quite hard again and it was drumming on the car roof.

Kimpushing me away) "I've really got to wee, or I'm going to wet myself...there isn't going to be time to go back, where can I go?" She hurriedly pulled up her knickers and jeans...

Fortunately, I had an answer...some years earlier, my school friends and I had walked through the churchyard on many occasions, using it as a shortcut on the way to school. For those of us who in those days thought smoking was cool, we would stop off for a quick fag behind a row of mature beech trees which line one side of the churchyard - they are planted close together and are close to and parallel to a brick wall, the boundary of the old rectory, leaving a relatively sheltered and dry strip between. In addition to the cigarette ends littering the floor, usually there would be used condoms draped on the lower branches, as it was also a place young lovers would go. Not the most salubrious place, therefore!

Me: "there's a spot in the churchyard...not very nice but it's sheltered".

We got out of the car and Kim huddled by the churchyard wall as I locked the doors. We hurried in through the gate and along the path between the gravestones. After about 30 yards I led her off the path to the left and over to the trees - I knew exactly where the best entry point was! The cover offered by the closely planted trees was good and our feet were soon crunching on dry fallen leaves. The light was poor, though there was a street light some distance away and a light on the corner of the church itself to illuminate the footpath.

We stood quietly for a moment, hearts beating fast, checking that we hadn't been seen and that the coast was clear.

Me: (whispering) "What about here? Is this OK?"

Kim: "It'll have to be... I'm absolutely bursting!"

I pulled her to me and we kissed: again my fingers slipped inside her knickers -the gusset was very damp. As I did this, Kim pushed her knickers and jeans to her knees and spread her feet apart as far as she could: she squatted down and I did too - we were still kissing and my right arm was kind of supporting her back while my left hand found her vulva which was as slippery as before. I could feel her labia were parted by her stance - my middle finger easily slipped into her vagina, being rewarded with a hot dribble of wee into my palm.

Kim: "Ohhh...that's fantastic...it's making me wee...I'm coming!"

And as she did, leaning against me for support, a sudden and very powerful spurt of urine splashed over my hand, followed by a couple more heavy squirts which splattered onto the dry leaves beneath her. As she regained her breath, Kim let her bladder go and in a second or two more hot pee was cascading onto the leaves.

Then it was my turn - if you have read other posts in this series, you'll have noticed a pattern emerging - I gallantly offered her my hankerchief to mop up as we had no tissues: as she did so I pulled out my cock and made myself come in just a few seconds, the come shooting out and onto a tree trunk close by.

We headed back to the car without delay, to avoid detection and because we both had plans - unfortunately separate - for the rest of the evening. In the car, it was obvious that Kim's jeans hadn't escaped unscathed - we wiped the splashes off her boots with the duster normally kept for the car windshield but the inside of the lower left leg of her jeans was well-splashed with evidence of what we had been up to for the last few minutes!

I dropped Kim at the door and she went inside - she later told me that she just managed to avoid her wet leg being seen by her friend...and I headed back home to pick up my mates to take them to the pub. In the bathroom at home, I had a quick clean up myself - my fingers were delightfully musky with Kim's scent but I felt it was so strong that my mates would soon notice and figure out what I had been up to...if they suspected, they were both much too polite to comment!

Ah...such pleasant memories - it's good to be able to share them. And now...I think perhaps there's one more episode that needs recounting from the years Kim and I were an item - but that will have to wait for another time.

Hope you enjoyed...

