Sisters of Iesalia: Chapter Four

13th March 2012, 12:29 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

I've been worrying about this chapter, off and on, for over a month. Today, while I was doing something entirely unrelated at work, I suddenly figured out what I was doing wrong. I won't tell you what it was, because it would only ruin the story for you, but once I figured it out, I wrote the chapter in about an hour. I think I've got the next (& final) chapter worked out, too; but I'll have to do that later, because now I'm behind on my work.

###

Thus far in this story:

Chapter One:

In which some exploration is made of the Temple to Iesalia on the Hesen River, its function and its history, and some introduction to its Inhabitants, their offices, their lives and their Recreations.

Chapter Two:

In which one Sister introduces another to a Mystery, and the latter is Suitably Impressed.

Chapter Three:

In which an Interruption is not entirely Unpleasant, and a Sister attempts the Practice of a new Skill.

Now:

Chapter Four: In which an Unusual Event is Witnessed by one who very much prefers the Usual.

Keala opened her eyes, startled by the rustling of a leaf in the twilit garden.

"So," said Head Sister Wintharopa.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Following the events recorded in the previous chapters, Keala had no more doubts that being a Sister was what she wanted. When she wasn't happily participating in the Temple offices or performing her other duties, she spent much of her time making love, alone or with her Sisters. At first it was only Omily and Navalie, but she soon made many other very close friends within the static, single-sex population of the Temple.

Once, she quietly made love to herself throughout the exceedingly boring, eight-hour office of Gasira -- a mid-spring celebration of the Goddess's invaluable aid to her faithful during a large forest fire, as described in the Book of Iesalia and Vasham -- much to the amusement of Sister Alsatia, who was kneeling behind her on the hard flagstones of the Chapel of Rain.

The above-mentioned "other duties" had expanded: in addition to her turns at the Perpetual Adoration, she now helped daily in the Temple's kitchens -- mostly chopping vegetables -- during the hour between the evening gathering of rinth and supper, and in the gardens.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Keala and Jamil leapt apart from each other like startled rabbits, and began searching feverishly for their clothing.

"I would never have credited it," the Head Sister continued. "Well, evidently I did credit it enough to come looking for you, but I would certainly never have truly credited it otherwise. Am I making myself clear?"

"Yes, Head Sister," Keala responded automatically, locating her garment hanging over a low branch on a nearby oak.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

One evening, after supper, probably less than a week later -- for most days are the same to a Sister of Iesalia -- Keala found herself walking in the gardens by the Hesen River that formed part of the border of the Temple beyond which a Sister does not go without need. She had thought to pass some time with Sister Omily and possibly some others around lunchtime, but the opportunity had not arisen as she had expected, and her womanhood prickled, wanting attention. She sat on the grass beside the river. She considered visiting the privy, for her bladder was full enough to cause her trouble, but she had found that this condition could improve her pleasure; so, lifting the short hem of her garment began gently to rub herself. She closed her eyes.

When she opened then, it was just in time to catch another pair of eyes staring at her in astonishment. They belonged to a person who had just stepped out of the river, dripping, naked and -- shockingly but obviously -- male. Keala gave a squeal of surprise, and let out a spurt of pee; and, as she let go of her garment at the same time so that it covered her crotch, accidentally soaked a small spot on the fabric. The man shook his brown head as though to clear it, his male organ getting larger involuntarily, and looked around.

"This is the temple!" he said, as surprised as Keala. She gave a little nod, wondering if even by that she might be breaking her vows. She stared in fascination at his black-furred crotch, until she realized what she was doing and quickly looked away. "I -- I'm farther from home than I thought ..." he added, by way of explanation. "I'm so sorry. I -- I'd better go." He turned, embarrassed, and began walking upstream.

"Wait!"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"A Sister of Iesalia is meant to be incorruptible," Wintharopa continued, as four more shapes wearing off-white Sister's garments materialized behind her. Sisters Fage, Hosalia, Jisa and Naqua watched Keala and Jamil unsympathetically. Keala had, by this time, located and fastened her sandals, and draped her garment over her body, though she was still unable to find her belt. "You did understand the vows you took when you became a Sister?"

The question was probably rhetorical, but Keala answered, "Yes, Head Sister," anyway. In fact, she reflected, a Sister's vows were quite specific on this subject.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The man turned and looked at Keala, who suddenly found that she didn't know what she had been going to say. It had been she who called him back, but there was no good reason for it. She blushed. "How did you get here?" she asked, and knew immediately it was a foolish thing to say.

He answered anyway. "I was swimming in the river, and like an idiot, I let myself get caught in the current." He shuddered. "I thought I was going to drown, but I managed to pull myself ashore, and immediately saw you ..." He hesitated.

"Making love to myself?" suggested Keala. He nodded. There was an awkward pause and, scarcely knowing why, Keala blushed again as she asked: "I suppose men make love too?"

Nervously: "Yes."

"With ... that?"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"A Sister is meant to be incorruptible, although she should never need to be," the Head Sister continued her lecture, now looking at Jamil, who was naked save for the various fluids, his own and Keala's, that the cooling breeze was drying on his skin. Despite the circumstances, Keala found her eyes drawn to his flaccid, protruding member. Part of her longed to have it once again inside of her, but another part, with a growing awareness that she was, at the least, to be banned from the Sisterhood, desired to crush it to a reddish pulp. She made no move to fulfil either desire.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"I'm ... Keala." They were kissing each other, and she was naked, and Keala had the idea that she might have missed something, but she wasn't going to stop to think about it. Despite his recent swim, his body was warm against her, and smelled calm and strong. He kissed both of her breasts, and she gasped.

"Jamil," he whispered back, as he lowered her to the grass. And he was examining her flower with fingers and lips, while she took his rod in her hands. She licked it experimentally and, pleased with the flavour, took it into her mouth, feeling his gasp of pleasure against her sensitive parts more than she heard it. It hardened in her mouth, and enlarged more than she would have thought possible. His beard, which must have been shaven this morning, was a slight abrasiveness around his mouth. That new sensation as much as his tongue made her burn with pleasure, and several times she thought she might have peed a bit in his mouth; though, if this was the case, he made no mention of it.

He broke off, after a short while, to gasp, "It goes in ... would you ... like me to put it in?"

"In where?"

"Here." Then he turned and kissed her face again. "I think it hurts at first, but you won't regret it."

Uncertainly: "All right."

"Ready?"

She nodded, and he shoved his hips forward. She screamed, this time in pain, and clutched at him; but slowly, the fullness inside her body changed to a pleasant sensation, and she realized that she was gushing pee all over both of them. As always, this warmth on her skin made her shudder with pleasure, and Jamil's pleasured gasp suggested that he was no less gladdened by the circumstance. "Oh, gods!" she whispered; and, when it seemed he would pull out, she hugged him harder and cried out, "No!"

"I'm just moving it around, a bit." And, indeed, it was better that way. She gasped as he pulled most of the way out, and as he pushed it back in again, she shoved her body up to meet him, moaning, as the pleasure seemed to fill more of her body.

Faster and faster they came together, pushing as though they would become one body. When she was sure there could be no greater pleasure, she was always proven wrong; until, as her pee stream, already slowed to a mere trickle, came to an end, she felt his organ jerk within her, and spray of a hot liquid inside of her body (which at first, confusedly, she identified as pee). This new sensation, on top of everything else and coupled as it was with Jamil's moans of pleasure and a constriction of his arms which pressed her hard nipples against the soft but rough hairs of his chest, caused her to explode with pleasure in a manner unequalled since her first experience of such a spasm under the influence of Omily's clever tongue. With Jamil's pleasantly warm weight on top of her, both of them breathing heavily, she closed her eyes. For just that moment, everything in the world was right.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Bring them both," said Wintharopa. "We'll have to keep them ... separate until the Mistress tells us what to do with them." With nervous glances at each other, Keala and Jamil allowed themselves to be led away by her erstwhile Sisters.

