All bottled up

1st June 2009, 09:19 AM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

Every once in a while, I get so turned on by the idea of drinking a stranger's pee that I have to do something about it. Something about it being a total stranger...

This time in particular, I was visiting another city, and I found a girl on CL who sold her panties. After a quick exchange of emails, we agreed to meet up and have her fill up a bottle for me. I told her to drink lots of water, and hold it all day.

She was a long train ride away from where I was staying. By the time I got off the train at 2pm, I was dying in anticipation. Just thinking about her holding it all that time was such a turn on.

When I arrived at her place, she looked relieved. She had dyed hair, tattoos, and a very sexy curvy body. She was wearing a tight ribbed white tank top. I handed her an empty 20oz Vitamin Water bottle that I had drank on the way over. "I have to go so bad," she said. "I'll be right back." About 30 seconds later, she came back out giggling, holding the bottle. "It was a lot easier to fill that up than I thought it would be," she said. It was full all the way to the brim!

Just feeling how warm the bottle was almost made me cum. Here I was, holding this gorgeous girl's hot piss. A couple of drips that had overflowed, making the bottle a little wet. "Thanks," I eked out. I shoved the bottle in my bag, and surrounded it with a sweater to insulate it.

Waiting on the train platform, I couldn't resist pulling out the bottle. Her piss was a light color, so she really must have had a lot of water. I realized I had her fill up the "Green Tea" flavor bottle, so the color sort of matched what you would expect to be in there.

Once I got on the train, I sat across from a couple of college-aged girls. I exchanged looks once or twice, and then pulled out the bottle. I unscrewed the cap, and took a deep sniff.

Her pee was sweet yet funky smelling. It was intoxicating. Then I took a little sip, and held it in my mouth. So delicious! I swallowed and replaced the cap. The fact that I had just drunk piss right in front of these girls, in public, was making me crazy.

I finally got off the train and made it back to where I was staying. As soon as I was inside, I couldn't wait. I had made her drink a lot of water, because I wanted to be able to CHUG her piss. I can't if it's too strong.

I opened up the cap, unzipped my fly, and pulled out my cock. I brought the bottle to my lips and took a great big mouthful of her piss, swallowing it. And then another. And then another. I was literally dripping precum at the thought of drinking so much of her piss, so fast.

Then at the last 3/4 bottle, I made myself stop so I could enjoy the last little bit of it. I soaked in her funky and fruity smell one more time. It was like sour cherries with hints of cheddar cheese. Then I took a smaller sip, and swished it around. Her pee, my mouth. My dick almost hurt it was so ready. But I wanted to appreciate it.

Her pee was some of the best I've ever tasted. The flavor had notes of pomegranate juice, with a slight saltiness, and maybe a hint of malted milk. But it was light enough to really enjoy. I savored the sip, and swallowed it. Then I drew a more generous sip and held it in my mouth again.

Finally, holding the sip in my mouth, I took the bottle and poured the remainder into my right hand, cupped. I took my hand and splashed it against my face, and then smeared and rubbed it into my face. Her piss, my face. I grabbed ahold of my purple dick with the piss-soaked hand, and gave myself just two jerks. Instantly, I shot super watery cum twice as far as I'd ever shot it. I kept pumping, and it kept cumming and cumming. It was crazy. To this day, I've never cum as much, or as hard, or as far. It was like a super soaker.

I still get hard thinking about that one...

