Penny- Part 2

18th January 2016, 12:21 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This is a continuation from "Penny" , ( $t=58596) part of a series.

This story contains desperation, wetting and lesbian themes.

Penny- Part 2

###

...So, after the experience with Penny this weekend, I truly found in Penny this beautiful and amazing woman who I could connect with on so many levels. Was it love? I don't know. I just felt like I was falling in love. But it was the experience that we shared with our bodies that kept me so excited that after I left Penny's house to go back to 'real life'...going back to work, etc...I realized that I had been craving an intimacy that I never found with anyone else. That level of raw, organic connection with a lover's body that was found with sharing our love of pee. The possibilities started to spin in my head...if this was just the beginning, how far would we take this? Would we make this the focus of our relationship, would it break us apart, or would it just make us closer? I was still so happy and on cloud nine that I didn't have time to think about the future.

It had only been a few days...After all, when I left Penny's house after our last experience, I didn't change, and I didn't shower for several hours...just the smell of her pee on my body was exciting...knowing what we did. I actually rubbed myself to orgasm as soon as I got in the door at my house...I hadn't felt so awake sexually in my life. It was as if all the prior sexual experiences were forgotten in comparison to what I did with Penny. So, yes, I found myself falling for her...all I could think about was that first meeting in her dirty, dusty and smelly old house.

Penny and I shared our phone numbers, text, our Facebook, and our lives became intertwined only after a week. I knew that as we got to know each other more, there might be things that would challenge us, but after a week, nothing like that existed. And honestly, I didn't even care. We started calling each other during the week. I felt like it was moving so fast but neither one of us cared. I didn't want to bring up pee or sex, I just wanted to hear her voice and talk with her to know how she was doing...She texted me a photo of her pouty lips with a message that said 'Kiss Me- tonight...' I kissed her like 30 times in my imagination at that moment.

It was Friday and I sent her a text..."I've been thinking about taking a walk ." Although I had my own house, the thought of being in Penny's house was exciting to me. Maybe it was the old, dirty country environment. Maybe it was a change of scenery. It was exciting to be in this place and be so vulnerable to Penny in her own domain. Her text back simply said "You know where to walk But my toilet and shower don't work. The pump is broken. Are you ok to come over?! (sad face)" I replied, "It's ok, could it be fun? ...Maybe?"

Penny replied "...I have been having 'fun' with this situation all day, and, yes, you probably know what happened." My mind raced. What did she mean? I was so attracted to her physically and mentally that the thought of her not using a shower or even not being able to pee in the toilet was exciting to me. I really surprised myself how open minded I was to being this 'open' about a lover's body and accepting of somebody's closest secrets about pee habits and potentially even her cleanliness. In most circumstances, this situation would be scary or a turn-off but with her for some reason, I found myself so excited by this sort of awkward situation that I was thinking about leaving early from work to take that 'walk.'

As I was ready to go home, I got another text from Penny..."I know you like have a bathroom and stuff, but how long can you hold it?" I replied, "I can't hold it very long, but I won't go, ok? lol (smiley)." I started thinking about what it would be like to hold it until I lose control again...I could not stop thinking about pee. But that was just the icing on the cake- I stopped at the store, bought her some mini cupcakes and I picked up some of her favorite cider. I know what kind she likes.

I got home and I packed some things in a backpack. I was already wearing some lingerie I thought would be fun with her and I fed the animals and charted my course on the trail to Penny's. The evening air was muggy, and moths buzzed about. There was a very organic woodsy smell and I heard coyotes in the distance.

I wandered up to Penny's door and she was outside with a fire burning in the fire pit. She said..." I didn't even ask if you were hungry...I cheated...I ordered pizza!" I saw her long, flowing hair and pouty lips in the shadow of the fire pit. She was wearing a cami, sandals, and tight cut-offs again. I like that she is so country and basic with her dress. I tend to be less jeans and more dresses, leggings and skirts. I decided to wear a sun dress.

She just ran to me and hugged me tight and said "Jesss! How's my hottie!!" We kissed. She was chewing really minty gum and we kissed on the lips for like a minute and she asked me if I wanted anything to drink. I opened my backpack and gave her the cupcakes and the cider. She said, "Aww babe, you read my mind!! " She had put on makeup I had never seen before and her very deep and large eyes were alive with bright eye shadow and her pouty lips were wet with lipstick. Her high cheekbones were ablaze in orange fire shadows.

I just said "Penny, YOU are the hottie!?? I was waiting for this all day!" I held her and I kissed her and I noticed that she was sort of fidgety and I noticed a really obvious pee smell from her. She said "Jess, I'm so sorry about my house...and I'm probably miss smelly today. I was working outside all day. If it is bad I have LOTS of perfume, hon. I don't want you to think I'm gross." I kissed her and just said "Penny?! No! YOU are not gross! I like you like this... you have no idea..." we sat down on some old logs and had some pizza and had cider.

We talked about the day and she told me that she is starting to like it at the old house. It was starting to get dark. I noticed her fidgeting more and more and I was starting to have to pee bad enough that I said something. "I haven't gone in two hours, hon." She said, "well, we can go in the woods, or anywhere...I couldn't do it out here today as the neighbors are too close, but I peed in a bucket. We can do that, or just go in our pants like we're 3. I'm SO sorry about the water thing. I honestly tried to hold it today until the pump guy came and he didn't...they aren't coming by until Monday! I had a big oops downstairs and I peed my pants."

The thought of her peeing in a bucket and wetting her pants excited me, and that explained why she smelled a little. I said, "Well, I'm not joking but I like to wet my pants like I'm a kid sometimes..." She said "oh my God, yes, I love that... I did it a lot today...it feels so GOOD!" We laughed a bit about that and her fidgeting became noticeable and she just said "I'm about to pee my pants again, Jess...don't make me laugh...!" She crossed her legs and she was bouncing them up and down. He legs were so smooth and long and it made me jealous in a way, but I found everything about her face and her body to look beautiful.

Within seconds I heard a what sounded like a slight noise of gas, or maybe it was her moving abruptly in the seat but she stood up and I saw pee just pouring out of her pants. Her shorts were getting soaked in front and the sides and a long stream of pee was flowing onto the ground. She was looking down and had this look of terror on her face and she looked over at me and didn't move.

She squealed a bit and just went silent. I spoke up quickly and said "It's ok, Penny, let it go...it's ok, hon..." Her pee went for like 20 seconds or so and she just stood there. I went over and hugged her and she was breathing so fast. I consoled her and told her "it's ok to have an accident

...I do it all the time..." She laughed and said it is her own fault...She thought she could hold it but she held all day and her bladder is worn out. I told her that happens to me a lot also. She said "Gosh that was so scary...I had no control at all...but why do i feel so excited?" I told her that I was worried about her, but I want to be with her. I said "I feel so close to you. This pee thing with us makes me so crazy that it's all I think about now.

You can do whatever you want with me tonight, Penny. I want to be yours...I'll even hold it for you..." She smiled and held my hand...and said "I don't want to see you in pain, babe..." She pouted her lips and I replied..." I want to have an accident in front of you also...I've never done it before with anyone." She said, "are you sure?? It sounds scary...but I'd like to see it...I don't want you in pain, babe." I said, "It's ok, but I need more cider...But I have been running to the bathroom all day and I had to put on a pad as I kept leaking. I get that sometimes. I'm sure it won't be long before I lose it."

She sat back down and she kept swatting mosquitos and I was getting bit also. She held my hand and said "Let's go inside. We can have more cider and watch TV." I went inside, and that stale dusty smell was there again. She said, "Hey have you ever seen the basement here? It is scary!! But I want to fix it up...I'm not sure it is possible.' She laughed. She led me downstairs, and there was a musty old farmhouse smell in this basement, lined with cobblestone and mortar and a dirty concrete floor. It was cold but it felt good as we were both so sweaty. I saw come cobwebs but it didn't scare me. On the last stair I felt a sudden shot of pee in my panties and I felt like movement was causing me to leak.I froze. I just said "Oh my, I just leaked. All I did was step on a stair!!" She smiled, and said "it's ok, babe, we're both leaky tonight! It's cute!"

We walked to this other basement room and it was painted pink on the walls and there was an old bed there. She turned on a light, and she said "I'd love to make this a place where I can just pee all over and not care...that would be so fun! I haven't tried it, but it would be easy to clean and nobody ever goes down here." I laughed and this almost labyrinth-like room had a dark, sadist sort of feeling that was dark, scary and so exciting that I felt myself getting turned on.

I looked down at her rear as she walked in front of me. Her jean shorts were still soaked, and I could even smell her now. She stopped and took off her shorts. She had bikini panties that were clearly yellowed with pee and she pulled down her panties and started peeing all over the floor. She said "Like this...I'm just going...this is so fun!" Her pronounced and bushy hair around her pussy was pouring urine in cascades. It splattered onto the dirty concrete floor and into a drain. I began to feel my pussy get wet and my heart was beating so fast I could hear it in my ears. I started to leak pee without any control.

I felt an overwhelming urge to go that would not stop. I told her..."I can't hold it anymore!" She lifted my sun dress and pulled down my panties and I felt a sharp, almost painful 'break' or 'spasm' and I was pouring pee all over the floor as she watched. She put her fingers on my pussy and kissed me as I was peeing. I pushed harder and I was peeing faster. There was a sizable puddle forming under my bare feet and it was spreading over Penny's sandals.

She said, "It's ok babe...let it go..." I began to touch her breasts and I reached down to her pussy. I began to feel her from front to back and I found my fingers in the crack of her butt and she was breathing fast and began to orgasm. I started to come as she put her finger inside my vagina and pushed up toward my clit. I started to smell an earthy sex smell of Penny's pussy, her rear and her skin that was doused in a fruity, almost peachy body spray. we just stood on this cold wet floor in an embrace and just held each other for what seemed like minutes.

We went back upstairs and Penny took her sandals off. Wet footprints were forming all the way up the dirty stairs, and the dirty footprints followed us to Penny's bedroom. Her bed was clean this time and she asked me "Do you care if we can't shower?" I said "I don't care...I actually like to be dirty like this..." We were drying fast in the night heat and we crawled into bed naked and 69'ed and tribbed for a while before we settled off to sleep. I never slept better.

