My 2nd story: The Student part 1

27th March 2013, 02:54 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

A set up for my 2nd story, it will be in at least 3 or 4 parts or more maybe. But it will take some time to finish it.

What I would really like to know from the readers is how or where to post the next parts.

Do I post the next parts in new threads like it is done with many stories, but then you have search for the older parts, or paste all the parts in due time in this thread. I will have to keep changing the name of the thread form part 1 to part 1 and 2 etc. Can the title be modified?

Ok here it is, based on true facts but 'fictionized', believe what you want to believe.

The Student.

I've been living in the orient for a few years in my late 20's, beside my normal job as expat I was asked if I could teach English on the side a few evenings in the week to young students and also some company workers. Even English was not my native language I had been living in the U.S. long enough to shed my «dialect'. I did not have to teach grammar only conversation. So I did.

And then one evening while I was off a young lady, a student of mine, came to my house. She had gotten my address from the school because she had told that she wanted to ask me something about the course. These students were not that young they were enrolled in their own free will, not because they had to but because they wanted to get some extra skills in English and get ahead in university.

A knock on the door and there was this very nice looking girl, I said yes, how can I help you. Well she said she came to me because she wanted to talk to me so I invited her in.

Once she sat down, gave her a cup of tea and she then told me straight out that she wanted to learn about sex and she choose me to do it with……….

I was flabbergasted and with my mouth open, tea dribbling out I could not say a word for a while, my mind was racing with all kind of fantasies over what would I tell this girl «what was normal in sexual behavior «. Wow a fantasy, a woman who had never had sex you can teach and make her believe just about anything especially introduce her into the «Golden' !!!! telling her it was as normal as eating cookies by the tea.

However, I did the right thing, she looked awfully young to me and I am not into illegal and morally wrong activities. So I told her no, she was to young and she would have to find somebody her own age, I could not risk being slaughtered by her parents if they would find out and being ran out of the country covered with tar and feathers. And I am more into woman who are a bit older than me, not much but a few years older, don't know why but that is just the way it is.

Then she told me that she thought about it before and she really wanted me to be her first and that she was almost 19. She looked young to me (as most women in the orient look younger than their age). I told her to think about it for a week if this is absolutely what she wanted and then bring her passport or ID just to be sure it was legal and I would think about it to if this is what I wanted (of course!).

So that was the end of it, so I thought, would never hear from her again, so I thought……..

To be continued

