The Chronicles of LaRoche

1st December 2007, 07:57 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

I've always enjoyed reading pornographic stories in an older style, from before it was considered acceptable even in porno to print certain words. Anyone can write cunt in every third sentence; it takes a much finer sensability to replace such words with obscure metaphors and still make the meaning clear and the tale erotic. Here, then, is my attempt at a tale in this style. Since this is my first such tale, I'll be very interested in your feedback on both the plot and the writing.

###

In the southern part of the county of Corransfeld, where the weather is warm, the air sweet-smelling, and flowers in bloom for almost all the year dwells an eminent gentleman who calls himself LaRoche. Whether he has, in fact, no given name or merely chooses to hide it is unknown, for he invariably avoids the subject in much the same manner as a chronic gambler refuses to speak of his debts. LaRoche he calls himself, and so LaRoche we shall call him.

His house is vast and his lands cover many acres and he keeps to himself as much as he can, the better to pursue those activities which most give him pleasure. Still, his house, to those who can find it, is open; and although those who leave it are sworn to secrecy about what passes within, or mayhap because of this, the rumours and the stories told in whispers paint it as an attempt to recreate paradise upon the Earth; a place where the secrets of that most basic pleasure to which Man is susceptible may be learnt or practiced without hindrance or stay. And thus are many of the young drawn to make the journey there, away from the influence of their parents or even of the Church.

Anna Feldstone was one of these. The daughter of a farm labourer on the land of the Earl of Gwint, she was born an intractable child with a perverse thirst for knowledge. As a young girl, she wished to know how the sun remained in the sky, why the corn grew only during certain times of the year, whence came the snow, and many other secrets controlled by the Church; and her questions filled her parents with fear lest the wrath of the Church be called upon them. They had also to admonish her against helping the men in their work in the fields; against leaving home in the summer without her bonnet to protect her skin and her long, golden hair from the sun (and, once, dressed in trousers borrowed from a lad of her age!); and lived, in general, with the constant worry lest their unnatural child be snatched away from them.

When Anna grew older, and experienced the first stirrings of an unknown desire within her most secret parts, she unsurprisingly wished to know what this meant. Demanding of her parents, she received the usual admonition not to pry into things she ought not to know. Asking (less directly) of her local priest, she was informed that it was something that only occurred in witches, those unnatural creations of the archfiend, and that any who complained of it must be put to death immediately. Turning to her friends, she received a chorus of giggles and, eventually, her first useful information: that LaRoche might know, that LaRoche lived to the south, and that none knew how to find LaRoche, or even with certainty if he existed. And thus it was that Anna, disguising herself as an indigent lad, disappeared one night from her family's hovel and took to the road.

How it was that she found her way to the home of LaRoche, this author cannot say. What is known with certainty is that, almost a month later, Anna, her face and hands browned like a sailor's, was to be found walking up a narrow lane bordered by purple flowers she did not recognize beneath a warm sun. At the end of the lane was a gate and beside the gate a man dressed smartly in purple livery. His face was unshaven but his brown hair was cropped close to his head and his black boots were like mirrors. He looked closely at Anna. Not her inexpertly-cut hair, nor her gray homespun shirt and trousers, nor her tanned flesh fooled him. "Welcome, milady," quoth he, "to the home of LaRoche."

"Milady?" asked Anna. "You are mistaken, for I am no lady, but the son of a farm labourer."

"Your parentage is of no importance here," the man replied, "and while your costume has undoubtedly taken in many upon the road, I am long used to judging the sex of visitors without regard to such superficialities as clothing. In any case, I am certain milady has made this journey for a reason."

Anna seemed, for a moment, likely to continue her denials, but shook her head and responded, "Indeed. I must see LaRoche. I have been informed that he will know ... the answer to a certain question."

"There is but one question that girls travel alone to ask of the Master," the guard said with a knowing wink. Having no affairs to occupy him, LaRoche was never busy; but, knowing his duty to a master who did not enjoy being disturbed when he was not busy, the guard lied. "The Master is very busy right now," he said. "But, perhaps I might help you."

"Do you, also, know this secret?" asked Anna.

"I do," said the guard. "But it is not a secret that can be told; rather it must be shown." He rang a small bell hanging upon the gate. "LaRoche requires but a few things of his guests. One is this: that before you enter his lands, you swear upon whatever you will never to tell of anything you see or learn should you leave again."

"I swear," said Anna. "I swear upon that most secret organ whose unknown call brought me hither."

"That will more than suffice," said the guard. "My name is Jack." He turned as, responding to the summons of the bell, another man in identical livery opened the gate from within, disclosing to Anna her first glimpse of the grounds of LaRoche. She saw a short lane bordered by high hedges, and beyond, trees and a fountain, cascading water gleaming in the sun. "Ah, Andrew," said Jack to the newcomer, "you must take over the gate. I have undertaken to instruct milady in that secret which cannot be told." He held out his arm to Anna, who took it in the manner in which she had often seen the Earl's female guests hold their noblemen on the journey from their carriages to his house. They entered the gate.

Halfway up the lane, a gap in the hedge on the left disclosed to view a small cabin made from rough-hewn logs, its chimney without smoke and its door ajar. Jack paused. "The Master also requires of his guests that they leave their clothing behind on entering. If you have aught of value within your clothes, Mrs. Callow lives within that house and will guard it for you until you leave."

"My clothes?" asked Anna, appalled. For the very first time she considered that the Church might, in fact, be correct in its totalitarian views.

"I may not take you further until you remove them," said Jack, already un-buttoning his purple jacket. "The Master says they are instruments of the Church, designed to separate artificially people who else might band together against that entity." When Anna still hesitated, he added, folding the jacket neatly, "You would, in any case, be forced to remove your trousers before I could show you the secret you so desire. What is it, then, to discard your shirt as well?"

He laid the jacket upon the earth beneath the corner eaves of the little house and began upon his starched white shirt. Anna watched for a moment as his hairy chest began to come into view and then, embarrassed and annoyed at herself for not giving up, as any smart girl should have, turned away and removed her own shirt and her trousers, exposing the white flesh beneath to the sun and the eyes of Jack. She turned back, covering with her left arm her breast and with her right hand that secret place between her thighs, where soft brown hair grew.

Jack bent and picked up her clothes, folded them neatly, and laid them in the doorway of Mrs. Callow's hut. He then un-buttoned, folded, and laid aside his purple trousers. "The Master owns but two of these suits," he explained, "the purple dye being so hard to obtain. They are worn by whichever of his servants is guarding the gate and by he who waits to relieve the first." He untied from a branch of the hedge a ribbon of that same colour and tied it about his head. "This marks me as a servant of my Master without violating his proscription on clothing."

Anna was not listening closely to this discourse, being concerned more with the oddity of standing unclothed with a naked man. Now she asked, "Have all men such odd fifth limbs as thou hast, hidden beneath their clothing?"

"Indeed," Jack winked, "but 'tis less a limb than a compact but specialized machine. Touch it, and you shall see a small miracle."

Anna reached forward, forgetting for the moment about her own modicum of modesty, but jerked back as her fingers brushed the organ in question, for it began instantly and with alarming speed to engorge and raise itself from its former limp posture. "O! I have damaged it!" she cried.

Jack laughed. "It is undamaged," he assured her, "rather, healed by your indulgence of its former slothful indolence, as will that jewel on which you swore your oath benefit from my touch. If milady will permit me the liberty?" And, upon Anna's bemused nod, he gently enforced his index finger into her central place and touched, unerringly, that tiny button whose unfamiliar longings had led her on this journey.

She yelped, but in shock rather than pain at the pleasureable sensation his caress inspired. "Gods! I have never felt such gratification in my life!"

"And will feel more, if I have my way," Jack averred.

"I cannot wait," Anna returned. "But first, please, the shock of so much pleasure all but made me embarrass myself. Is there a privy about? It has been some time since I used one."

"Indeed not," the servant replied. "The Master has none upon his property. He believes that those functions often concealed within such a structure, ought properly to be accomplished in the open. Some, in fact, take unaccountable pleasure in voiding themselves where they can be seen. What you require could be achieved immediately without moving from this place."

"O, dear, I do not think I could!" Anna moaned. "Never mind," she said, after a moment, "it can as well be done later, and I am anxious to learn that which you would teach me."

"Come then," said her guide, and set off again down the lane between the hedges, that organ that Anna's touch had brought to such fulsome life pointing the way ahead of him. Anna followed, and presently they came to the fountain she had seen before. Trees shrouded is in cool and pleasant shade, and its water issued from between the thighs of a naked man and woman, cunningly carved in white marble and accurate in all details. The splashing made Anna wish more than ever for a latrine, but she was impatient and ignored it as much as she could. Jack turned left, and led her off the flagstones onto a lush field of grass, carefully mown and tended. "The ground is softer here," he said. "Please, lie down and take your ease."

She lay upon her back, her bosom pointing to the sky, and Jack knelt beside her. "What I do next," he said, "will be very painful, milady. But it is necessary in order for you to experience the greatest pleasure I can afford you. Shall I continue? I can stop if the pain becomes too great for you to bear."

He touched her, gently, in the same place as before, and again she felt the pleasure throughout her body. She gasped. "And it will be more gratifying than that?"

"As an oak tree is taller than a mouse," he declared.

Anna hesitated, but knew she could not leave without learning all there was to know of this. "Go on, then," she said at last. He nodded, then moved to lean over her, one hand and one foot touching the ground on each side of her body, his brown eyes gazing down into her green ones. He guided his fascinating organ to enter the crevice below the center of her pleasure. For a long moment he paused, then suddenly attacked, pressing his chest against hers as he entered her.

The pain was, as he promised, enormous, and this time when she screamed it was a true shout of incoherent pain. She felt some warm fluid pressed between them, and knew she had begun to drain that liquid which she had failed to release earlier. Jack waited, with no movement which might have exacerbated her agony, and slowly her spasms subsided. He lifted himself slightly, and to Anna's astonishment she found the enjoyed the sensation of his spear moving within her cavern. She gasped again. Her teacher lifted himself as high he could without breaking that most pleasant contact, and as he impaled her again, she arched he back, pressing her loins upward to meet his.

They fell into a natural rhythm, apart and together, each thrust and impalement more intense than the last. That warm secretion which she had begun to discharge on the first sudden thrust continued to leak from her, but she almost failed to notice, so distracted was she by the mounting waves of bliss spreading from the point at which his marvelous device penetrated her cavity.

And, when she felt that one woman could not possibly know more delight, her body shook as a wave of pleasure beyond all belief flooded her. Vaguely, she could feel a stiffening of her lover's grasp upon her body as he too experienced something beyond her comprehension, then both went limp and lay together upon the grass, temporarily content, his wondrous machine leaking within her as is went limp. The sun was warm and the grass beneath them soft and green. They fell into a doze, and knew no more for several hours.

