The Tea-Party cum Pee Party

27th February 2007, 09:47 PM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

It was a very strange party to say the least. Even from the very start. Why myself and nine other 30-something ladies were all dressed in silly frilly short school picture-day dresses, and crinolin petticoat slips, all sitting around the table drinking tea from oversized cups, while chatting about dildoes and doing each others hair and makeup, was beyond me.

I felt rather uncomfortable in this girly getup myself, as I'm a jeans and t-shirt girl and this costume was NOT my idea, but I went along with it to be a sport for comedic value.

After a few pots of fine teas and girl to girl conversations, Felice surprised us and opening her purse, pulled out and flipped on her own vibrator and then went around the table holding it at each woman's vagina through their satiny pastel dresses. We all got a laugh and a bit of a kick out of this, as each time one of us started looking as if we were enjoying this, Felice would then laugh and pull it away and head to the next one at the table.

It became a naughty silly game. I tried and tried to act as if I werent sitting there being masturbated by this freaky chick, but I didn't last long before I tried to grab her hand and push it against me harder. And in so doing I of course then lost my turn.

Kimber was last to receive this and pretended to ignore Felice and her teasing toy, while talking about some tv program. She accomplished the longest bout of stimulation and had almost 2 full minutes, while we all moaned and smiled and talked to her, trying to get her to react like we did. But even after all this direct stimulating, Kimber then still was not able to start feeling an orgasm come without involuntarily moaning and closing her eyes and curling her lip. She almost got to the orgasm, but then all of a sudden the vibe was pulled away quickly, and was removed to Felice's own pussy and over her huge throbbing clitoris. (I've seen it and it is huge, and I'm just assuming it was throbbing, like all of ours must have been)

Felice sat back down in her chair and propped her feet right up on the table, knocking a spoon off to clang and rattle on the floor. She slid back in the chair and pulled up the front of her dress. She dipped the waterproof vibe into her teacup filled with a very warm blend of jasmine and chamomile. She let it sit there warming it while she lit up a cigarette and puffed a bit.

Toni then surprised the lot of us by walking in and turning out the lights and hauling in a huge frosted layer cake with 33 lit candles. They started singin the obligatory birthday song and several of us then lifted Susan onto the table. She had these little black Maryjanes on, but they were not the flats. They had 4 inches of shiny heels. Susan was laughing and turned a bit on the tablcloth, it pulled the white linen and spilled a few cups of tea, and knocked down a stack of sugar cubes. She wasn't used to the heels and she felt a bit dizzy and nervous about being up on the table. She didn't want to fall so she squatted down. Everyone was laughing had given up on the silly b-day song.

Julie put her hand on Susan's back to help steady her. Susan felt comforted by the touch and stayed squatted with her hands on her knees as the cake was set on the table before her. She smiled. Maria snapped a few pix of her. You could see as she squatted that she had tiny white lace panties on. They were almost technically a thong, but covered more ass than a thong would. All the candles made a nice light and she looked from the cake to all her friends, and then focused more on Felice who by now had pulled her own panties to the side, abandoning any and all modesty, and was sliding now the black vibrator in and out of her pussy with one hand, while holding a cigarrette with the other. We all watched Felice actually, but then Toni broke this spell by telling Susan she'd better blow out the candles or they were going to burn down the cake.

Felice did not like Toni, and the fact that she'd taken the attention away pissed her off. She put her smoke out in Toni's cup and told her "Well I heard you're the one that's so good at blowjobs, you should do it" (I didn't really think this was really that funny, but everyone else in the room laughed. I think it was more of a shock and tension break than anything because the whole group knew of the long-term ongoing drama between these two.)

Susan who was celebrating her birthday on the tea-party table, still squatting laughed along with the others and then all of a sudden something else happened.

The whole room went silent, except for the hissing and pissing and sizzling sound of 33 candles being put out by an unbelievably forceful gusher coming from Susan's laced nethery. She looked down in surprise to see the piss spray right through these panties, out forward all over the table, all over the beautiful white cake, to splatter on the cloth and even ripple in a few of the teacups. The lace diffused the stream and it went absolutely everywhere.

Felice, just grinning now and self-pleasuring watching this site, forgot the Toni drama and concentrated on her clit while enjoying the rarity of up-close female piss voyeurism. Susan just could not stop pissing once it started and she gave up trying. I should say in her defense she could be seen turning bright pink, right before the last few candles were put out.

Toni moved the cake out of the way, as if it were now even worth saving now. She stood there holding it as the pool in the platter drizzled down the front of her pink dress making dark lines in the fabric.

Julies hand slid down and carressed Susans hiney through the crinkly crinolin and she placed her arm around our friend and said quietly "its ok just do it". Susan's upper lip curled as she watched Felice through the wisps of smoke from the candles. Susan then it seemed, tried to just hurry and piss as fast as she could so she could stop being the spectacle. Her stream forced by the rushing, shot clear to the end of the table and rose, and then fell right in Felices lap, then rose again up her belly, wetting her breasts, all over her chest, and even ran down the front of her yellow dress.

Felice moaning, masturbating and by now clearly close to orgasm then drew back everyone's attention. The splattering of Susan fell now on Felice's belly and then hit right on the sweet spot between her legs. All it took was 2 seconds of piss-to-clit contact, in coordination with the shiny black buzzing vibrator, to send Felice to that point of no return. She moved her hips coming to high orgasm in front of myself and these 8 other ladies.

It was like one of those crazy foreign porno flicks you get off those freaky internet sites except we spoke English. I should mention, by the way that Felice already has this weird piss «fetish». Everyone knows about it and we all talk about it behind her back. I knew she also would get into this pissing, having seen Susan do this in front of everyone. At the moment of her climax, Felice, who has a bit of a show-off streak, tilted her pelvis up and a strong thick yellow arc rose up about 4 feet high over and onto the table. It splattered loudly and most of it landed right at Susan's feet. Maria had picked up the tea-pot and held it, trying to catch some of the spray. I'm not sure why tho, it was futile,--the splatter and puddling was everywhere, and running off the table even soaking the rug, and an ounce or two less would not have helped a bit.

Some of the women were so in shock and so totally appalled of what they had just witnessed, they just stood there with their mouths open, or with their hand covering their mouth in the «I am so utterly appalled» mode. Everyone in the room had said "oh my god" at least 3 times in the past minute and a half, and for a moment there it was like a religious gathering. I guess they baptized each other, the cake and everything else on the table. The room smelled of herbs, faint smoke, wax and fresh piss.

Toni was bitterly sneering at Felice, not even knowing what to say. Her mouth was moving but no words exited it.

Felice stood up and walked over to Toni. She shoved the still dripping and buzzing vibe toy right into the cake and laughed then went and got another cigarette and sprawled out on the couch, as Julie and Michelle helped Susan down from the table.

Some of us were still remarking wittily and giggling. But Toni was livid. It was her house, her idea to throw the party, she'd even baked the cake and Felice had ruined everything. She walked over to Felice and crammed the cake, with candles, dildo and all right into Felices face. Felice thought this was funnier than everything yet to this point and layed back on the couch laughing and pulling cake off her face and flinging it everywhere. Toni lifted her leg with her foot on the back of the couch, pulled her light blue dress up revealing a pantiless pussy.

We all rushed over to them and watched, seeing an amber jet unhesitantly spraying down Felice's neck and mixing with the frosting all over her face. The only one who could not see this shocking sight was the cake-faced Felice who was alternately laughing and cussing and spitting and sputtering. Toni had her revenge now as Felice lay under her. She tried to get up a few times but Toni kept pushing her back down. Grinning as she finished her piss she told Felice to «Get the fuck out of my house Now SKANK!» She then backed away and straightened her streaked satin rental costume dress then walked into her bathroom and slammed the door loudly.

Here is where we all figured the party was over and gathered our things. Felice grabbed napkins and cleaned off her face, throwing the cakey mess on the floor as she walked out. Michelle and Maria stayed at Toni's I guess to help her clean the mess, but the rest of us took off.

I gave Susan a ride home in my car, after I'd set a thick blanket down on the seat. She didn't want to talk about it, so we kept changing from subject to subject while she was trying to get over it. It's been well over a month now, and no one has mentioned the incident. I think I'll call everyone together for tea soon, and bring it up because we can't just let that all go unspoken of. We have to deal with our issues.

