Mary's Diary - 2 - Jenny and the gardener

10th April 2010, 03:19 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

First Chapter:

Mary's Diary - 1 - Opening

*****

Dear diary, Jenny's mishbehaved again today...

Well, I haven't told you yet that there is something a bit different here. Mum's always had a weak bladder after she's had Jenny. As she says it does not really show from the outside that she has had kids, but Jenny was a big baby and it left a mark inside. Anyway I can't remember mum not going to the toilets in a couple of hours. I mean she always wake up at least once during the night even though she tries not to drink much in the evening. And... well I trust you'll keep it for you... but whenever she goes out in the evenning or she has a dinner with friends, since she drinks more than usual, she ends up having accidents in her bed. I've helped her a couple of times removing the sheets and sometimes it's only a little, but from time to time it's definitely a complete soaking. I'd die if anyone learned about it, but fortunately she's very discrete!

Anyway, having a weak bladder herself she was always very cool about it with Jenny and I. When we grew up she would never make us hold more than strictly necessary and often times she would let us pee in quite awkward places, but always discreetly. I have never been too comfortable with it myself, and I always need more cover than mum or Jenny. Jenny's the worst of course. The girl's really ballsy... and it seems she really get a kick out of it though she's loath to admit it.

The real treat is at home though. It's only the three of us and we are all girls so it's very relaxed. And mum never letting us hold more than necessary means that she's always let us pee whenever we needed to and almost everywhere. The only catch is that we have to throw a towel over it and tell her or Mrs Catto, our cleaning woman. But of course we need to be very discreet about it and mum's adamant we don't let our friends know lest they let the cat out of the bag. Of course I've told a few friends of mine and I think they really enjoyed peeing on my bedroom carpet, my desk chair or in my paper bin... I suppose mum guessed it too, though when I was younger I always patted myself on the back for being so clever in pretending I did it after my friends left.

Of course mum uses it herself, though she tries not to do it in our presence, and I have seen Mrs Catto helping herself a few times... but that's not what today's about. Today's about Jenny once again misbehaving.

You see, our gardener Mr Burk, Tom, had come today since we were friday. After he finished he went to speak with mum in the kitchen. As I got back from my swimming training, I heard him laughing from the entrance. I must admit I was a bit puffed that I had not see him working in the garden, he's a real hunk see, but then it's not summer yet so I haven't missed too much. I removed my shoes and I made my way barefoot as usual into the living room I spotted Jenny on the leather couch, with her back to me: she was watching some non-sense on TV again... and I decided to treat myself to a bit of it.

I softly padded my way to the lounge chair and I let myself fall back on it, stretching. I then said hi to Jenny, she said hi back, a huge grin on her face, and that's when I noticed what she was doing.

She had moved one of the cushion a bit on the side, then she had wriggled out of my tight jeans, just exposing herself a bit as she kept them as high as possible, and she was peeing between the couch cushions!

I hissed at her but she just giggled. She knows mum don't want us to pee on the leather couch and that downstairs is out of bound during the day lest someones catches us or spots a puddle. But the little minx can't be bothered by rules and of course mum's always let it go.

I could barely see her of course, with the jeans so high on her tighs, but I could hear her all clear. The soft pattering of liquid pouring and falling on something soft. The hissing sound as she was really pushing it out. The telltale look of relief and excitation on her face. Oh she was pretending to look at the TV alright, and from the back it probably looked as such, but from the front, what with her jeans unfastened and her eyes slightly closed it was difficult to be fooled.

I heard Tom saying his goodbye to mum and I really panicked. He entered the living room and Jenny just turned her head to him, fortunately having stopped her flow, and called goodbye above the couch's back. I could not utter a word and I must have been really red in the face because of her! And he had just closed the door that she turned toward me, tongue out, and then asked me for a tissue!

