Night Train (Fiction)

25th June 2010, 06:08 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

The image in the mirror looking back at her was perfect. The boots were black patent leather and cuffed at mid-thigh with 5 inch stilettos and a series of straps and buckles running from ankle to cuff. The sheer black panties barely covered her smooth, creamy pussy. A black leather corset pushed her ample breasts up and out, revealing hard rosy nipples. Completing the costume was a long, black leather trench and matching courier's bag.

Satisfied with her appearance, she tied the trench closed and hurried towards the station to catch the train.

She entered at the first car and worked her way back. In the small hours of Sunday morning, there weren't very many passengers and, she enjoyed their curious eyes upon her as she made her way from one car to the next.

Upon entering the last car, she found him waiting for her, as they had arranged. He was dressed in a beautiful, Italian-made suit and was sitting quietly, his own coat across his lap. He watched her closely but, neither spoke.

She motioned for him to stand and he rose, like a well trained dog. Another gesture and he moved forward until he was standing right in front of her.

She nudged one foot with the dangerously pointed toe of her shiny black boot and he removed his shoes and socks. Next, she slid her hands up his chest and eased him out of his suit jacket. She gave his tie a sharp yank and he removed that too.

With no warning, she reached into her courier bag and removed a pair of leather wrist restraints. While she fastened one to his right wrist, she backed him up until he was braced against one of the poles next to the row of seats that lined the side of the carriage. Keeping her eyes on his, she passed the chain between the two cuffs through the bars of the overhead rack. She prodded his left bicep and he raised that arm over his head so that she could cuff his other wrist.

She stood back to inspect her work and, satisfied that his arms were taut above his head, she reached into her bag again, pulling out another set of restraints. Down on one knee, she made quick work of ensuring that his ankles were bound, shoulder width apart, to the legs of the two seats behind him.

He stood helpless before her, an obvious erection pushing at the front of his pants. She ran her hand over it firmly and he pushed his twitching cock into her warm palm.

Next she took a few moments to adjust the rest of his clothes to suit her. She made sure that his crisp, white shirt was completely unbuttoned, exposing his broad, tanned chest. Then she undid his trousers, pushing them down to his knees and exposing the enormous bulge in his gray boxer briefs. Finally, she pushed the waist band of his under ware down in the front so that the elastic caught behind his large, heavy balls, pushing them and his hard cock up and out.

Stepping away from him she admired the tableau. He was so exposed. Vulnerable to her every whim. Pulling the cell phone from her pocket, she snapped a few pictures of her willing captive. Now the fun could really start.

It was easy to see that he had followed her earlier instructions and had not peed in hours as his bladder bulged noticeably below the smooth plane of his stomach. She scraped her long, red nails over the gentle protrusion applying enough pressure to leave visible tracks in their wake. She smiled as he bit his lips to keep from moaning and tried to force his thighs together against the restraints. She repeated the action, pressing more firmly, smiling secretively as his legs quivered and a trickle of urine welled up and ran down the underside of his stiff prick and over his round, full balls, finally soaking into the folds of soft cotton below.

He looked nearly wild but though his nipples were hard and he strained against his bonds to hold his pee, he clamped his teeth firmly together and still made no sound. She pinched firmly behind his swollen head to stop the flow and held him until he regained control.

Satisfied with his state of arousal, she undid the belt of her trench. Her own nipples were almost painfully hard with anticipation and, although the black silk made it almost imperceptible, the crotch of her own panties was already moist with desire and excitement.

Grasping the pole above his head with her right hand, she placed her left foot on the row of seats behind him and hauled herself upwards. Placing her left foot on the next seat, she stood over and above him with her pussy directly in front of him.

She pressed her crotch to his mouth and began to sway back and forth, the rhythm of the train dragging the damp, fragrant silk back and forth across his lips. He opened his mouth and began to gnaw at the silk, trying to burrow between her lips through the sheer material.

With her free hand, she pushed her panties to one side, exposing herself to his hungry mouth. He skipped his tongue between those succulent lips, probing until he found her throbbing clit.

At the first touch she began to quake, throwing her head back and grinding herself against his mouth. Using her free hand, she spread her lips so that he could kiss her more deeply, eat her more fully. She writhed as his tongue dipped into her juicy cunt and nearly bit through her lower lip when he found her own pulsing pee hole with it's probing tip.

Her juice ran down his face as she came against his hungry mouth with an enormous shudder.

It was then she began to reward him.

In the aftermath of her enormous orgasm, she relaxed the muscles of her overburdened bladder and began to pee, slowly into his mouth. He lapped and sucked voraciously, chasing every drop with lips and teeth, causing her to cum again and jet hot piss across his face.

Still silent, she began her agonizingly slow decent towards his engorged cock. He felt her pussy, still peeing a slow, steady stream, slide from his mouth and down his chin. He leaned back his head, intent on the sensation of that warm wetness sliding down his neck and across his chest.

Intent on her goal but unwilling to rush, she took her time. Pussy lips still spread with her left hand, she slid herself back and forth across his chest, slipping sensually through her warm pee, drenching him, thoroughly.

He could feel the wetness running down his body in hot, slippery streams, soaking first the sides of his shirt, then his briefs and finally his trousers. He felt as though he was going to explode if she didn't release him soon.

Further down his chest and across his belly she caressed him with her dripping pussy, controlling her stream so that she was not nearly empty when she finally found his raging erection with her hungry cunt.

She slid down over him still peeing. He'd never done or felt anything like this. He wondered how long he could hold out as he felt him enveloped in her hot, soaking wetness.

Finally at her goal, she began to ride him up and down, holding onto the pole with both hands now to help support herself. She was amazingly aroused by their daring and deviance and it took her only a few moments to cum again. As she peaked she released the last hard stream of piss and wrapped her legs around him, squeezing with all her might.

The force of her piss combined with the tight, contracting grip of her cunt sent him over the edge as well and he felt the eruption deep inside her. His hips pumped hard and fast, the ropes of steaming cum jetting from his body, wringing his balls and making him light headed.

Her legs, wrapped around his waist held him like a vice, pressing his overflowing bladder against her. It felt as though she would crush him with her legs and as his erection began to fade, he could control himself no longer.

His semi-hard cock gushed pee deep into her, flowing back against him, bathing them both with hot waves of pee and cum. It splashed off his belly, streamed down his balls, dripped from their asses and still she rode him until she had wring him completely dry.

Finally, she unwound herself from around him climbing gingerly to the floor and testing her wobbling legs. When she was sure she could stand without support she stepped away from him and pulled out the cell again.

Still silent, she took pictures of his drenched and sated body.

Then, never uttering a word, she quickly unbound him, returning the restraints to her bag. With her back to him she closed her trench coat, covering completely the evidence of their tryst. With out so much as a kiss good-bye, she left him there to get himself together as best he could and get himself home.

