/getting-paid-in-more-then-one-way-one-weekend-part-1/38213/

Getting Paid In More Then One Way One Weekend Part 1

30th October 2009, 09:22 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Off and on over my life time I've lived in apartment complexes. Living in one complex back in the mid 1980s I did elecronic repair work on the side and I had fixed several of my adjoining nieghbors tvs or radios. Word got around in the complex and one day I was aproached by a nieghbor that lived in the building behind us. She had a stereo that she needed fixing. She couldn't do without it at all according to her when she takled to me about it.

She worked for the state and she was a slender looking black lady. I would have said she was in her mid forties at this time. She had black and silver grey streaked very tight curled hair. She was not darked skinned either. More of a tan colored skin. Small breasts along with a small ass to match. She always dressed nice in dresses all the time too. The one thing I did find out from other nieghbors was that she loved to drink on weekends. That would come into play when I went over on a Saturday to fix her stereo for her.

I went over to her apartment mid morning on this Saturday. I knocked on her backdoor and she hollered out telling mme to come in. I went inside and went straight to the livingroom. I saw that the stereo had a record player and a am fm radio. The radio was on and it was working fine. Now she was upstairs and had come down them and was standing on the stairs.

She was in a nice dress as always and she told me she broke the record player. She had kncked it off its stand last weekend. She laughed saying that she was drunk when she did it. I have to be a little more carefull when I drink she said to me laughing. Take a look and see if you can fix it. I walked over to where it was and I saw that was was broken was tiny wires on the the cartridge of the record player.

Now she had started walking out to the kitchen as I looked at the cartridge with its broken wires. From the kitchen she asked me if I wanted a can of beer. I told her no not right now but I might later. She said ok just let me know when. Then I heard the loud snap and the whoosh of a can of beer being opened and she came back with a can of Bud in her hand and she was sipping from it.

I told her that she had broken wires off from the record players cartrige when she had knocked it over. I told her as far as repairing cartridges I had never had good luck with them. I had only replaced needles or the cartridge itself. But she went on telling me to try my best. If you do fix it that would be great and if you don't I'll just have to junk it. My records are my life! Radio today sucks! I laughed and told her that I agreed with radio sucking big time. She laughed in return and took a seat on the couch.

I flipped the tone arm up and really took a close look at it and the wires. I might get lucky that there was slck in them and I pulled lightly on one and it did get longer. I was happy about that! I did the same with the remaining other three broken wires being just as carefull with them like the first one. They were so thin and they would break again if I used to much pressure on them.

This took enough time just doing this the black woman had finished her beer got up and went and opened another one out in the kitchen and came back and sat down on the couch again. Well it was time t strip the ends of the wre down which I did each one very carefully. This again was enough tiome to drink her can of beer and go get another one and come back with it and start on that one.

I had my soder and iron with me and I asked her if she smoked and hadd a ashtray so I could put my solder iron in the ashtray while it heated up. She old me she did and she went back out to the kitchen got one came back abd handed it to me. I also asked her if I could have a smoke while I waited for my iron to heat up. She laughed and told me she would join me.

So we both lit up a cigarette and smoked. When I finished mine my soldering iron was hot and I carefully soldered up the first of the four wires. One down three to go I said outloud after I had done it. This was too going to be slow work for the four pins on the back of the cartridge were very small and close together. But I went on going and doing one at a time. This took me almost a half hour to do the four wires. The black woman drank three more cans of beer in that half hour time.

I inspected my work which it looked ok with good connections and no shorts between the four pins. I unplugged my iron and asked her for a record. She handed me one and I placed it on the platter. I switched off the radio and put it on the phono position. Before I took a finger and rubbed the needle I did a hail mary prayer crossng myself. That made her laugh loud and long. I told her I did that a lot blessing whatever I had worked on before testing it.

I gently rubbed the needle and sound came from the speakers! She got real excited as she heard the rubbing sound comming out loudly from the pair of speakers. Laughing hard and in a very loud high pitch voice she said; You did it! you did it! repeaqting it several times. I now got ready to play her record. I placed the tone arm down on the start of the record and it played loudly! Again she said I did it! Then she started singing to the song dancing around as she sang.

I interupted her singing and dancing for I picked up te tone arm and I placed it farther down on the record near the end of the last song to see if the tone arm would swing out and swing back as it rejected. If it didn't the wires were to short and it wouldn't reject. To me relief it reached the end the arm swung over and lifted up and went all the way back went down resting on the holder and the record player shut itself off.

She was so happy now. She asked me first to restart the record it waas her favorite. Then she asked me; NOW do yu want that beer? I got up from the floor and told her yes. She hurried out to the kitchen. I heard two cans open and she came back with tow open cans. She handed me one and she also said to me; Lets make a toast! So we did which she said; Thank you lord for getting my music back! We made the toast.

She sat back down on the couch as I picked up my tools but had to wait for my iron to cool down before I could put it away. We both had another cigarette and talked some as I waited. Now at this time she was very elated as far as having her stereo working again but she was also I thought somewhat drunk now too. But that didn't really matter to me.

My soldering iron had cooled enough so I put that away with the rest of my tools in the pouch I had with me. Now it was the time to take care of my charge for my work. I'm always very easy going as far as my charges. I always ask first the customer what would they pay me. So Iasked her that. She told me that she didn't know at first but stood there thinking. Then talking mainly outloud to herself sayin she was so glad to have it fixed and other things she told me $50!

I told her that was way to much. For the actual work that I did do was short not the time it took me. Well she kept on insting it was worth that much to her. I didn'tt want to wind up arguing with her about it. With her insistance she did make me take fifty dollars for the job. I was ready now to leave but she asked me to stay just for a short time. I just want to make sure everything is all right with the record player. Besides I could use a little company too if you don't mind.

Well I had no other work to do or plans so I told her I would stay till the record player did finish the record. She acted so happy agin that I was staying. She went on to ask me what other things I repaired. I told her what I was capible of doing. After what I told her what other things I could repair she said good! Come upstairs with me. I have something else that needs fixing and maintence has not gotten around to fixing it yet!

I followed her upstairs. She went straight to her bathroom. The sink was dripping and so was her shower. Can you fix the two leaks? she asked me. I told her that I could but would have to get my toolbox. I don;t hav tools here in my bag for plumbing work. She said ok and I left. I came back several minutes later and went back up to the bathroom.

She was not there still but she did holler out asking if it was me. I said loudly yes. I grabbed out of my toolbox the tools I needed and started working on the fuacet as far as the sink first. The hadle acted sloppy so I tried tightening it up first. It still dripped. Now I knew I had to take it apart. I shut the water off to the sink and started taking the fuacet apart.

That is when the black lady came walking in the bathroom saw the fuacet apart. Something inside the trouble? I said yes to her. I believe its a grommet. She first said oh back to me. Then she said excuse me right after saying oh. She had to get by me so I slid a little closer to the sink and she stepped by me. Then laughing she told me that she had to piss in a some what drunk sounding voice!

She pushed by me and I started to get up. She laughed and told me it was ok for me to stay. I told her that it wouldn't be right for me to stay if she needed to piss. Again she laughed and told me it was alright with her. Consider it a tip for or work your doing and have done! So I stayed put at the sink but I didn't turn around to watch her. She was plainly visible in the mirroir over the sink.

Now she had stepped over to the toilet. The lid and seat were already up on it. Now not as laughig as hard as she had been she started hiking up te botom of her dress with her hands. I thought she would have put down the seat and sit and piss as I looked at her image in the mirrior! She didn't! She said to me while she still was laughing. I better stand up and piss. If I sit I'll fall right off the toilet!

She now had her dress raised up at the point where it was to her upper thighs but her crotch was yet showing in the mirrior. She started to take the couple of needed backward steps to get herself over the toilet. When she did she staggard starting to lose her balance. With a sharp yelp she said HELP ME! I saw her in the mirrior doing this so I got right up and stepped over to her and grabbed her before she did fall.

Now standing in front of her and helping her to stand she looked at me and she pulld her dress right up to her hips. Laughing she told me to keep hanging on to her and she did sway some as she took a step back from me. Now I had to stay and help her stand. There was no longer a choice to matter!

Now with the bottom of her dress up at her hips the black lady was not wearing panties

! As I stood there she had a big patch of very tightly curled black pubic hair well above her pussy,ran down both sides of it, and under it going out from sight. Just poking out from her black curly pubic hair was a very [ink colored big clit protruding from out of the black curly pubic hair. I stared right at too!(It was one of the bggest ones I had ever seen!)

Now I got cuaght by her right at this moment staring at her clit, pussy and crotch. Laughing she asked me; Isn't black bueatifull? All I could do was just say a soft yes back to her in almost a whisper. Then she started to piss! With having all that black curly pubic hair all around and over her pussy when her piss vcame out from her pussy her piss soaked the black pubic hair matting it down making it straight! In fact her piss matted her pubic hair down down the length of her pussy down under it and ran off the traingle shaped matted pubic hair in her crotch!

From there a stream of yellow colored piss ran straight down inside the toilet splashing in the water turning it a light yellow. I just stood there and stared now watching her piss stream as it flowed. Several seconds later her stream began to flow harder which it became strong enough to push away her matted wet pubic hair that was in front of where her peehole was. So I head in her stream formed along witha movemenet forward of her stream. Also her stream hissed since now it was flowing hard enough.

She now let out a sigh as she there pissing in front of me. She was swaying back and forth just a little which I grabbed her a little harder which did make her stand there still again. Her stream got harder as she pissed which made its hissing louder, louder splashing in the bowl, and the water getting more yellow.

We had been stading there for what seemed a long time for her. Gee I've beenpising a long time! She laughed when she said it. I managed only just smile. Then she was silent for a short moment. Then she laughed a little again telling it sure felst that she was still full of piss! That I also smiled at too but said nothing. Then she told me after she pissed she was going to take a nap. I can use one. Then she was quiet without saying anything more.

She did wind up pissing for a very long time. By the time she did stop the water in the bowl was as dark as her stream had been. Plus the smell of piss was strong in the air in that small bathroom. Now she did try reaching for to roll of some toilet paper to wipe herself. She started againg to tip towards the direction she was reaching. I pulled her back up straight.

Laughing again she told me to do it! She grabbed my one arm hard to hold herslef up and I managed to spin off a bunch of toilet paper and tear it. Now with her holding her dress up with one hand keeping it up over her pussy and her other hand grabbed tightly on my one arm there was no wy she would be able to wipe herself. She told me to do it for her!

She did take a stumbling one step back and managed to stay up for me as I reached down with the wad of paper in my hand. I gave her pussy a slight touch wipe upward on it. With all her pubic hair being wet with piss the wad got completely soaked with piss. I dropped it in the toilet.

I was reaching to tear off more paper from the roll and she told me no. Im good! Then she let go of her dress and asked me to help her out. I kept her steady as she took steps forward getting past being over the toilet. Then she told me she needed to sit down. I helped her sit down on the edge of the small bathtub. She laughing told me thank you for helping her in her great need. I told her it was no problem. I turned around and went back working on her sink but id keep looking in the mirrior to see if she was ok.

