Susan S Another Invatation To Watch Her Piss Among Other Things Too Part 1

3rd March 2010, 03:20 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Susan S was one of my friends sistors. She was one of the girls ina large group of friends that we all belonged to for a long time till her paents divorced and she had moved away not far with her mother when her mother remarried. Still it was far enough away that she had not been around with the group for some time. The same applied with her older sistor Brenda.

Well on a Saturday morning I had gone down to visit some other friends who lived down at the end of the road from my house. I was going to see if Mike was home for I wanted to talk to him. As it turned out Mike was not home but would be in awhile according to Mike's sistor Donna. So I waited talking to Donna untill she left for work.

So now with no one else up or around I went outside to wait. I went out on the side porch and sat down on a old couch was there on the porch. I sat there for about twenty minutes by myself. I was just about to get up to leave and go home. That's when commng walking up alongside the highway before the end of my road came Barbie S and Brenda S together.

I saw them before they saw me. I hollered out to them waving at the same time. Both girls heard me easily looked at me and they both said Hi loudly back to me and cut through Mike's neighbors yard heading towards me quickly and came right up to the side porch of Mike's house.

Both girls again said hi to me and I said the same back to both girls. I was asked what was I doing by Barbie S. I told her I was waiting for Mike but he is not home but should be soon. I was about to leave but you two showed up. Then I asked Brenda how she had been along with how things were going and what she had been up to since she had moved.

Brenda answered everything I had asked her filling me in with a lot of details. By the time she stopped talking it was over a good ten minutes or more. So at least I got filled in as what she had been doing. I also asked how Susan S was. Brenda S told me I could find out from her. She'll be here also shortly. She made a stop to see Barbie H.

Now Barbie S spoke up that they had to go and maybe we will see you later. Both girls said goodbye and walked back down to my road turned left and walked out of sight. So I sat down on the couch again for I was going to wit to see if Susan S would come by.Susan did come by after I sat there for about another 15 minutes.

When she did come into sight walking by the highway before reaching the end of my road I like before yelled out to her and waved. Susan S immeadiatly saw me there standing on the Mike's side porch and came running over right up to me and gave me a big hard hug! (A much better welcome then what Brenda had done!) Susan S and I were much closer friends for that was the reason why the big hug greeting.

So we sat down on the couch there on Mike's porch and began talking. We filled each other in on every thing we had been doing. In our talking Susan S mentioned that living with her mom was ok but she did miss us meaning or old group of friens and me especially! I laughed at that and I told her I missed her company a lot too. That made Susan smile with a big smile.

We went on talking for a little while longer. Then I told Susan S that Brenda her sistor and Barbie S had been by here and also stopped and talked to me. They told me you would be along and you were heading together somewhere. Yes I am Susan said back to me. But I'm in no real hurry she also added. Trying to say you do'nt want to talk to me? Susan then said to me giggling at the same time. I knew Susan was only kidding but there was no way That I was trying to do that!

Then Susan asked me if any one was home at Mike's.I told her there wasn't at least as being awake or not there. I asked Susan why. I need to piss! Susan said to me. Adding saying; QUITE BAD TOO! Well I can't help you there I first said back to her. But then I asked her a question in return.

Susan do you still piss outside? Susan looked right at me and told me that she still did! I smled back with even a bigger smile now. Well then lets go! I said right back to her. With that we both got up from the couch on Mike's porch and Susan followed me up the through the side yard and the back of Mike's house.

We could have gone up the hill to where at the top of the hill was wooded with different sizes of maple trees. But that is not where I was headed. There was a much closer spot then the woods. I was takeing Susan to where at another time just her and I had pissed together before one time. This spot was behind Mike's other neighbors garage.

When we had walked just past the garage there were bushes there that were thorny type bushes and I spreaded the braches apart for Susan to slip through them. Doing this Susan remebered that we had gone here before. She had forgoten at first. Remembering now as Susan started slipping between the branches of the bushes that I was holding on to Susan giggled and also said to me; I REMEMBER THIS SPOT NOW! We both pissed here before! I said back to her; Well we're going to do it again! That made Susan stop turn her head back looking at me and she giggled harder saying loudly; Good I'm all for that!

Susan then stepped through the rest of the way through the thorny bushes and I slipped through them too. Now we were behind the garage of Mike's neighbors. Susan smiling was taking a look around. It hasn't changed much behind here at all. Maybe just some morebushes and trees on the hill sde. That was true for there was. It had grown in since the last time. The garage had just been built when she and I had pissed together here.

Now Susan was wearing a dress which was a light summer type and it was a very light lavender color. She looked good in it too! Susan was a brunette and she still as far as her hair styleing was the same short bangs in front and shoulder length. The one thing that I had took notice of as far as Susan was her breasts now appeared larger under her dress then the last time I had seen her.

So I told her that she had grown in some areas too since the last time I had seen you Susan. Seeing that my attention was on her breasts Susan giggled hard and she raised her hands up under them cupping them and shook them! Yes they have! Susan said right back to me. I'll showthem to you right after we piss! How's that?! Would you like to see them? Susan asked me. I laughed and told her that I would!

Then Susan moved stepping back away from me and stopped and stood there. Susan was now looking me over. When I saw that Susan was looking right at the front of my shorts Susan giggled just a little and she then said to me; You have a hardon! I smild back and told Susan I most certainly did! Susan giggled a litle more. You always were hard when either I or both of took a piss! Does your cock still have its curve in it when it's hard? Now I laughed and said back to Susan; You'll see in a very short moment! Come on lets piss!

Susan giggled hard and she reached down and started yanking up her dress. I yanked my zipper down on my shorts and popped the snap on them too. I was going to pull them down which Susan always liked me to do this. Susan watching me only had pulled her dress up to mid thighs had stopped. When she saw me pop the snap on my shorts and I was going to yank them down Susan really smiled with a big smile and then said to me; I was hopeing you would do that! I said right back to Susan; I hadn't forgotten at all!

Now we both continuied on to get ready to piss. I yanked my shorts down to my knees while Susan raised her dresses bottom up hghre till it was above her waist. I looking over seeing Susan's pussy now there was a change there too! Susan always in the past kept it shaved so there was no visible pubic hair above,around, or under it. Now there was a small neat triangle patch of brown very short pubic hair above her pussy!

I smiled and said to Susa; Hey you have some hair down there now! Susan looked at me first smiling and then she looked down at herself and told me thatshe had let some hair grow in. Like it? Susan asked me. I told her I did. Then she looked back up and looked at me with her looking right at my erect cock! Yes it still has that nice curve bend in it! I let out a little laugh.

Then Susan told me she was not going to squat and piss but stand and piss instead! Oh you are? I asked back. Yes I am she said back to me. I have it down now! I've been practicing! Susan told me. Oh one more thing too! Let me piss and don't you go! I want to hold you while you piss! As I stood there hearing Susan say this I had forgot that she always liked holding my cock while I pissed. (she was one of the other girls in the group of friends that did this!) So I let go of my erect cock for I was holding it and it sprang straight up which brought out a hard giggle from Susan.

Susan then sreaded her feet well apart opening her thighs wide along with her pussy's slit opening up some. I noticed too her clit was puffy looking already along with her pussy looked moist. So I said to Susan; You're pussy looks horny! That made Susan take a shrt hard laugh first. The n Susan told me she was! Since I needed to piss and when we were talking I wanted to do this with you and I am horny! That made me then laugh.

Then Susan started to piss. When Susan started pissing out from her peehole in her pussy came a this twisted yellow colored piss stream. It hissed softly as it flowed. It hit the dirt and rocks under her turning the dirt dark brown and splashed off the mixed in rocks that were in the dirt too. Susan was at first watching herself piss for the first several seconds then she glanced up over at me. How's that? Looks good? I said right back to Susan; As allways Susan! Susan smiled.

Then Susan said to me; WATCH THIS! Susan took one of her hands moving it down to her clit. She took some fingers spreaded her pussy open and at the same time took a single finger and pulled upward with it on her clit. Her piss stream went right into a arcing stream! Its arc shot right past me and hit the back wall of the garage which was about a distance of five feet from Susa was standing. NOW how doe that look? I've been practiceing that too! Susan said to me.

You have gotten real good Susan almost as good as Barbie S! That made Susan take a short giggle. That's who has taught me! Susan then said to me. I laughed and said to Susan. You learned well then from the teacher! Susan smiled with a big smile and she went back to watching her arcing piss stream splash the garages wall and run down it at the same time. I did too.

Susan took a very long piss. She managed to keep herstream arcing reaching the wall of the garage for most of the entire time she pissed. On tghe garages wall her piss made a large visible wet spot with many trails comming out of it running down the wall to the dirt. There were many darl spots in the dirt at the base of the wall too.

Then her stream did start to ease so Susan took her hand away from her pussy and her stream still softly hissing went back to going straigh down from her pussy and wetted the dirt and rocks some more. Then the hissing faded away as her stream got thinner. Seconds passed with her stream getting weaker now dribbling wetting her pussy lower crotch and with it doing that having two very thin streams of piss running off her asscheeks!

Then after several seconds of just dribbling Susan stopped pissing ending the dribbling but stood there having drops of piss comming off her asscheeks for several seconds with her waiting for the dripping now to stop. It did. Susan smiled as she told me she was done now. I don't have any thing to wipe with Susan said to me so I'll just have to let myslef dry off. Susan dropped her dress covering herself up.

Now it's your turn to go Susan said with a slight smile. Come over here Susan said to me with her hand already out waiting to take my cock in it! I smiled now with a bigger smile then Susan had stepping forward till I was next to her and I turned andfaced towards the back wall of the garage. Susan reached right over with her waiting hand and took a light grip on my erect cock. At the same time she tookk her other arm went around my back with and placed it right on my bare hip and pulled me into her hard.

Before I started pissing Susan said to me softly; It sure does feel good to hold you again. Your cock is hard, hot, and its even feels like its throbbing. I let out a giggle now. Your right Susan for it is throbbing!I felt Susan's fingers tghten their grip on my cock right then. I said back to Susan; Hey lighten up I have to piss! That got a giggle from Susan and I felt her fingers grip loosen. That felt better now.

I gave a very light push to get my piss to come out. It did with a arcing stream higher then Susans had been. My piss stream was thin but harder. It also had a much longer twist in its stream also. It hit well above on the garage wall where Susans piss had reached. My piss made a bigger splash off te wall then hers had. Also made a smaller wet spot on the wall along with only a single piss tral running down the wall to the dirt.

Susan held my cock steady while I pissed till after about tweenty seconds. Then she pulled it down making me piss in a larger area on the garage wall and she also began moving my cock back and fort side to side. This made a bige wt area on the wall of te garage and a lot more piss also ran down the garages wall weting a bigger area of the dirt at the base of the wall of the garage. Enough so that there was a line of dark brown colored dirt all along at the base of the garages wall. Susan giggled as she now played.

I like as she had done took a long piss too. Being erect did stem the flow amount that I was making but also made my stream have force in it also. When I had started to ease my stream did keep its length of distance it was going but began dropping down so it went right down the back wall of the garage. Then it started comming back toward me.

When it started comming back that was a signal to me I better start giving a push so i did. With my push my stream shot up intro a higher arc and it did move forward again but didn't reach te garages back wall. It only reached the dirt at the base of the wall and made a good splash in the dirt. This went on only for several seconds and then I felt that was empty and I stopped my pushing.

My entire piss stream at once dropped all at once. It made a thin lightlydark piss strail from just in front of me all the way down tothe much darker brown dirt at the base of the garage wall where I had been pissing. Susan asked me now; Are you done? I answred Susan by saying; I think so. Susan giggled just a litle giggle and then said to me; Give another try to be sure. So I gave a hard push but only made a weak short spurt shoot from my cock and had some piss dribble off from its head.

Seeing that was all that was left Susam then gave my cock three shakes andthen still holding it Susan said to me; I can shake it some more of you want? There is also something else I can do too. I smiled thinking what Susan had said. Well you can shake it some Susan I wouldn't mind it at all. But I don't think that would be the best idea to do that here. Let's go somewhere else. I think that would be better.

Susan smiled and said ok to me. She now let go of my cock squated down and she pulled up my shorts for me. Then she let me finish taking care of them. I did. Then I opened back up the thotny bushes we slipped through them and turned and went up the hill in Mike's back yard slipping into the trees and over a old fence and went into one of the fields that were behind the tree line.

We made a right turn walked through several fields together untill we reached one that was familair to both of us. It was one that we had sked on durring the winter. This hill had woods on three sides of it. The grass on this hill was thick, short, and very soft. This is where we stopped was this field. Susan smiling as now as we stood there facing each other took care of my shorts taking them off frm me.

Then she unbutoned the front butons of her dress but not all of them. Susan there with her hands on each sides of the front of her dress said to me; I said I was going to show you these! Susan yanked at her dress having it open wide and she exposed her breasts to me! They had changed! as I looked right at them.

Before Susan's tits were small but round in shape but also came out ponted looking with her nipples sticking out. Now her tits had filled in more beingmuch more rounded no longer being pointed looking. Susan had them cupped with each one in each hand. She jiggled them a little then stopped. Want to take a suck on them? Susan said to me. That's what I wanted to hear!

So I stepped over right in front of her leaned down and gave eaqch one a good kiss firts followed by also taking my two hands massaging them and her nipples too with my fingers. Susan let go with her hands. I now just had begun to trake and give the tips of her nipples licking them with my tounge and also taking a quick light sick n them also.

As I did this Susan had reache down and I felt one hand grip my cock and start stroking it. Then I felt the other under my balls cupping them and very gently she would squeeze the off and on. We went on like this for several short minutes. Then Susan said to me; It's been a long while since we did this too hasn't it? I tok my mouth of from Susan's tit that I was sucking on and said back to her; IT SURE HAS! Susan giggled just a litle took the hand off from my balls reached up with it and pressed my head back down and I went back to my sucking. Susan went on slowly lightly jerking my cock with her hand.

I would have said that we went along with her gently jerking me off and I taking turns with my sucking and terasing with my tounge on each of Susan;s tits along with massageing them with my hands. Then Susan with the hand that was clenched in my hair on the back of my hand pulled my head away making me no longer sucking on her breast or licking her nipple of that breast.

