The Apprentice Pisser Episode 2 Pt 2: The Holding Contest

2nd January 2011, 02:59 PM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

The Apprentice Pisser Episode 2 Pt 1 and new Pt 2

Happy New Year to all

Here at last is the next part of The Apprentice, covering the hold-it contest task. There is also naughty pissing

You'll gather its taken me a lot of time to get this next part done, so I really hope to get some feedback as I will carry on if people are still enjoying the series

AS IT HAS BEEN SO LONG I have included (a slightly revised) part 1 as well, so don't be surprised if you recognize the first few paragraphs.

****

Now on the Fetish Channel, Episode 2 of 'The Apprentice Pisser'

The camera cut tight to Sophie, who was standing in just pale blue top, and white skirt, legs crossed and hopping from one foot to the other.

"Hello and welcome to week two of The Apprentice Pisser" she announced in short breathy gasps

"This week we'll be taking a look, a good close look, at the pleasures of holding your wee till you're bursting, and what happens if you wait just that little bit too long...Oh No" she gasped, and lifted up her skirt revealing aqua knickers, which viewers saw in a pristine dry state for about one second before a hot torrent of pee burst forth and began to soak them turning the garment a much darker shade before escaping in a stream downwards from her crotch area, and in secondary rivulets down the side of her legs

Co-hosts Maggie and Sharon came in close for a really good view, pointing and giggling at the sight of the host losing control and pissing herself. Staged though it all undoubtedly was, it certainly made for erotic viewing. On and on the piss flowed from Sophie and she sighed from relief and pleasure. Her love of, and skill at, watersports was one of the reasons she had been chosen for the job, and her holding skills were exemplary, meaning she'd been completely full before releasing, so the pee just kept flowing and flowing, forming a lovely pool of golden pee in front of her.

A huge damp stain had spread covering the vast majority of her panties, front and back, by the time the stream finally slowed to droplets and she finally stopped. Sophie felt incredibly sexy. It was hot enough to wet your knickers, full stop, but to do it in front of hundreds of thousands of TV viewers, and a full studio audience, and to have them cheer and applaud her for it was tipping her off the scale. She knew she'd have to find somewhere to 'take care of herself' at the first opportunity

"Oh No" she said in mock horror "I've wet my knickers", adding with a wink to camera, "I'm such a naughty girl"

The credits rolled and at their end we cut to Maggie who announced

"Yes, this week to test our contestants we'll be having our very own holding contest. There's something very sexy about the feel of a full bladder, and that feeling of knowing there will be so much hot piss to release when you finally decide to let go"

"Developing good bladder control is also important" cut in Sophie "if you enjoy giving golden showers you'll want to ensure the recipient gets a decent soaking, not just a few dribbles. We want to see how long our girls can hold it for, hence the holding contest"

"We could be nice and just allow them to give up and use the loo when they can't hold anymore" said Sharon "but we know what you guys are like, so we thought we'd make them hold until they wet themselves"

"Besides which, many people find the act of wetting themselves very sexy" said Maggie, looking pointedly at Sophie "so we wouldn't want them to miss out on that potential delight".

Sophie went on to describe the rules: "Last week Helen led the Champagne Soakers to victory, so she gets a bye this week. that leaves 4 left on each team. 3 team members on each side will take part in the contest. The fourth will try and put off the other team. They can do this in any way they like, except touching".

'The Champagne Soakers' are Lucy, Erica, Nicolette and Tori. Tori took the captaincy and the girls had a quick chat. "I'm always wetting my knickers after a night out or whenever" said Nicolette "I think I have a really small bladder and drinks just go right through me".

"No problem" said Tori «you'll be the distracter, but you've got to make sure you distract the other team"

Kimberley, Tammi, Michelle, and Angela were 'Golden Rain' Kimberly was the captain and Angela said "I'll be a fantastic distracter. I'll make it so tough for them, they'll all wet themselves and you'll win easily" and thus became the distracter

"Okay" said Maggie, "so no-one has an unfair advantage, you all get to go to the toilet now". The camera followed the six girls down the corridor to the studio loos. Kimberley, Michelle and Erica entered the 3 stalls of the ladies' loos.

As the cameras viewed them each sitting on the loo in the toilet we got to witness each girls piss in fits full glory, through the joys of split screen. Teenage boys who recorded the show would take delight in watching each girl's wee separately, and through the excellent camera work gained some anatomical knowledge too

Those watching Kimberley saw her hitch up her red dress, pull down her white cotton panties, and, as the camera zoomed in, saw a golden stream emerge from her pussy lips and stream gently into the water. This was clearly a pee of convenience not desperation, so the stream was slow and unforced. Once finished she wiped carefully, pulled up her underwear and rearranged her dress.

In the next stall, Michelle was enjoying listening to Kimberley's wee. She had slipped down her denim skirt however she had decided that she should at least see what a proper knicker-wetting felt like, before doing it in public. She relaxed her bladder and let go through her panties. As she hadn't drunk much in preparation for the contest, her wee was a rich dark golden colour. Strong and undiluted she wee-d for about 25 seconds. Her green panties felt lovely and warm, and when finished she simply pulled up her skirt.

Erica, on the other hand, was quite desperate as usual. With great haste she fumbled her jeans buttons undone and yanked down her blue jeans and pink knickers. She always waited till the last mo (but somehow never wet herself, she had good bladder control), and her piss jet erupted in a powerful hiss, as it sprayed out of her and into the toilet bowl with great force. Next door Michelle grinned at the sexy sound of the hot piss stream. As was he habit in public toilets she neither wiped nor flushed.

Meanwhile, while all this was occurring, there was more action outside the cubicles:

"I wouldn't want anyone saying I had an unfair advantage, emptying my bladder after the others" said Tammi, and slipping off her red skirt and navy blue panties she hopped up onto the formica counter embedded into which were the 3 sink units. Facing forward, with her legs on either side of the sink and her arms in front of her to support her, Tammi began to wee a steady yellow stream into the sink.

She had really enjoyed the naughty pissing task and suddenly the thought of peeing in an ordinary toilet seemed such a waste. She was going to be trying out lots of fun places to pee in future. Meanwhile she shuffled back as far as she could, till she was against the mirror. This meant that she could now spray over the sink taps. Hot urine splashed off them. With her final few seconds of pee, she sent a few squirts of pee over the formica on each side of her sink unit.

"Nice one" said Lucy, "but I'm too lazy to get up there» and so saying, she pulled her black knickers to one side, and jetted her honey coloured pee all over the floor of the loo, swinging her hips round to ensure the piss covered the widest possible area.

"You dirty bitch" Tori remarked admiringly, swiftly stepping out of the 'flight path' of Lucy's golden spray

Erica emerged from the stall and Tori took her place. «I see you're going to be a good girl too" called Tammi. "Don't bet on it" she replied, and without lifting the toilet seat lid, simply sat down on the closed toilet, removed her pink skirt and white knickers, and began to piss. Consequently the golden piss poured everywhere, soaking the seat in hot golden liquid, and streaming onto the floor leaving a lovely puddle in the cubicle.

"Oops" said Tori "I seem to have accidentally forgotten to lift the seat lid up"

The camera followed the girls as they headed back to the stage, ready to begin the holding contest

Back on stage Maggie elaborated

"Only one girl will get to use a toilet to wee in..and just to make things even tougher for you, we're putting it right here, centre stage and in plain sight, but off bounds to all but the winner (and our distracter, should they need to make use of it), if they don't mind us all getting to watch them on the loo!

"points will be awarded based on order of finish, and also how thoroughly the losing contestants soak their knickers"

As the contestants took their positions Angela winked at Nikki "Think we made the right decision here. I'm not wetting my panties for someone's pleasure"

"I'd have been a liability to my team. I'm always desperate for the loo." Nikki replied "Bladder the size of a walnut. Still I know what you mean. I like the undies I have on, and I wouldn't have wanted to piss myself in them"

Lucy, Erica and Tori were on one side of the stage, faced by Angela

Kimberley, Tammi and Michelle on the other side with Nikki facing them

Between the two teams, was a portaloo type arrangement, however all the doors were glass. It had a tasteful ladies symbol on the door.

In front of each team were half full glasses of coke, sprite, lemonade etc. Each girl had to down half a glass every ten minutes

Of course on the edited programme we watch, there was no way they would show over an hour of build up

We cut to ...

All six girls are now in varying stages of trouble. Lucy, in a grey flowing dress with black dots on, was stood with her eyes closed, and with her legs crossed. Erica in a white t-shirt and tight blue jeans, was sitting on her heels, knees on the ground and pressed tightly together. Tori was in her light blue top and white skirt, and was sitting on the edge of a chair, murmuring in concentration, her face a picture as she fought to hold back the inevitable.

"Bloody Hell, I have to go so badly I can taste it" wailed Erica "Shut up" said Lucy "talk about something else. who's going to win Big Brother?"

Angela was standing in front of them, shouting "Go on, let it all out, you know you want to" but when they started talking loudly about Big Brother, she didn't change her tactics and they were able to drown her out.

The bell went for the next drink time, and each girl slowly, painfully edged over to the counter, and took their next drink of coke from the table. They then had 30 seconds to down it or were eliminated, and each girl managed to do so before waddling back to the table to replace the empty glasses

On the other side of the oh so tempting toilet Kimberley was wearing a tight fitting knee length red dress and was swinging her knees frantically from side to side. Michelle had on a short blue denim skirt, and an orange-y red t-shirt and had her hands jammed into her crotch, and Tammi had on a white blouse with thin back stripes and a red skirt and was hopping from one foot to the other, doing what is traditionally known as the pee-pee dance.

They had just managed to survive the last round of drink downing

"At least we don't have to pour them" said Tammi "that would have tipped me over the edge I think"

Nikki was going from one girl to the next, taunting loudly "Think of lovely flowing streams, and waterfall and the gushing, hissing sound your wee will make as it flows out. Think of that lovely relief".

On hearing Tammi's words she skillfully improvised and grabbing the next glass of coke and an empty glass she poured the liquid back and forth between the glasses "Hear it all flowing out, pouring forth".

Suddenly Tammi cried "Oh Fuck" and frantically lifted her skirt out of the way, revealing her navy blue knickers. These began to get a thorough soaking as the hot piss cascaded out. The wet patch quickly spread across the front and back of the undies and the pee itself trickled from the gusset, and additionally ran in rivulets down her legs. She had to admit it felt lovely and warm, and the sense of sheer relief gave her enormous pleasure, but she was annoyed at herself for wetting first of all the contestants

"Sorry girls" she entreated "Don't give up", and the other two redoubled their efforts.

Nikki was delighted, but was struck by a pressing need to go herself. She began to head for the portaloo. Seeing this, her team captain Lucy shouted at her "Don't stop, you're doing so well. We need you, you can't disappear now"

"But I have to go" said Nikki

"Please" begged Lucy "we can win this. Do it for the team"

Nikki was a real team player and she knew what she had to do. She just wished she hadn't worn her nice yellow silk knickers. Nonetheless she stayed at her post, and soon the inevitable happened.

She gasped as her pee jetted out into her undies. The audience couldn't quite believe that one of the distracters was wetting themselves, but the rapidly spreading stain on her light blue jeans told no lie. Trying to turn it to the team's advantage she gave a running commentary

"Oh what a relief, what a feeling to just let go and feel it pouring out of you. Oh, it's so lovely and warm. Girls you have got to try this now. Don't fight it, let it gush out of you" The back of her jeans were now completely soaked, and stained a lovely glistening dark blue while individual trails of pee trickled down each leg.

"Shut up" wailed Kimberley "You'll set me off" and then screamed "Oh no. I can't stop it, its coming" Unlike Tammi, she left her skirt where it was, but the trickle of yellow pee flowing from between her legs told its own story. The audience were entranced. It looked quite erotic as Kimberley stood, her legs apart and with a stream of piss simply merging from underneath her skirt and forming an ever-growing pool beneath on the floor. On and on it came, even Kimberley seemed fascinated looking down as more and more hot golden piss escaped from inside and her knickers and flowed onto the ground. She could feel her knickers themselves were absolutely soaking and was now keen for the whole contest to end so she could peel them off and wring them out, it would be fun to see just how wet they were and just how much they had held.

Nikki found it a real turn on, standing in front of Kimberley and watching her wet herself at the same time as she was. She was delighted also at the sense of power she felt having helped cause Kimberley to wet herself at that exact time. She slowly peeled down her jeans to assess the 'damage' to her yellow knickers and was fascinated with just how soaked they were. She was also amazed by how turned on she was. It really had felt so good to just let go and not go to all the both of finding a toilet, sitting down, removing her clothing etc. She had simply wet herself where she stood, like a naughty schoolgirl, and it felt really erotic in a primal taboo-breaking way.

To be continued (if there is interest)

***

If you enjoyed this and want to catch up on previous parts:

The Apprentice Pisser Episode 1 Pt 1

Episode 1 Pt 2

Episode 1 Pt 3

Episode 1 pt 4

Episode 1 Final part

