The awakening part 3

10th December 2010, 01:02 AM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Awakening Part 3 ( 'she' is now called Carol to make the story easier to follow)

When we got back to the others we were greeted with knowing smiles and comments like, "you two look very smug" and "we know what you've been doooo-ing" and at first I thought we'd been watched but I came to realise they thought we'd been fucking, and whilst, if I'm honest, that would have been great, what we'd actually been up to was far better. We were both happy and relieved to let them carry on thinking that, though I think they were all puzzled by the fact we didn't immediately show any interest in sharing a tent... after all, you can't piss in a two man tent, how messy would that be?... we were to find out later, but thats not the story I want to relate here.

The three weeks were almost over, and we were joined by a group of very earnest students from Cambridge who were going to take over where we left off, they were clearly a quite studious bunch and were doing the work as part of a project on industrial archeology. They checked out what we'd done and then went off into a huddle to make a work plan and project handover statement...whatever the hell that was. They didn't appear to want to mix with us very much, which suited me fine, but they did acccept our offer to join us at the pub we'd been frequenting for a drink on our last night.

They all appeared to be in mixed couple pairs, though whether the pairings were anything other than platonic was not obvious. They'd efficiently assigned a couple to 'befriend' each of our mini groups and thus it was that we were befriended by Steve and Mary, who seemed pleasant enough, though Steve was well over 6 feet tall and was sporting a massive mane of ginger hair and a beard that would have done justice to Father Christmas ( ginger of course), he also wore corduroy trousers and sandals with socks,... clearly a fashion victim.

Mary on the other hand was very petite and was wearing and embroidered smock type dress, which were usually worn over jeans or shorts in those days, but I could see evidence of neither, no matter how hard I tried!!!. The evening in the pub passed off pleasantly enough, though Steve only sipped at his beer, Mary on the other hand was pouring cider down her neck like her life depended on it. Carol and I decided we'd try to slip off about 9 ish for a last evening of fun, but we were spotted by Steve who said he'd walk back with us, and anyway, and in a very diapproving voice "Mary has had quite enough to drink". We said goodbe to the others and set off, Steve fell in beside me, he wanted to discuss any problems we'd had resetting the edging stones along the towpath, I just wanted him to bugger off so I could grope Carol.

Carol was meanwhile trying to steer a very unsteady Mary along the path behind us. When we were about halfway back I realised the two girls were nowhere to be seen, so I suggested we wait a while to let them catch up but Steve said she could find her own way back and strode off. I waited a couple of minutes and still seeing no sign of the girls decided to back track, I came upon them about five minutes later, Carol was holding Mary's hair, whilst Mary, on hands and knees, was vomiting copiously into the grass. Carol looked apologetic..."we can't leave her", "of course not" I replied, and when the heaving had subsided we took an arm each and set off back.

We'd only gone about fifty yards when Mary started retching again so we lowered her to the ground to let her do her thing, it was then I noticed her dress had ridden up and I could see a pair of knickers with 'Bottoms Up' written on them, stretched tightly across her bum, and what looked like a damp patch halfway up the back of them. "I think she's wet herself" Carol replied "haven't you noticed, everytime she throws up, she wee's a little"... cue instant erection, which did not go un-noticed as Carol was rubbing me through my jeans. "kinda makes me horny too" she said.

The vomiting stopped so we grabbed an arm each and carried on our way, I managed to slip my hand down and feel Mary's wet knickers once or twice and I thought I'd been unobserved, though as it turned out later, I was quite wrong. Another heaving episode overtook the unfortunate Mary, so we stopped again, this time though she announced that she'd wet herself and proceeded to try to take her knickers off, which she was quite incapapable of doing.

So, as she was quite insistant that she wanted them off, I held her up while Carol slid them down her ankles and helped each foot out of them. Mary dropped to her knees and threw up again, but this time I was treated to the sight of a bare bum, but sadly no sign of peeing. I did however notice as we hauled Mary to her feet again that her pussy was shaved completely hairless, my first sight of knicker wetting and shaved pussy on the same night!!. I retrieved Mary's knickers, again as I thought, un-noticed and slipped them into my pocket.

We got Mary back without any further problems and called Steve to deal with her, which he did with very bad grace..."every bloody time this happens".... no thanks or apology, just grumbling as he none too gently dropped her on her sleeping bag.

Carol and I were about to disappear back along the path to our secluded spot when we heard the others coming back, my tent was the closest so we made a dash for it and zipped it up before anyone saw us and delayed us further, intending to slip away when things quietened down.

"That really turned you on, didn't it?" Carol said "what" I replied, trying to sound innocent. "Mary wetting herself.... I saw you feel her wet knickers, and I saw you pick them up"... busted!!... "it was sort of horny, besides you said it turned you on too" I replied... I thought Carol would be pissed with me, but that turned out not to be the case....

To be continued

