The Holiday - End of the Pee Party (Ch 19-20)

31st March 2012, 12:17 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

A brief introduction. This is the culmination of Fi and Alex's first Pee Party together. My original writings, heavily abridged for PS so that none of 'that which must not be named' has been included, nor any 'just living' events, contained much more. Both 'at home' and when travelling/visiting friends.

This may turn out to be the last I will publish on PS, although the narrative already stretches to 29 or 30 chapters including the Autumn Party alluded to in the text. If you want to risk reading the whole thing you could always PM me with an email contact address to receive a copy direct. BeeSee1

Chapter 19 - Friday 5th August continued

Patrick announced that the evening would include intentional activities to try to get anyone to pee before they wanted to. That would include splashing with cold water, tickling, and anything else anyone cared to try. Later, after everyone had emptied, then the women would attempt to get the men to ejaculate whilst on the move. It was expected that all would be very wet indeed by the end. It was up to the organisers to choose which woman or women would be with a particular man. No one would be placed with their regular partner and no-one would be allowed to sit or lie down whilst being ministered to. Each man should keep walking about!

At 8.00pm we got onto the stage area and started getting drinks for one another and watching out for who would have to piss first. Predictably Thomasina lost it first. We watched as a multi-line stream flowed below the hem of her skirt and then ran down her legs onto floor. The girls kept plying the six men with drinks and after a hour I began to realise we were on a marathon! I must have had two cans of lager and a litre of juice, and the others much the same. The familiar tingling in the tip of my cock had grown to near desperation and I was in some pain as I tried to hold on. By now I took a good deal of pleasure in holding, but it wouldn't be too long before I just had to piss.

By the time the 90-minute mark was reached I was beginning to wonder if I could let a little trickle out without the others' noticing and Terry was visibly tensed as he held on. Paul and John, as the older men present, were coping - just. It didn't seem to be affecting Nick at all! Then Alison A suddenly threw a glass of cold water at me. I gasped with the shock and my jeans darkened as I involuntarily pissed. The girls went wild whooping and clapping at Alison's success. The girls were ecstatic and many photos were taken of my by now soaked legs! Rupert, Harry and Reg had seen it all before and had been 'persuaded' to pee in similar fashion by the estate girls. Later we all had large mugs of coffee as this would help the refilling process, and then moved on to beer or lager.

Fi and Sylphide did a double-act which they must have agreed beforehand, of peeing on the feet of Nick. Feeling this Nick suddenly let go too and his pee dripped from the cut off legs of his shorts. Taking a cue from Alison, Jardine went up to Paul and tickled him! He reacted as I had done - with his pants turning colour as he peed. But John whipped out his organ and fired off at the girls, soaking them thoroughly. Terry was declared the winner and presented with quite a lot of cider. To relieve himself then he stood before the assembled company, pulled out his weapon and poured his waters out, turning around as he did so, so that everyone nearby got splashed.

###

An hour or so went by and serious moves were made towards each of us men to get us to cum. All the men were compelled to remove their trousers or shorts and move around in their underclothes or naked. Erections began to grow but it is no easy matter to bring someone to a climax whilst they are on the move. Nick it was who achieved it first, his enormous cock standing straight up and large scrotum hanging out as Alison J pulled it free from his pants. He pumped out his creamy liquid as she deftly stroked his cock and caressed his balls. He was now free to pee without paying a forfeit, but chose to hang on till later.

The other helpers were, Beryl for me, Thomasina and Michelle with Paul, Jardine and Alison J with John and and Fi with Terry. And for the staff, Harry had Alison A, Reg was with Margaret and lucky Rupert was allowed the adorable Sylphide.

Paul and his helpers then Fi and Terry were obviously struggling to climax without pissing and I heard Angela say, "Terry!" Turning, I saw him peeing through his pouch uncontrollably. Angela said simply "Your punishment is to drink a pint of lager straight off." As she said this, someone handed her a full tankard, and she in turn presented it to the wet Terry. He grinned, and poured it down. "I need more please", he said. "Got to start again!"

Whilst Terry had been pissing, Paul was triggered by the sight. Taking his cock out from its wrappings, he pointed it upwards towards the his family who were watching. The almost clear water arched lazily upwards, before crashing down in a myriad of droplets at their feet. They looked at him but it was the attractive Alison A who was nearest to him. She had worked hard for that moment and she demanded, "Fill yourself up again, and then come and sit on my lap show me what it you can do!"

###

It was questionable about who was really nearest, but I peed before Beryl could make me cum and my piss splashed onto the stunning Sylphide. She chose a forfeit which was that I was to let her water me as I knelt at her feet. That she could pee so copiously and with such directional control, was overwhelming. Her juices were a deep yellow and as she pushed the skimpy blue cotton aside, her piss splashed onto my trainers and my white socks turned yellow too. Harry was so responsive to Alison A, and Rupert to the deft ministrations of Sylphide's fingers, that both were able to ejaculate whilst walking around.

Reg either couldn't or didn't want to hold on, and overflowed onto Margaret's body. They had clearly met before and in a flash she demanded he remove his briefs and she then splashed a glass of ice cold lager over his cock and balls. His tackle visibly shrank, before he was seen starting to refill. Later I saw that John was cumming, helped by Jardine, quite obviously not new to this game. As his spunk shot out it fell upon her bare legs and she bent down and massaged his semen into her skin. Then she held his penis as he pissed, feeling the flow with her thumb against his pipe and waving it around so that his pee went everywhere and saying, "Oh, I liked that!"

The four Dobbins' and Grace spent the evening together and more than once I saw Grace let loose a stream of gold. Each of the four of them allowed their waters to mingle and just watched and allowed themselves the pleasure of pissing whenever. June would just stop and let loose whenever she felt like it. After a couple of hours instead of raising her dress, she took it off, revealing her fabulously hairy mound. Since by then she had had several glasses of wine, her demonstrations were pretty often and uninhibited. The delightful and so sexy Sylphide, dressed in her buff trousers, was often seen wetting herself. She had those lacy panties on, and clearly delighted that evening in letting the piss out through them. Her grand-mama, Margaret was also having a lot of satisfaction, but I could not see much escaping piss. I walked over to her, and could hear the sound of her piss flowing. She smiled and said, "I like wet! I have plastic diapers on and they are getting quite full!"

###

As the time approached 11.00pm, Brandon took the microphone and announced, "Ladies and gentlemen. It has been a real delight to have you all with us this week, and, like all such times, it is sad to see you go - though it has been a great pleasure to see you 'going' throughout our time together. All of us have had a great time peeing and cumming together, and some of you have got closer than that! Alex has taken many great pictures and many will appear on our secure web site soon. If you don't have the passwords for that, please ask Sam before you leave.

"Before we go and have a dip in the pool, for which a house rule is that you must strip off, there is another pleasurable duty for me to perform. "One of the background events that has taken place across the days, has been the free distance-pissing and many of you have performed well. But there is a special prizewinner this weekend - Alex Morton!" I was staggered! I had no idea but the whole crowd cheered and I went forward to receive my case of wine. Sam took up the story, "Alex has also won the hearts of the judges by taking part so fully in every activity he could, and being a professional photographer who has made his services available without cost to a bunch of people he has never met before.

"We, that is Angela, Sam, Patrick and me, have unanimously decided that Alex should win the Best All-Round award for this party! Please step forward, Alex. Your prize is this pewter tankard, with its fascinating interior, this gold cup, and enough apple juice from our own orchards as you might drink in a month! "You probably won't be able to carry it all away with you now, so you and Fi are invited back at a convenient time for a weekend of pleasurable company. Fi, take our very best wishes with you when you go - and make sure you both come back very soon."

To much applause, Fi and I kissed and held hands, and I felt her reaching down to my cock. She pulled it out and fondled it there and then, accompanied by wild cheers and whoops from those assembled. It took all my will-power not to screw her, but instead I managed to spurt a less than accurate shot of pee from my now very stiff organ, and then she used Sylphide's technique to bring me to a cum, to shouts of "Well done" and "Bravo!" As I subsided I was able to pee again, and Fi joined in, and then most of the others did too, until the stage was soaked with very dilute piss.

The swimming pool was large and warm and welcoming. With 22 or 23 naked bodies in it, it provided a lot of entertainment, and three couples at least had sex whilst others looked on and said encouraging things. We got out at about half past midnight, dried off in the warm towels provided and wrapped ourselves blankets as the evening was cooler then. A nightcap of mulled wine was there for all to take, and then we made our way to our rooms. I don't know if Fi was expecting me to take her then; I never found out. I lay on the bed whilst she stood over the toilet and poured a final stream of lager into the bowl. And I woke at 7.47am the next day!

Chapter 20 - Saturday 6th August

We woke to a glorious warm morning and from about 8.00am, party members were seen making their way to the arena. I was quite excited as I reached it. Looking off to the right Alison A was standing with her skirt lifted high, no panties and a tiny drop of pee dripping from her pussy. I worked my way to her and crouching down watched as she grew a large pool in front of her. "Golly, Alison, that was sure exciting to see." I said. Beryl, Jardine and Alison J joined us and added their contributions to the ever-widening puddle. After all who wanted to join in had finished and there was a large lake of gold glinting in the sunlight, we took turns to use the showers which were nearby and then re-dressed if necessary and went in to breakfast, where we found a wonderful "farmhouse" meal with home-made jams and bread. Toast, marmalade, cereals, bacon, sausages etc. A truly magnificent spread.

Sam, Angela, Patrick and Brandon thanked everyone for attending. They told us that there would be the usual winter party, in November or early December, pointing out that that would be an indoor event unless the weather turned unseasonably warm. Afterwards we bade farewell to the family returning to Devon. The young Sylphide came and hugged Fi and me and said, "you really helped me to fit in, you know? Thanks." I said I hoped we could meet again, and she said, "Come to Devon! It's a great place, and our land is not far from Barnstaple.

I've seen some fascinating pee pictures on the Internet which must have been taken on the coast near us, so it's just right for these sorts of games you know." The W's left after that, then Terry, Jardine, Nick and Alison left in convoy. I gathered they were not going straight home. "No", Terry said, in answer to a question. "None of us have to work until Wednesday, so we've booked into a Travel-Lodge near Abergavenny, on the edge of the Brecon Beacons. They are very impersonal - just right for more games!"

To be continued????

