Rob n Mousey's Desperation and wetting "adventures"

12th June 2010, 02:06 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: British (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

So we've met 3 more times since the first story.

I'm gonna post the stories in small parts coz I'm lazy and coz that's how they replay in my head. The part I keep getting at the moment is of us on the footpath by the waterfall when Rob was desperate to pee.

It was raining all day but had stopped temporarily. We had spent about 7 hours together by this time and he apparently hadn't peed for an hour before he met me. We had just had coffee, a bottle of coke and a can of coke which wasn't so bad for me coz I had already wet myself and dried off, but Rob hadnt peed the whole time we'd been out so when we drove off to find this path he had started to get a bit wriggley in the car when we were driving up and down the hilly road. I guess it makes your bladder jump as well as your stomache.

We got there and got out the car for a walk. I was walking slower coz Rob seems to walk faster when he needs to pee a lot. He kept stopping to wait for me to catch up and wriggling his leg around quite obviously needing to pee. I decided to start being nasty now since he had been a pretty cheeky sod when I had been desperate earlier in the day. So I randomly said. "Just stop there a minute Rob?" So he stopped and turned to look at me wondering why I'd asked him to stop. Of course he's shaking his leg around when he stops which is why I had told him to. He realises what I'm doing, we laugh and then carry on walking. When we walk up a hill I can see in his face that he needs to pee and the hill. He looks like he's concentrating and also a bit strained and careful.

He takes us up to a waterfall because he says there's somewhere nice to sit (which there isn't lol). He waits patiently when I whinge about the long wet grass and fuss over the broken glass. Well I say waits patiently. He's wriggling his leg around and occassionally shifting his weight between his two feet. He's actually quite a calm wriggler I think, but it does seem to build up quickly when he needs to go.

We walked up onto some wet slippy rocks which I struggled getting up onto because of my flip flops, so he stopped and stood himself still with his legs parted slightly to help me over, which I think was pretty nice of him considering he probably found it pretty hard to stand still for even a second at this point lol. Then we looked for somewhere to sit but unfortunately there wasn't anywhere so we stood at the the top of the waterfall (not a massive one but big enough to be noisey) and he started to wriggle some more as we considered where to go.

He told me we could just stay here n pulled me into him to kiss me. I could feel him wriggling around as we kissed it was pretty hot. He complained about the sound of the water not helping and with a little encouragement I started to push into his bladder with my hand which made him bend over forward and make straining concentrating faces. He would then start wriggling his legs around a bit then standing with his legs close together shaking his knee in towards the outside of his other knee. Just bouncing that leg up and down a lot.

We kissed again a few times with this pushing his bladder during kissing. It made it hard for him to stay still enough to keep kissing me and I could feel his breathing change and his straining sounds now and again. I could tell he was wriggling too even though I couldn't see clearly because of us kissing because he was becoming shorter than me from bending down a bit and bouncing. I sometimes pulled him in really close to kiss and squeezed his bladder as tightly into me as I could. Sometimes when kissing. These kisses were some good kisses. I loved the passion yet part distraction that was involved and the pausing to make them straining noises and the breathing changes as we kisses and I pushed into his bladder. It was good to pull him into me this way too because then he couldn't move as much and the movements he did move I could feel. Plus I could see his face clearer because he wasnt able to bend when I had him pulled into me.

Now we were getting more and more carried away and he was encouraging me to push harder and I was pushing harder and harder and then he started to lose balance. When someone's pushing really hard into your bladder and you're stood with your legs close together and your knee crossing over your other knee a bit and doubled over a bit you're bound to find it hard to stay stabley standing as they push into you. Not to mention the fact that he was concentrating hard on not peeing too and probably trying to block the sound of rushing water out of his head even though I kept giving him nice reminders.

At one point I got a bit worried that he was going to fall and hurt himself on the rocks because they were pretty slippy. So I insisted we move up onto the grass. He had to step up some steep rocks to get onto the grass which didn't help his already pretty desperate situation.

Now this is the bit I remember most clearly. He had took his glasses off and I must have been too busy watching him squirm or something coz I thought he'd lost them somewhere and had completely forgot when he'd took them off and I asked where his glasses were. Yeah I'm pretty stupid but hey.

So I'm pushing into his bladder over and over and wow it looks like it hurts him a lot now and he looks pretty worried and is wriggling round an awful lot and looked pretty anxious too. So I started to think maybe he was having second thoughts and said he could wimp out n just pull it out n pee if he wanted but he smiled n told me he was fine n that he just wanted to hold it as long as possible so it'd be better for me. I said I'd stop pushing on his bladder if he wanted but he pulled me into him tight against his bladder and kissed me as he strained to keep on holding and took my hand pushing it hard into his bladder and told me how and where to push.

He really wanted me to push hard. He kept losing his balance coz it was hard to get the leverige to push hard into his bladder and not just push him over. I pushed it really hard a couple of things to where he looked like he was gonna yelp or something, but I don't know if that was just me having silly thoughts coz I couldn't push it that hard for long enough to find out. It was hot when he made that face though. He really looked on the edge. Really really losing control. Like oh my god that's sooooo hard to hold back, oh I think it's coming sorta face.

So this kissing, squirming bladder pushing, creeping up on it and pushing it once he'd started to get control thing went on for a few minutes and we had this amazing kiss where I sneakily began to push into his bladder during and it turned us both on so we were kissing really passionately and he was wriggling lots as we kissed. He said he could hardly concentrate on both at once and I stopped kissing him a couple of times and moved back so I could see his legs wriggling round rather than just feel them. He was really wriggling now. When I pulled away to look he thought something was wrong lol, which I laughed at of course and then he realised what I was really doing and gave me a cheeky smile and we carried on.

Then I got beside him and pushed with all my might into his bladder with one arm behind him so he didn't wobble too much when he was losing his balance and I felt him get really tense and saw his face strain a lot more. I moved round the front to give him a rest and he told me to keep pushing. So I pushed from beside him but more to the front than before I think. I don't remember exactly where I was but I know I could see it all clearly because I remember this part VERY well compared to the rest of this story.

I pushed in and he strained and made some noises and scrunched his eyes up and pulled his legs together really tight and leaned forward. His hand quickly went into his jeans and squeezed his penis. This is when I knew he was close to losing it. He shook both his legs together frantically as the rest of his body stood tense and bent over.

"Oh shit" he said and pushed he other hand hard into his penis. Both hands now squeezing, legs shaking together but very tense. Then he moved one the hand on the outside of his jeans and placed my hand on the small wet spot and said "I just lost some there".

"Keep holding" I said. I had stopped pulling when he'd lost some coz I wanted him to last until he completely lost control. He told me to go back to pushing though. He encouraged me to push harder again and his legs began to shake and he was really tense. He pushed his second hand tight onto his penis again and his legs stopped moving as a bigger patch appeared on his pants. He was pushing his second hand really tightly into his penis now and leaning forward a little more. He told me I had to keep pushing hard now so I pushed again and he got really really tense and stopped moving and pushed down really hard with his second hand (both hands holding his penis through his jeans, one from inside his jeans and one pushing down on top).

It started to come out in a bigger stream now and squirted out just above his knees. I told him to keep holding and he shook his legs and pushed and i put my hand into the slow stream that he found hard to stop but managed for a second as I had stopped pushing his bladder. He reminded me to push again and i pushed causing him to go really tense again and push both hands tight on his penis again but this time shaking his legs frantically didnt stop the stream and though I kept telling him to hold on he struggled and struggled n then just let go. When he let go he went from a thin trail down the insides of his legs mainly at the front by his knees to a big wet patch all down one leg and half down the other pretty quickly and it just kept on going, really really warm too in the coldness of the outside that day. He was absoultely soaked all around his legs by the time he had finished. Then I peed myself again so that he wasnt the only one all wet in public.

The walk back was great fun. We got cold quick and we were laughing and joking about what if we'd been caught and talking about how hot the day had been.

We got back in the car and oggled over how wet each other were lol. We had a bit of a play about too but not much because the stupid train was due for me to go home Grrrr.

I'll put more posts about earlier in the day on this same thread at some point coz this was only a very small part of our fun filled day. Very small.

Maybe Rob will put some posts on too. I'd like to see something from his point of view.

