View From The Balcony (fiction)

4th May 2010, 08:39 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

This one is on the long side so, be warned...

Wanda stood stock still in the middle of her living room, hands pressed urgently against her crotch and wondered, not for the first time, how she'd ended up in this position.

It wasn't as if anything pressing had kept her from using the bathroom. Instead, like so many times before, she had ignored the less insistent messages from her bladder. Now she was stranded, afraid that if she moved so much as an inch, she was going to pee all over herself and her nice, clean floor.

********

There were few things Nick enjoyed more than a cold beer after work. The balcony of his apartment overlooked the central courtyard of the lovingly maintained deco building as well as giving him a clear view of the apartment across the way. He'd just sat down and put his feet up on the railing when he caught sight of Wanda.

At first glance, she appeared to be gazing vacantly out the window. On closer inspection, though, he could tell there was something else going on.

He and Wanda were acquaintances, as were most residents of the small, sixteen unit building. As such, they chatted in the laundry room and if they ran into each other getting mail. He knew that she often worked from home and that, there was currently no one steady in her life. He'd considered asking her out once or twice but his own schedule wasn't the best when it came to maintaining relationships.

Lost in his own musings, a sudden movement across the way caught his attention.

********

A new wave of urgency swept over Wanda and she groaned and doubled over. Thus far she'd maintained her control but she knew that wouldn't last much longer. If she could just relax a little, All she needed was a bit of a lull in the desperation and she could make her way to the bathroom.

She breathed out slowly through her mouth and tried to think about anything bet her overwhelming need to wee. Straightening her spine with agonizing slowness, she stood upright. The downward draw of her bladder muscle being drawn taut was nearly her undoing. She whimpered and rocked, pressing her fingers hard against her pouting pee hole.

Shuffling her feet she gains only a few inches before she has to stop again.

*********

It was obvious now, to Nick, what was going on with Wanda and it was awakening in him voyeuristic tendencies he hadn't indulged for longer than he could remember. Secretly watching Wanda struggle with what was obviously frantic desperation was making him horny as hell. He wondered, rubbing his hand over the growing bulge in his shorts, if he would get to see the end result. Just the thought made his cock jump.

The last time he'd seen a girl in a similar predicament, he'd been out with a couple of buddies after work and the line to the ladies room had been a gold mine of desperately dancing females. It had been entertaining but, nothing like this. Wanda's situation didn't appear to have anything to do with excess alcohol and, he couldn't help but wonder if she was enjoying it. Or, if she would get any pleasure from knowing how much he was enjoying it. He wondered, absently rubbing his own expanding bladder, if she enjoyed the desperation of others, as well.

*****

Wanda stretched her spine hoping to somehow make room in her abdomen for her overfilled bladder. The sensation of relief was overwhelming but only momentary. The false feeling of control was followed instantly by another crashing wave of desperation that she could not completely control. She bit down hard on her lower lip as an almost painful squirt of urine shot forth.

Exercising her whole will, she cut off the stream but, not before she felt the warm wetness against her fingers. She wrapped one leg around the other and bent her knees, bouncing slightly as she fought back against the rhythmically pounding pressure. She'd barely moved a foot from where she'd been caught by the urge and the internal battle was escalating.

Wanda generally enjoyed being desperate to pee. She found the feeling exquisitely sexual and sensual but, she had enough inhibitions from her conservative upbringing that, even in private, she was embarrassed by her preferences. Not surprisingly, the pleasure that came from release was also muddled up with the taboos she'd absorbed at her mother's knee. And wetting? If she actually wet herself, the sensation was intense enough to require immediate masturbation if she didn't just cum in her pants. It also left her feeling terribly naughty and ashamed of herself. None of this, however, was enough to completely subdue her desires. As a result, her subconscious regularly engineered these little episodes in order to fulfill her most repressed desires.

*****

Nick watched intently as Wanda began to rub firmly between her thighs in an attempt to keep her panties dry for just a few minutes longer. Her face was a mixture of intense concentration and obvious pleasure. His own hand rubbed harder against his erection and he felt his briefs become sticky with pre-cum. He wished he could get closer to her. He wanted to see her lose her battle. He wanted it to be his hand between her legs when the flood gates opened. It was then that he got the idea.

Standing up, he untucked his shirt so that it hung down over his obvious erection. Standing reminded him that he had to pee too, though nowhere near as badly as Wanda. Making sure he had his keys, he grabbed a plastic bowl and headed out the door,.

The walk around to the other side of the building seemed to take forever but, soon enough he found himself outside Wanda's door. His cock was pulsing in his pants as he saw, in his mind's eye, his cute, sexy neighbor battling to stay dry. Hand shaking, he rung the bell.

********

The door bell made Wanda jump slightly and another leak sneaked by her furiously pressing fingertips. She hissed between her teeth and clamped for all she was worth.

«Who is it?»

«Hey Wanda, it's Nick.» He was impressed with how steady his voice sounded since, from the inside, it felt like he was shaking someone had dropped a quarter into the box for the Magic Fingers.

«I was wondering if I could borrow some ice? My ice maker is on the blink.»

Wanda considered telling Nick she was busy. It would have been the intelligent thing to do, considering. Still, a wicked little voice in her head prodded her to answer, «Just a minute. I'll be right there».

Nick couldn't believe she was going to answer the door. Suddenly, his own need to pee seemed to double and he found his right hand in his pocket, squeezing down behind the head of his cock.

The door opened and Wanda's face peeped around.

«Come on in.»

Nick entered and closed the door behind him. He turned to thank Wanda and found her with her back pressed against the door and both hands jammed between thighs so tightly pressed together he could barely see them. More importantly, he could see the wet spot in her crotch. He wondered what she would do if he just let go, right then.

«Yo okay, Wanda?»

«Um, not really. I seem to have waited a bit to long to go and I'm kind of stuck. Frankly, I'm surprised I got to the door to let you in. I don't think I can make it to the bathroom though. This is so embarrassing.»

«Don't be embarrassed. Really. I have the same problem sometimes.»

Nick tried to be surreptitious as he squeezed and stroked his cock. If Wanda noticed, she gave no sign. She was too busy bouncing her bum off her front door and gnawing on her lower lip.

«I know,» Wanda responded. «I've seen you sometimes. On your balcony in the evening.»

Nick blushed. He occasionally indulged his kink by sitting out on his balcony and letting his desperation build until he soaked his pants. Some nights, it happened more than once. Occasionally, he even beat off afterward thinking, he was shielded behind the plants in his container garden.

«I didn't know you could see me.»

«Oh yes.»

She didn't seem disturbed by what she was telling him so, he took a gamble.

«I see you in here sometimes, too», he told her. «In fact, that's really why I came over tonight. I was kind of hoping I might get to see you.»

«See me?»

«Yeah. I've been watching you for a while now and, it's pretty obvious that you need to pee pretty badly. I thought if I caught you off guard, I might get to watch.»

«Huh! Well, unless you suddenly decide to take your ice and leave, I'd say you'll get your wish.»

Wanda was rapidly losing control of her bladder but, she seemed to be gaining control of her situation. She could feel she was leaking and the pee was starting to drip from her fingers. Nick watched, mesmerized. The enraptured look on her face made her feel, somehow, powerful.

«Do you just want to watch?»

«I like to watch,» he admitted. «I've never tried anything else.»

«Me either. Would you like too?»

Wanda could not believe her own boldness. She was going to pee soon. Hugely and uncontrollably and in front of a man she barely knew. The idea was making her clit pulse in time with her heart beat, which was pounding now.

«Could I hold you, then?» Nick asked, still squeezing back his own pee.

«Better hurry!»

Not needing to be told twice, Nick stepped right in front of her and slid his free hand over hers. The feel of her hot, dripping piss coating his palm was almost more than he could bear. His own need to pee receded as his dick got rock solid.

His touch seemed to be all the permission she needed. Wanda removed her own hands and the damn began to collapse. She'd been holding so long that, at first, it was barely a trickle.

She groaned as her bladder spasmed sending out a stronger wave of wet, golden heat.

«Oh god,» moaned Nick, «that is soooo hot!

As if his brain had disconnected and his body had taken control, he slipped to his knees in front of her. He watched her face, slack with desire and growing relief, as her pee rained down on his chest, pouring over him in a thick, hissing stream. He slid his palms up the legs of her shorts until he reached her pussy lips and then slid his fingers between.

She watched as her seemingly endless stream of pee flowed down his arms. He was drenched in her wee, which was pouring down him and pooling on the floor around him. As his fingers grazed her clit, she came explosively and the last hot gush of pee sprayed through her shorts, wetting his face and hair.

Nick had never been so excited. His dick felt like it was going to explode and all he wanted was for the moment to go on and on..

In his wet shorts, Nick's erection was obvious and Wanda, still intoxicated by her own amazing release, simply had to touch it.

She slid to her kneed in front of him and undid his shorts. The sight of his briefs, wet with her pee and clinging to his bulging cock was breath taking. She reached out and took him in her hand. Nick shuddered at her touch and moaned deep in his throat as she began to stroke him.

«Ahhhh god! I'm gonna cum! Ahhhh, jeeze...»

Wanda pushed down his waist band so she could watch the thick ropes of creamy cum shoot up between them. His hips drove forward again and again, even after there was nothing left. Then, before he could warn her, piss began shooting from his semi hard penis fountaining up between them.

«Yesss,» hissed Wanda, directing his stream into her face and across her chest.

Nick didn't even try to stop himself as he watched Wanda shower herself from his spraying cock. He thought he'd never seen anything sexier.

When his stream finally subsided, they collapsed into the puddle on the floor. There wasn't a dry inch on either one of them, and they ran their fingers over each others' pee drenched skin.

«Nick?»

«Uh-huh»

«You do realize you»re going to have to stay until your clothes dry, right?»'

«I hadn't really thought about that but, I guess you're right.»

«You could stay longer, if you wanted?»

«Yeah? What'd you have in mind.»

«Well, I've got a big pitcher of margarita's in the fridge and a rubber bottom sheet I've never used. I'm sure we could figure out something.»

«Now that sounds like a plan. Shall we mop up here and go find something to drink?»

«Sounds like a plan but first, I need to pee again.»

Nick rolled Wanda on top of him and said, «Feel free.»

