Hot Tub Follies

20th January 2013, 03:40 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

This is a very real - and very exciting - story of something that just happened last night.

I am traveling for business and staying a pretty nice - all suites - hotel, which also has a pool. Although I had gone out for a massage in the morning, I spent the rest of the day in my room. All of it nude. And to be honest, I spent a lot of my time bouncing between this site and masturbating. I'm not on here often anymore, but I needed a little inspiration for my weekend away - and this certainly worked.

I took a break for dinner; I ordered room service and just threw on a robe when the guy arrived with my grilled salmon and bottle of chardonnay. After dinner, I was horny again and ready for more. But I was spent. The alcohol certainly didn't help. I had brought along one of my favorite dildos, but I don't fly with vibrators. So my hands were tired and couldn't give me any more service. But the hotel had a pool, which had a hot tub next to it. If I was alone, I knew the Jacuzzi jets would do the trick. Plus, I still had quite a buzz going from the wine so my inhibitions weren't really the strongest (they were pretty much gone by that point).

So I reluctantly got dressed into a bikini, put on a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt over top, and went down to the pool. I had to pee before I left the room, but figured that may add to the excitement of the evening's activities somehow. If nothing else, I enjoy releasing a full bladder in conjunction with my orgasm to help intensify and extend the feeling. It really works wonders.

To my delight, when I walked into the pool area, I was alone! I had brought a book, and opened it up next to the hot tub so I could appear to be "reading it" if anyone walked in. And I went right to work.

Unfortunately, about a minute later a young couple walked in. They looked over, and you could tell that they were hoping to be alone as well. But they went to the opposite side of the pool, and just started swimming in the water a little. And I was horny (and still a little drunk), so I didn't stop. They were in their own world, and I was in mine.

Well, I had been masturbating on and off all day long - my first climax coming at around 9:30 am (with the help of a shocked massage therapist: story posted here

), followed by a whole series of orgasms in the afternoon. So as much as I wanted to cum, I just couldn't get there! I was horny and wanted it so bad, but my body was worn out.

This just made me want it even more, so I pushed the situation a little more and lifted my pussy even closer so the jet would be perfectly directed at my clit. The couple was starting to figure it out. The girl's back was facing me, but I kept catching the guy look over and then look back at the girl when she would look up at him. But no one said anything and they just kept swimming, kind of teasing each other.

Meanwhile, I was laying against the side of the hot tub, thinking to myself: "Come on!!! Orgasm already!!!" I didn't even care if the guy knew what I was doing. The way I figured it, he'd just get turned on then give his girl a REALLY good time later on.

Finally, I could feel that I was getting close - and I wasn't going to let this one slip past me. I held the book open with my left hand, but with my right, I reached down into the water and pulled my bikini bottom down just enough so nothing would be stopping the jet of water pulsating against my flesh.

And that's all it took. I could feel my climax approaching, and looked up for just a second to see that both of them were safely looking away at the moment. It was time. I set the book aside - closing my eyes and arching my back a little - as I opened my labia with my finger and pressed my clit as close to the water jet as I could. Holding my breath, I suddenly felt the first wave of my orgasm surge through me. As I was climaxing, I also released all of the tension from holding in my pee and just let myself go - the intensity of the orgasm heightened by the release of my full bladder at the same moment.

Well, the guy must have looked up at just the right moment - and his girl must have finally noticed him staring at me. I was still coming down off the orgasm when I opened my eyes, and saw that BOTH the guy and the girl now had their eyes locked on me. There was nothing I could do to stop what was happening. My body was still shaking from my climax, and I was still mid-stream peeing into the water.

And I know it was inconsiderate of me, but at the time I literally thought to myself; "Heck, if they're gonna get a show at my expense, I'll leave behind a little souvenir for my voyeurs." They didn't even pretend to not be looking, which to me felt oddly rude. I know...I wasn't thinking straight. So in return, I stared right back at them and just kept on peeing, as the last of my orgasmic waves coursed through me. I didn't have enough guts to stand up so they could see the piss spraying out of me; I figured they'd seen more than enough already - and THAT would definitely get me into trouble. But it turned me on so much to imagine that they knew I was peeing. I then eased back into the water and pulled my bikini bottom back up.

As I got out, I know my face was flush-red from the orgasm and the sheer embarrassment of it all. But I held my head high, and as I was walking out, the couple was totally speechless. I looked over to them, and simply said: "It's all yours now. Have fun with it." And I was gone.

Holy crap!!! What a RUSH!!! As I stepped into the elevator to go back to my room, I reached my hand down to my pussy and started to rub frantically - but suddenly remembered that there is always a camera somewhere in an elevator. "Ah...crap," I realized. "There was probably a camera in the pool area also. Oh well, too late now."

Needless to say, when I got back into my room, the bikini came off right away and I went to town on myself - just imagining what that young couple was doing down in the hot tub, probably swimming in the souvenir I left behind.

###

So that was my night...which was the cherry on top of an equally wild and crazy day. So now I'm totally exhausted, and I'm planning to just lay low today. Maybe watch a movie or something. I need to go down to the hotel restaurant for some brunch. But I really hope that couple isn't there, though. I'm kind of nervous about it. I mean, seriously, how awkward would that be?!?! Oh well, I've gotta eat.

Kisses, Renee

