Bound and wet

13th June 2010, 05:30 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

The long drive lady again - but I am running out of titles!!

Control - I love to be in control and one of the best things about these experiences is that the woman I shared with was more than happy to let me control her. Her sex life previously had revolved around two guys; two long term relationships and her lying there wondering what all the fuss was about as they got their rocks off. So; she wanted to try anything, everything.

I mentioned before that I would give her about an hours notice of my arrival and ask her to start drinking. One weekend, she had company - a work colleague was to visit and his visit coincided with my arrival. So I issued the same warning and spent the hour he was there upstairs; preparing the room and drinking for myself. He stayed longer than expected - to the extent that I had to pee - we were having cider and it travels pretty quickly. It really was a case of let it out before it overflows. Downstairs, I could hear conversation - but eventually the guy left and I was joined by an slightly flustered partner - who had; as she'd been told, had a couple of glasses of water already. I had her cider ready and as we lay side by side for a while, encouraged her to drink. She had quite a high threshold for alcohol but the cold cider- slightly bubbly did what i wanted it to do and it was less than an hour before she was pleasantly mellow - with an increasing urge to pee.

I had set up our airbed, towels too, but to start with we remained on the bed and removed each others clothes; laying there kissing, petting and just indulging in gentle foreplay as the cider mellowed us both. With my fingers inside her I could feel her bladder - not desperately full, but if I pressed, she would clamp thighs shut. Laying her on her back, I restrained her wrists. Just wrists because I wanted my tongue between her legs and with her restrained at both ends, this could get tricky. I was being reminded quite frequently of her need to pee by this time - it became a part of the ritual I suppose "babe, I need a pee" then after a while "I really do need to pee" My cue to increase the pressure.

We had talked of experimenting with other things - she has a number of toys, love eggs, and even three ceramic eggs; varying in size from chicken to goose, which she can hold with her muscles; draw in and out - without using her hands! Today, I had a plan. And she found herself blindfolded. I had seen the eggs in use, and she really had amazing muscular control - but that would be for another time. The love eggs - the idea with those was to use them when out; but the noise they made meant that was impossible. It also made bladder control hard! The one and only time she involuntarily lost pee when clothed; when the eggs were inside, she was desperate and I whacked the power up. Result? Wet pyjamas! She pissed herself.

Downstairs to the kitchen, another bottle of cider from the fridge and some ice. Back upstairs, the cider went into a glass; a straw into her mouth and I made her drink more. She complained about the effect this would have but I cut off her objections by placing firstly, the ice on her abdomen - just above her pubic hair and pressed it fairly firmly into her bladder; before sliding the ice down over her clit and into her cunt; where it stayed, melting, "Ooh you bastard - it feels like i am peeing! And it's fucking cold!" She clamped her thighs together.

My response was to put the straw back in her mouth and get her to finish her drink. Time for her pussy to have a drink, the dregs from the cider bottle. I got her to raise herself up slightly, and the cold neck of the bottle slid beautifully into her pussy, just a little and I let the remaining liquid trickle inside her; before pushing the cold glass in to chase it. Another loud gasp - but this time with a smile. I fucked her with the bottle; she arched and gasped in time - I knelt close by and rubbed her clit with my other hand. "Cum for me babe - go on, relax and cum". Pushing the bottle deep inside, I increased the rubbing and she managed to control the bottle by moving her hips - and with one single "AahH!" thrust forward as her orgasm hit, I pressed hard on her clit and watched as her thighs clenched, bucked and she dropped; fell back into the bed. A smile again as she lay there.

Blindfold off, I showed her the bottle; letting her taste the neck and run her tongue around the inside to capture her own juices and maybe a drop if cider. Now, needing to pee, I knelt between her legs and rubbed the tip of my cock against her pussy, up against her clit and just teased her lips. "I have to pee too" I told her - "You dare" was the response "we have no towels on the bed" So, not wanting to change too much - I was having too much fun, I grabbed the towels from the airbed and rearranged them so that her duvet was protected. "We do now" I said - and resumed my position between her legs "And I really do have to pee"

"Pee inside me. Let me see what it feels like"

I did not have to be asked twice, so I rubbed against her pussy lips and gently moved inside her. "Ooh, someone else needs to pee too! You are extremely tight babe!" I mocked. She had eyes closed "God I am going to piss myself"

"No. You have to hold it - me first". I moved in and out gently; then harder - harder still. "can you cum again babe? Before you pee?"

"Ahhh!" I got no real answer, just the impression that she was trying to do one but not the other. "NO! No, I can't! I can't relax enough. I'll wet the bed and, believe me; there's a flood waiting to happen. These towels won't cope with it" I eased back and stayed inside her. "So we are back to the airbed then?" We are - and you'd best make it soon mister because I really have to fucking pee" I looked into her eyes, relaxed a little and sent a spurt of pee into her cunt. Just flexing my cock, sending whatever was at the tip out into her - watching for a reaction. Wide eyed and mouth open - she giggled and pushed against me. I withdrew a little and my pee trickled out of her. Holding my cock now, I aimed a longer spurt - pushing my pee out and aimed it at her clit. Then stopped. "Airbed" I said.

I released her and rearranged the towels as they had been before. She stood by me, thighs tightly clenched and making sucking noises. I wanted her to pee before her muscles decided to clamp shut; but had one more surprise. "Lie down then" I said- she lay on the bed and before she could react further, I had my tongue in her pussy; just enough to prevent her from pissing - she couldn't pee if I (or she) was paying attention to her pussy. I then sucked and nibbled greedily at her clit; maybe this time she would cum before her body took over; but no! She bucked her hips and I had to move. She lay there, hands by her sides; not a word - then started to leak. Not a dribble - full on leak - as if from nowhere. "Excuse me. Did I say you could?"

"I can't help it! I can't wait any longer. I stopped the leak by putting a finger inside her, then kneeling between her thighs, pointed my cock at her clit again and let rip for myself. She raised her hips and cursed at me - teeth clenched; "I can't fucking hold it GOD YOU BASTARD! OH! And her pee started to leak out again. This time, I let it flow - she had awesome power in those muscles. Her pee increased in intensity - from a gently little flow to a hissing force - out horizontally, into my groin; hitting the last few spurts from my own bladder; before I moved to her and placed my hard cock against her pussy lips again. It was all I could do to enter her; but the exctasy of her piss on my cock took over; I felt my orgasm rising and just managed to push hard against her lips; her pee still coming out, pooling around us both as I came and she emptied her bladder...

As a little post script to this one; after showering and sleeping for a while, we decided to dress and go out; but got no further than her sitting on the edge of the bed! I must have spent maybe half an hour then, my mouth in her cunt, and with her fingers against her clit; she came over and over until she literally could not move or manage any more. Suddenly "I need to pee again" I had been wondering as; giving my tongue a rest, I had had my fingers inside her too - and she felt more than a bit full.

"Shame to waste it" I said; "Were you close to pissing in my mouth?"

"I did think of trying to - but wasn't sure how you'd respond."

"Go for it next time then"

Just a few minutes later; I needed another shower; She lay me down on the airbed - still covered in soggy towels - "We only have time for you to lie there and me to pee. I am desperate " She knelt over me, batted my hand away as it reached for her puss - closed her eyes and relaxed. I got a hot pee shower all over me - unashamedly grabbed my cock and with just a few strokes sent cum up into the jet... She peed for ages. Truly, when she said "I need to pee" that is precisely what she meant - and now; and how!

There's a couple more to tell.

