The Woods

7th February 2012, 10:56 PM

Author: Jackbower

Location: USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 52

I remember an event that occurred roughly a year ago with my girlfriend. It was a cool day, so we decided to take a stroll in the woods. They were maybe half a mile from my house and several miles in length, so I knew we would be gone for awhile.

It was technically considered trespassing, but that didn't deter us; in fact, we preferred it. Part of the appeal of the woods was the privacy. If we had to worry about other people bothering us, we would have avoided them all together. The law was never a problem; we considered it a blessing in disguise.

When we got to the entrance, we climbed over the small hill that hid the main path. It was a wide, dirt path surrounded by trees. It had been a long time since it had seen use by anyone other than us (and maybe the occasional homeless person). People used to drive ATVs and dirt bikes through it, but for some reason it fell out of style.

We made small talk as we trekked. The dirt beneath us felt and looked like sand, with its soft, shifty nature, and its almost white appearance. Occasionally, we would hear something in the bushes and we would grow deathly silent. She would always stiffen up in fear, but I always waited with curiosity.

Whenever I was with her, my eyes would often drift. It was hard not admiring her body. Despite being a mostly fit white girl, she had very large breasts. She would often wear shirts and bras that accentuated them nicely, leaving her with a... rather generous amount of cleavage. I don't believe it was a deliberate attempt at being sexy, but it was that very innocence that made it as appealing as it was.

It was maybe thirty minutes into the walk when she made a comment which caught my attention - or rather, demanded it.

"I should have peed before we left." She didn't look at me when she said it. It was insignificant.

"What's wrong? You gotta go?"

"Yeah, a little bit, but I can hold it."

We kept walking. I started to think about her need. I imagined her desperate and dancing. I thought of urine running down her legs; of her jeans getting soaked. I wondered if anything would come of it. There was no way of knowing if she had just said it or if she had truly meant it.

Sometimes she would see something cute or nice, and with a quiet "Awww" or a quick gasp, she would rush up to it. Out of compulsion I would look at her behind. Once again, she had a very nice bottom for a white girl. It was big and worked well with her slightly wide thighs. I was never too picky, but something of her form was extremely appetizing.

When she turned around to walk back, I would steal a glance at her legs. The small area right below the button of her jeans, where the legs met; it was impossible not to look for at least a moment. I loved to picture her undoing that button and sliding her jeans to the ground, showing me the color of her panties

, and then revealing her entire being.

Another ten minutes went by before the topic was breached again.

"Ohhhh, I gotta pee." As she complained, she bounced lightly up and down, her legs closed tight. At this point I knew that she was serious. She could still make it; actually, she would most likely make it. Still, it fueled my imagination - as well as my hopes.

Needless to say, I was infatuated with her, but not just physically. There were plenty of women whom I found attractive, but she was one of the few I could truly connect with. We could have long, deep conversations. It didn't matter if we agree or disagreed; all that mattered was that we could comfortably talk.

Another 15 minutes went by.

"Oh man..." Her hand stroked her leg for a moment.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing."

"... It's only been 45 minutes. I can't believe you have to go this bad already."

"It's been longer than that... I told you I didn't use the toilet before we left." She gave me a fake, teasing frown.

"You don't want to turn back, do you?"

"... No, no, I'll be fine!"

She also had beautiful hair. It was smooth and silky, golden blond, and went past her shoulders in length. I loved to run my fingers through it as she relaxed; or just to stare at it - wet and matted down - when she left the shower.

Ten minutes passed before she spoke again. I suppose she had initially stayed silent out of the shame, but the urge had grown to be too much to bear alone.

"Crap... I've gotta gooooo!" Her hand started to gravitate to the small area below the button of her jeans that I found so attractive. She had started to hold herself. She couldn't possibly last much longer. My imagination grew more fervent and restless.

"You look like you're in a bit of a situation," I teased.

"Yes! I have to pee!" She stopped and bounced up and down like she had before, but it meant so much more with both hands buried in her crotch.

She was only a few inches shorter than me. She wasn't as petite as most girls, but she wasn't tall either. In my eyes, it was a perfect mix.

Another 10 minutes went by until when we reached the end of the woods; or rather, the end of the circuit. They looped around, and all we had to do to head back was keep following the path.

"I dunno if I'm gonna make it."

"Oh, come on, it can't be that bad," I teased.

"It is!" She whined. "I don't think I can make it home."

Her words left me aroused. Finally, it was almost guaranteed that she would have an accident

. That was unless she did one thing...

"I think I might have to pee out here."

"Wow, really? You never pee outside."

"Yeah, and I usually don't have to go this bad."

"I dunno, I've seen you pretty bad-off before."

"That was differeeent!" She bounced. "I feel like I'm gonna explode!"

"Well, look, we're already half-way through. You held it this far, I'm sure you can make it back."

"But I can't! I've really, REALLY gotta go." She was teasing me.

"Hmm... how about this: you hold it until we get home and I'll take you out?"

"... So you want me to risk wetting myself so we can go on a date?"

"Well, when you put it like that..." I laughed.

"And if I don't make it?" Her tone was strained, but I could tell by the words she was playing along.

"I'll still take you out. The only condition is that you TRY."

"Ohhhh," She leaned over and grabbed herself. "Alright, fine."

She was the best.

Her desperation started off quiet. She didn't talk much and she had started to walk slowly. Every once in awhile she would mutter something about needing to go or about how she was about to wet herself, but that was the extent of it. Soon enough, though, she grew more livid. I no longer had to slow down for her, and at times, she would be so far ahead she'd have to stop and wait.

"Hurry up!" She bounced.

"I'm coming. Christ, you've gotta slow down."

"I can't or I'm not gonna make it!" With each step her hips swayed widely and quickly. I enjoyed watching her butt go back and forth, her legs mashed together, trying to contain the torrent of pee that begged for release.

Suddenly, she stopped. Her hands gripped tight on her crotch and she was slightly bent over, as if the urge had become unbearable.

"What's wrong?" I looked at her, concerned.

"... I think I went a little."

"Oh, you did? Do you... mind if I see?"

"I don't think it was enough to get through my panties

, and... If I spread my legs... I'll go." Her cheeks were glowing red.

"... Can you still walk?"

"I think." She waddled a few steps forward before going into a slow, conserved walk.

Only a minute went by before she stopped again. She gasped and stood, legs together, hands mashed in-between. She was in front of me, her amazing butt held tight in her pale jeans, pointed at me.

"Crap, I leaked again..." Before I could respond, I was interrupted by another gasp and a quick, loud hiss. "Shit."

I saw a small line of saturation extend from her crotch, half way down her leg. There was a moment of silence where we both stood still, not sure of what to do. Soon, the hissing started again, except this time, it didn't stop. She stood there, her legs together, piss pouring out of her, completely unable to stop it.

"O-oh... fuck..." Her voice started incredibly strained, but resolved in relief. The back of her jeans was flood by a sudden downpour of liquid. They glimmered in the sunlight as urine steadily crawled higher and higher in her panties

, leaving her butt soaked as well. As the puddle on the ground got larger, the hissing got quieter.

An image of her panties ran through my mind. I imagined they were her black, lacy ones - bikini-style and no doubt soaked - but they may have been her red ones, stripped ones, or even her printed ones. It didn't matter. I could see them all in my head, tight and dripping, clinging to her glistening body.

Moments before the stream came to an end, she spread her legs. I watched as the liquid continued to run through the jeans. All in all, it was a quick experience, but to me, it felt like a thousand lifetimes.

When she stopped, she turned around and sighed heavily. Her cheeks were red with embarrassment and her hands were shaking lightly.

