First Time for Everything...

3rd February 2008, 08:14 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

While the washer hummed faintly, Kiki and Danielle settled comfortably on the couch, ignoring the slow-drying dampness of the cushions. They were both still nude and unashamed as they watched television. There wasn't much on in the middle of the afternoon, but they giggled at a poorly written family drama about the dangers of drug addiction.

«Have you ever had thoughts about another girl?» Danielle asked. The question was completely unexpected and without warning.

«What do you mean?» Kiki replied, still grinning in spite of her confusion.

«Well… like… feelings?»

«Are you asking me if I'm gay?»

«No, not gay. Just… Sometimes I think about what it would be like, you know? I love guys, you know that more than anyone. But I just… watching you earlier just made me feel… I don't know.» Kiki remembered the tingle she had felt years ago while watching Joanna in the locker room. She had felt the same tingle as she watched Danielle wet her jeans on the couch and now as she admired her nearly flawless body.

«So… do you?»

Kiki answered her by reaching a hand across the couch and touching Danielle's leg gently with her fingertips. Almost instinctively, Danielle leaned towards Kiki and seemed to squirm closer to her. Kiki felt a slight scratch of pubic hair brush her finger and felt a far-off urge to pull her hand away, but she resisted and pushed her hand lower. Danielle continued to lean in and their lips met lightly and inelegantly. Neither of them resisted, though, as Kiki scooted closer, sinking her hand lower between Danielle's legs until she felt hair and dampness.

Danielle opened her legs and allowed Kiki's fingers to slip into her. Their lips met again, more precise and passionate this time, as Danielle moaned. Kiki pulled her lips away and gently nudged Danielle's shoulders.

«Lay back,» she said. Danielle did as she was asked as Kiki continued to stroke her vagina slowly with her fingers. Kiki leaned forward and began placing tiny kisses on Danielle's bare neck and shoulders while still moving her fingers up and down, teasing her clitoris.

«Oh, that's so good. If you had any idea.» Kiki kept stroking as she pressed her soft breasts against Danielle's. She leaned in closer, bringing their bodies together. «Oh, not too much pressure on my stomach,» Danielle warned. «I've got to pee.» Kiki did not move, nor did she stop her stroking. «I'm serious, I've got to pee.» Finally, Kiki sat up, but with her other hand she pressed on Danielle's abdomen gently.

«How does this feel, then?»

«Oh, God, stop it. I'm gonna pee all over your hand, seriously. Mmm, but that feels so great.» Kiki's fingers moved more rapidly in and out, up and down, as she increased the pressure on Danielle's tummy. «Mmm, Kiki, I swear, you need to stop. I'm going to piss myself like any time now if you keep that up.»

«Hold it,» Kiki directed, surprised by the authority in her voice. Danielle looked surprised, too, but she smiled.

«I'll try.» Kiki stroked faster and harder and Danielle's moans changed steadily to gasps and cries. Kiki grabbed Danielle's hand and replaced hers, pleased as Danielle took over. «What…(gasp) are you (gasp) doing?» she asked. Kiki did not answer her but leaned in and pressed her vagina close to Danielle's. With a sigh, Kiki released her bladder and sprayed a jet of urine against Danielle's vagina. «Oh God!» Danielle screamed. «Mmm, shit! Ah!» Kiki began stroking herself briskly as her pee continued to hiss onto Danielle, caressing her vagina and thighs. «Oh, I can't hold it anymore,» Danielle screamed and instantly a jet of pee shot up and splashed against Kiki's stomach.

The sound of their urine splashing together and falling against their bodies could be heard over the television. Their stroking sent splashes of pee all over their thighs and stomach. The couch beneath them was becoming saturated and Kiki licked her lips as the delicious feeling of warmth spread beneath her legs. «I'm gonna come,» Danielle shouted. This sent Kiki over the edge and in unison with Danielle's shrieks of ecstasy, her climax came hard and quick. The two of them screamed for what seemed like minutes, pee still seeping silently from between their legs. When they were finally finished, Kiki slumped forward and rested comfortably against Danielle's bare and soaked body. A few seconds later, the two of them were snoozing.

«Well, this is a big surprise.» Kiki jumped up at the sound of her mother's voice. Danielle sat up also and squirmed nervously.

«Mom. I…»

«You don't need to explain, sweetheart. After everything that's happened, you think I'm going to get upset about my daughter sleeping with another girl?» She giggled, but Kiki and Danielle could only manage a nervous chuckle. «Wow, you girls must have really had a great time. Look at this couch.» Cheryl's smile was a little unexpected as she tapped Kiki's leg, trying to shoo her off of the couch. She flipped the cushions over one by one and within seconds the couch looked tidy again. «You'll have to spray it with Febreeze.» Cheryl reached into the plastic bag and tossed one of the Febreeze bottles to her daughter. «Now, if you'll excuse me a minute.»

Smiling, she wandered to the tile floor next to the door, kicked her shoes off, and stood with her legs spread. Seconds later, a soft hiss filled the room as Cheryl peed full force. A glistening wet spot spread across the front of her skirt and clear tendrils of urine passed warmly down her thighs and caressed her feet. Kiki and Danielle stared in delight as a shiny puddle grew and grew at Cheryl's feet. «Ah,» she whispered when the flow finally stopped, «that's much better.»

Cheryl pulled her wet skirt and panties down and smiled again. «So, Danielle. Are you spending the night?»

