Reliving a Fantasy, and Real Life- Part 2

5th May 2019, 06:07 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

See part 1 of this story here: $/community/...ead.php?t=64195

This story involves female incontinence, bedwetting, pants wetting

, masturbation and lesbian themes. This is mostly a true story and I'm sharing it for the first time here. This is very personal for me. If you are into this, please read on....

Reliving a Fantasy, and Real Life- Part 2

###

I had carried on with a very productive life since that summer before graduating high school. I had gone to my favorite university 2 hours away, and I had worked hard, rarely partied, and I had graduated with honors. In many ways, leaving town was a good thing. It got me away from the pain of a broken, and at time abusive home, failed relationships, and it put my mind away from my 'habits' that brought me to loneliness, pee, and my fantasies of incontinence were waning, but not completely gone. I had lived with roommates for the three-and-a-half years I was completing my study. Even if I wanted to pee play, etc, it would have been impossible, as one my my roommates skipped classes all the time and she was ALWAYS home. I still had fantasies about pee...usually if I went out for drinks, or had that sudden urge to go.... But I sort of felt like all of that was behind me. I had dated partners, and I was happy. I had a very focused life.

After graduation from college, I found a job only an hour from my hometown, and I moved into an apartment. It was a studio apartment on the edge of town with a nature preserve behind it. Sort of like the house where I grew up....

That first weekend that I had moved in, I found myself alone one evening. A new town. I didn't know anyone. It was a warm summer night, with a light breeze rustling the trees. I went out onto the patio. Tree frogs and crickets sung to the stars. While I was on the patio, my best friend Taylor called me and her and I talked for 2 hours. During the conversation, she had told me that she was drinking long island iced tea. I was completely sober. I noticed she was talking funny and I asked her about it. She told me how to make the drink, and I decided to try it. I let her go as she was slurring her words.

I made the mixed drink and had a few sips. It was strong, but tasted sweet and sour and was very nice. I did not know the neighborhood but i decided I would be safe walking into the nature preserve. There was a humid and musty scent from the air and the moon was lighting the ground. I started to get flashes back to high school, when I had my first real accident. My heart started beating fast.

As I walked behind the apartment complex, it was quiet. I heard loons in the distance. There was a grassy and swampy scent to the air, but it was so comforting and calming. I was in leggings, a blouse and sandals. I felt cold, sweaty, but warm at the same time...I carried the drink I made in my hands and began to drink it. I walked and walked around what seemed like a trail. I came upon a hill. Stars filled my field of view. The breeze cooled my body and I began to feel buzzed and happy... and even horny.

My pussy began to swell and I felt myself getting wet inside. I started thinking about Taylor getting drunk, and I had never been attracted to her or fantasized about her before, but when she told me I'm hot over the phone, I felt hot and bothered. I thought back to that moment, and now I began to feel warm, and my bladder was loosening. I was sweating. And then a wave of emotions hit me. I began to feel like I was going to have an accident. I had the most intense urge to go pee, and there was nowhere to go.

And then something changed. I felt my bladder muscles go numb. I no longer had an urge, and there was just this dull pressure in my bladder. Within seconds, I was peeing in my pants. I tried to 'hold' it and then nothing. I had no control. I was just peeing and I had no control to stop it, nor did I feel an urge while I was going. This was very different than the accident I had years prior. This was the beginning to many episodes of accidents that would lead me to a diagnosis of overactive bladder, stress and urge incontinence. Alcohol was a trigger, and I realized I could not do that again.

The very next day I was getting ready for my new job the next day, and I was out at the store. I had just paid for my shopping and I was walking to my car and I began to leak with a sharp urge to go. I desperately tried to stop it and clenched my legs together. I could not stop it and I was soaking wet in my shorts. It was in my shoes. I had another accident. I felt terrified, excited and this was the beginning of something life-changing. I decided to go to the drug store and buy some depend silhouette diapers in case this was going to happen again the next day.

I went to work, and I had been wearing the silhouettes and i had some urges but no major leaks. This continued for days and i began to feel confident that I was not incontinent and I didn't need to wear these anymore. That changed again, the next Friday.

I was in the yard area behind my apartment and within seconds, I felt this overwhelming pressure in my bladder, but no urge. I felt myself getting wet but I had very little urge and very little feeling to stop it and I had completely soaked my leggings and shoes. I went inside and got online. I had been talking to a support group about incontinence and I stumbled across a chat site that was about pee. In some strange way I was turned on from my accident, as I was that day after graduating high school. It was horrible and terrifying to have accidents, but I actually enjoyed it in a way. I began to sexualize these accidents again to cope with them, and I would masturbate after an accident, and I started wetting the bed again. In 2 years I would get an incontinence diagnosis, but by then, I was already making my accidents into something I could enjoy. But this was real life. I was becoming incontinent. It was no longer just a fantasy, but I sometimes made it such....

Does anyone else have incontinence, but also get into pee as a kink? Do you use your pee kink as a way to make your incontinence more tolerable, enjoyable, or cope? I have had this for years and I'm just now accepting it.

- Jess

