Tinas Wedding

13th August 2017, 11:50 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

Hi, Everyone,

A story with a challenge... Is it true or did I make it up. If anyone is interested I'll give a completely honest answer.

TINA'S WEDDING

These events must go back twenty years or more, but some experiences you never forget, even if details get a little blurred. I still get excited even now when I recall the time I was invited to my cousin's wedding. The reception was well done in most ways, but the hall had been booked rather late and was not, shall we say, of the highest quality. In particular, there were very few lavatories for such a large hall, just one cubicle for the Gents and one for the Ladies. A brief geography lesson may be useful. Have you seen those old halls or pubs with something on the borderline between «inside' and «outside' lavatories, i.e. the lavatory doors are inside the hall, but merely lead straight through the brick wall to what is little more than a large wooden shed with a flimsy partition down the middle.

The doors to the Ladies and Gents are a long way apart, but each leads first to a washroom, the «standing room only' bit in the case of the Gents, then to the actual lavatory cubicles. The two lavatories are actually side-by-side, with only a thin wooden panel between them. I suppose they do it that way to make the plumbing easier, but the result is, if you can grab the Gents cubicle at a strategic moment, you can clearly hear every detail when a girl has a wee. Not only hear, as it turned out in this case… I arrived very early, to an almost empty hall, so had plenty of opportunity to satisfy my curiosity in this department. To my delight, that vital partition had a small knothole strategically placed!

Tina was a pretty girl, long, dark hair gently waved, pretty face, trim figure. She looked lovely in her wedding dress. She had chosen a traditional full, white dress; you know, the kind that consist of yards and yards of frilly cloth wound about sixteen times around the girl, with a similar petticoat adding to the bulk. The bride, groom and immediate family had a separate table up on the stage at the far end of the hall, with everyone else on tables in the main hall. I noticed that Tina liked long drinks like lager and lime, and, as you can imagine at her wedding, she was provided with plenty! Tina was normally a rather quiet girl, and I don't think she would have dreamed of doing this in more sober moments, but, about two hours into the proceedings, she stood up, and as she stepped down from the stage, announced to the whole, wide world,

«The blushing bride must go and have a wee!» I did say the platform was at the far end of the hall. «Far' in particular, from the lavatories! Have you ever tried to make a quick exit when you are the star of the show? Every few feet, someone tried to draw Tina into conversation, and she had to keep saying, with ever-increasing urgency,

«Excuse me, but I MUST go and have a wee!» I, of course, was watching her progress with great interest. Eventually she reached the lavatory, only to be faced with a queue of about six girls. I couldn't hear what she was saying, but the look of panic on her face said it all. She joined the queue and, after a few minutes, whispered something to the girl in front of her. The girl smiled indulgently, and Tina gratefully moved up one place in the queue. Another whisper to the next girl, with the same result. Another whisper… the next girl shook her head regretfully, wincing and placing a hand on her tummy. I couldn't hear what any of them were saying, but you didn't need to be a genius to get the general gist of it.

Tina was not going to advance any farther. She just had to take her turn and wait for the lavatory. Of course, with that dress, I couldn't really see much, and it may be just wishful thinking, but I do believe I could see the hem of her dress quivering slightly as she stood in the queue for the lavatory, struggling to hold her wee. Eventually she disappeared into the lavatory. As is so often the case, although there was a queue for the Ladies lavatory, the Gents was available. I took my chance, and commandeered the «inner sanctum' eye to wall. I didn't recognise the mini-skirted girl who came in next. I just had a glimpse of a trim young bum as she pulled her skirt up (She didn't need to pull THAT skirt up very far!) took her knickers down and sat on the lavatory. There was a very loud, long splashing sound, followed by a few dribbling «afterthoughts'. Just as she tore a sheet off the toilet roll, I heard Tina's distant voice saying,

«Oh, please. Will you be long? I'm nearly doing it all in my knickers!»

«No, hang on. Almost ready.» Dab pussy, knickers up, mini-skirt down, flush lavatory, all PDQ. Exit unidentified girl, hurriedly replaced by Tina. As she closed the door of the lavatory, I heard Tina's sigh of relief that her troubles were over…

No way!..

They were only just starting!..

As with most lavatories, the cubicle was small, and Tina's enormous dress practically filled it. And, of course, her knickers, which she so desperately needed to take down quickly, were buried under all those folds of loose, floppy cloth! Can you imagine the state she was in, absolutely busting to have a wee, so close to the lavatory, struggling to hold herself in that confined space as she wrestled with that huge dress which was stopping her from taking her knickers down!

After a few futile attempts, she grabbed a great heap of cloth in both hands, hauled it all up and somehow managed to grab the bottom of her knickers. I could see a damp patch, something running down her legs. My view was a bit restricted, but as Tina pulled her knickers down, I caught a quick glimpse… nice hair… odd, that, much lighter colour than her more public hair… pussy lips neat, trim, like everything else about her, no floppy «double chins' down there as some girls have… and, most important of all, SHE WAS HAVING A WEE! No little dribble either.

Tina's wee was squirting out of her neat slit in a full, wide stream, just as if she was on the lavatory and had let go completely. No wonder she was in such a desperate hurry to take her knickers down. She just couldn't hold herself any longer. Even as she struggled with that dress, she must have known it was hopeless. She was already doing it all in her knickers before she could get them down. So, at last, her knickers were down. Then the final disaster.

As Tina had struggled to pull the front of her dress up, the back had flopped down, and become trapped under her heels. Try as she might, she just couldn't get on that lavatory, just that tantalising few inches behind her. Suddenly I realised what she meant when the other girl was in the lavatory and Tina desperately said she was nearly doing it all in her knickers... She really meant ALL! Even though she had already done a LOT of wee, she still couldn't stop it. For all her obvious, desperate efforts she just COULDN'T stop her wee, which was still rushing out of her in a great, pale yellow stream, splashing noisily on the floor in a spreading, steaming puddle.

Eventually she managed to turn round to face the lavatory, man fashion, but by then it was hardly worth it. The floor and her knickers were really the only lavatory she used that time round. Tina took her soaking knickers off after a struggle and, after some hesitation, left the cubicle. I don't know what happened after that. I rejoined the party, as did Tina, about fifteen minutes later. The rest of the evening passed without major incident, though I did manage to sneak a look at several other girls going to the lavatory. I think people were getting a bit suspicious in the end… Surely he couldn't need to go to the lavatory THAT often! Poor guy… Maybe he has a problem.

He probably has, but not the one they meant!

