A Very Different Place

19th November 2017, 06:42 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

A Very Different Place

This story contains adult female wetting, incontinence, golden shower, and masturbation themes. If you are into that please continue.

###

I have bladder incontinence. I developed severe overactive bladder and urge incontinence in my 20s. Although incontinence has affected my life in ways I could never imagine (both good and bad), it changed the way I experience pee, but I still get aroused from being in wet pants, or having the sensation of losing control of my bladder function. Most of the time, the problem I have is such unbearable urges that I am unable to hold my pee for minutes or hours at a time. It often results in a period where my 'hold' muscles go numb and I'm unable to control the urges to pee and I will wet in my pants, diaper, or bed. This is mostly terrifying, and un-pleasurable in public places. I often have to wear adult diapers outside the home. It scares me so much that I have cried after a round of leaks and accidents. But I have had a 'fetish' for this since before I became incontinent. So here is what happened yesterday...

My fascincation with peeing on myself, wetting my clothes and bed has been with me for as long as I can remember. Today I was home alone. Partner was away and I had no major obligations today. I just met my partner a few months ago and she knows I'm incontinent, but she does not know I get off on pee. She has since *seemed* like she was accepting of my bladder problems, but it has already caused a weird distance between us.

This morning, I woke up as if it were any normal Saturday. I had a good rest. I was wearing stretch pajamas and t-shirt. I smelled pee like I did when I used to wet the bed in my teens, and I was wondering what it was from.... I had just opened my eyes and I had realized I peed myself in the night. My pants were pretty wet. I started to feel a mild fullness in my bladder and urge to pee.

I got out of bed, and the sheet just had a small wet spot. Most of the pee soaked my pajamas from my butt and in front and around my legs.

I decided to sign online. I regularly chat in a pee chat room. I sometimes have breakfast and sip a glass of wine or two. I put down doggie pads as I usually do if I am undiapered and I wet myself. I was chatting two great pee friends in who I absolutely adore and about 20 minutes into our chat my urges started. I told my chat friend that the trouble is starting. He knew exactly what I meant. I told him I need to get my phone and check texts and as I got up I felt this overwhelming wave of urges in my bladder that can only be described as epic.

It was like the worst you have ever had to pee in your life, but times 10. I felt everything was starting to go numb and I had already stood up, and in that moment, I realized that I was in a different place. I suddenly felt terrified, and aroused to the point of wanting to masturbate. I was incontinent, but I didn't even care. I wanted to lose control. I felt this almost ice-cube or hot like feeling rush over my bladder. The urge to pee was unbearable, and in the second, I tried to hold it back, and stop the urge. I clenched my hands into my crotch, and the urge was so strong I started to try to 'hold' my muscles to stop from having to pee. The 'hold' sensation went completely numb. I felt myself go to this other place. I felt lightheaded, and almost euphoric. I knew I was slipping...

I sat back down and my bladder began to spasm. I lost the ability to feel my 'hold' muscles. I could not control my pee and I was going. My pants were getting soaked. About 15 seconds in- it stopped, but I still had the urges. I was able to stop it for now...

In that moment I felt this rush of pleasure, and I was wet. I wanted to masturbate. I took off my wet pants but kept my panties on. I walked to the bathroom. I got in the tub. I have done a lot of yoga, and I was able to lay down in the tub and put my legs above the top of my body. I felt this almost abandon. Almost like I was high, but I only had a drink of wine with breakfast. My bladder began to clench again. I felt like I wanted to be incontinent for a few moments. And then...all of a sudden my bladder urges were so bad I could not hold it. I began to pee and I purposely put my legs higher and then I let myself lose control of my bladder where it was going through my panties and I saw a jet of pee going all over my chest, breasts and face. The smell was so intense and then began to rub my clit and finger my vagina. I came within 45 seconds. After I came I began to lose control of my bladder again and it was filling up my tub.

I got up but didn't wash myself. I put fresh panties on and went to bed for a long nap. I woke up soaked in pee. I woke up and got myself off so hard I felt like I had a seizure. I felt this euphoria I never felt before. Omg, this was a different place. Could I actually start getting aroused from being incontinent? I think I could...

Stay tuned..

- Jess

