Kim's Discovery (and we lose our virginity)

26th February 2006, 01:42 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

October 1976 saw me heading for University. Not too far away, mind you - about four hours by public transport. Having left college back home, Kim was now working for a local company. We kept in touch by letter and occasional phone call - mobile phones still being pretty much the stuff of science fiction back then!

I always enjoyed the letter writing (nothing's changed!) and from the early ones that incorporated gentle sexual innuendo, we progressed to the stage where we were writing to each other in graphic detail, describing the pleasure that how our masturbation and associated thought/fantasy processes had worked. Oh, how I wish that I still had those letters - this would have been the ideal place to present them to an appreciative audience!

From the detail that follows, you'll get an idea of the content of some of those letters...they made a lasting impression on me and were read and re-read many times. The level of detail meant that some of the letters were very long....not unlike this story, in fact.

In an early letter, Kim described to me how she had discovered that having a full bladder gave her sexual pleasure. One day, whilst on a caravanning holiday, she had been out walking in the countryside with her parents. I'm not sure what year that was... they had been to a pub for lunch and being a fairly warm day, she had had several drinks. Although she had visited the Ladies for a pee before continuing the walk, it wasn't long before she felt the need to pee again.

At one point, they stopped to admire the view: Kim said that by now her bladder was very full. Whilst standing looking at the view, she was tensing her muscles (thigh and pelvic floor, I suppose) when she became aware that she was becoming sexually aroused.

Leaning over the drystone wall, she surreptitiously rubbed herself against it: when this was coupled with tensing her muscles, she was rewarded with an extremely intense and pleasurable sensation that she described as "going up my thighs to my pussy". Realising that she was likely to have an orgasm if she continued, she sensibly decided to stop, as she thought that if she came whilst having a full bladder she might not be able to hold on, and wet herself. How right she was!

Kim hung back as her parents walked on: they weren't surprised when she announced she was going to find somewhere secluded to pee, as this was routine practice for long walks in the country, after all. The available cover was fairly limited....I have been to the same place since (a popular UK tourist location) and can confirm this! Eventually she found a quiet spot behind another wall: she slipped her shorts and knickers down to her knees but rather than squatting down to pee, decided to sit down with her back against the wall, not only because the grass was dry but because she wanted to masturbate and enjoy the sensations she was feeling.

Kim raised her knees and started to gently rub herself between her legs; although she had been masturbating regularly for over three years she knew straight away that this was different because of the intense feelings and because, as her fingers went to her pussy, she found herself wetter than she had ever remembered before. Kim only had to rub herself for a few seconds before she was virtually overcome by an orgasm so intense that she almost fell on her side and had to put an arm out to steady herself. She recalled that as she came it felt like "my insides were melting" and heard rather than felt her pee squirting out onto the grass even though itwas wetting her thighs.

When the orgasm had faded she realised that her bladder was still full and when she relaxed again and let it go she was amazed at the amount of urine that had been pent-up inside her.

She was concerned to find that somehow she had splashed the waistband of her shorts....fortunately not so badly that anyone noticed (or perhaps they were too polite to say!). From then on, she almost invariably masturbated with a full bladder, most often doing this whilst having a bath.

....and now back to my first weekend visit home from University. Kim had arranged with her friend Wendy (I fancied her, too) and her boyfriend Rick to go with us on an organised coach trip on the Saturday evening to a pub about 15 miles away - the pub had a skittle alley. I can scarcely recall the social part of the evening - only what came later, after getting back to Kim's house about 11.15pm. We made coffee and took it upstairs - her parents were downstairs but watching the late film or something like that: the record player took care of unwanted sounds.

We were soon petting on Kim's bed, clothes in disarray: as my fingers slipped into her pussy, Kim whispered "ooh, that's nice but I must go to the loo".

Me: "The letter where you wrote about finding out for the first time. It made me really randy reading it!"

Kim: "Oh, good. It was meant to....it made me randy as well, 'cos I deliberately made sure I was bursting for a wee when I wrote it".

Me: "Did you make yourself come?"

Kim "Didn't have to - I got so randy that I came when I was tensing my muscles, I wet my knickers by accident! And if I don't go soon, it's going to happen again".

Me: "Let me see then" (I had my fingers in her pussy)....

Kim: "Let's go to the bathroom....but quietly".

Rearranging clothes temporarily, we tiptoed across the landing: in the bathroom, Kim lifted her dress and pulled her knickers right down to her ankles and sat on the loo. She spread her knees wide apart and I knelt between them: in seconds her hot pee was squirting over my busy fingers, although she didn't actually come. Undiscovered, we made our way back to her bedroom.

Back in the bedroom, the petting started again and to my delight Kim slipped her knickers right off: this was it. She spread her legs and I climbed on top. We had no difficulty - although she was very tight - and a few seconds of humping in the missionary position soon had my come spurting into her; fortunately she was on the Pill (see earlier story). As I rolled off, Kim's fingers took over and I could see the flush spreading over her face as she approached orgasm, stifling her groans. Somehow, after such incredibly intimate wet play on previous occasions, actually having intercourse for the first time wasn't that big a deal....well, not for me, anyway, though I had the ten-foot-tall feeling which I guess is fairly typical!

By now it was about 1 a.m. and we could hear Kim's parents getting ready to go to bed, so I slipped downstairs and out of the door while they were in the kitchen. I can still remember an incredible sense of elation as I pedalled my bike rapidly back home, the cold November air rushing past and the tyre-driven dynamo whining away....happy days indeed!

And there's more to follow....

