At The pond

11th January 2014, 05:21 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

It didn't take long for us to finish checking the fence and make our way to the pond. Almost instantly, Chastity, with her back to me, pulled the dress over her head. There she stood in the mid-afternoon sun in only her white bra and panties. She then turned facing me and again pissed through her panties, all the time grinning at me like a Cheshire cat. When she was done she turned and ran headlong into the pond. Tonya and I decided to relax under a shade tree, keeping our clothes on for the time being.

I had developed another erection while watching Chastity's antics and of course this hadn't gone unnoticed by Tonya. «My daughter is really turning you on, you pervert.» she said with a laugh. «I'm a red-blooded American male, I said. Who wouldn't be turned on by that? And besides, she's not the only one that's turning me on,» I replied in defense of myself. Tonya blushed slightly and, glancing down at her damp pants, she said. «This really is a turn-on isn't it, why do you think that is.» She asks. «I quit asking that question years ago,» I replied. «I just decided to enjoy and quit worrying about it.» Tonya said, «I knew, even when we were kids, that you liked it. For years I've got off by teasing you, and don't think I haven't noticed when you've wet your pants in front of me. You're a big tease too» She laughed again.

For years after Tonya and I were grown and married to our respective spouses, our families have spent time together. We have cookouts and go out to eat, we ride horses and camp often. We just do things that families do together. Many times I have witnessed Tonya and both her daughters in wet clothing, lots of times while swimming, but often from peeing. (Ashley, Tonya's other daughter a year younger than Chastity; therefore, can't be talked about on this form.) Many times, through the years I have masturbated to the memory of seeing Tonya in her wet clothing, and on the rare occasion just her panties and bra. I have tried to suppress and hide my reactions from her husband, who is a dear friend of mine. I don't want him to think I'm perverted and wouldn't hurt him for the world. Now, here I set with a raging hard-on caused by his wife and oldest daughter.

«So, I ask. All those times you wet your pants in front of me…it was no accident?» Thoughtfully she responded. «Maybe a time or two it was by accident, sometimes it was just convenient, but most of the time it was because I wanted to.» she replied. I love watching you try to hide your reactions» she said with a laugh. «Well, said I, you always have some pretty good reactions when I wet my pants in front of you too.» With that I turned facing Tonya and began pissing my pants once again. As I released my pee into my underwear, I rubbed myself through the wet cloth. By the time I was done I was again hard. All the time I watch Tonya's reaction. This time, for the first time, she didn't hide the fact that she was extremely excited by my exhibition.

«So, I take it Chastity likes it too. And from the show she put on today I think she's a bigger tease then you.» I said, acting about half mad. Again Tonya laughed at me. That girl has wet her pants more often than she's used the commode ever since she was little. I think I've always known she liked it but I knew for sure the first time I caught her masturbating in her wet panties. We had a long talk and, after that we both have been open about our desires. We hardly ever use the bathroom when we're together. We just go in whatever we've got on at the time.

I wondered how they hid it from her husband Mark and ask her about this. «We don't, she replied. Mark is not opposed to peeing. He has always had a thing for wet panties and doesn't care how they get wet.» «Just like me, I replied. Does Chastity pee in front of him like she did me today, I ask? » «Well, she hesitated, not that sexy, but let's put it this way, we never have a bathroom break on road trip,» she said laughingly. I don't think she would have been that blatant in front of you today if I'd not put her up to it.» I was shocked. «You put her up to it?» I said. «I knew you would love it, she replied, and I knew she would too. She's a grown woman now and I trust you. I have known you for years and I know you would never do anything to hurt her.

I was letting all this soak in, at the same time watching Chastity wadding out of the pond and walking up to us. It was hard not to notice that Chastity had developed a dark bush between her legs and it shown clearly through her wet white panties. Her nipples were clearly visible through the thin bra she had on. I was proud that Tonya trusted me but I wasn't sure I could trust myself. It's time for a swim I said. I thought it was time to turn the tables just a little. Smugly I stood up and stripped off my pants and shirt. With nothing on but a pair of pee soaked white boxer briefs encasing a major erection I proudly stood in front of the girls. Making sure both were watching, I roughly rubbed myself through my underwear, making my cock even bigger. I grinned at the girls and, with my hard-on pointing the way, walked proudly into the pond.

I wadded in just deep enough to feel the cold water lapping at my balls. I stopped and turned, facing the girls. As I watched Tonya stood and took off her pants too. Like Chastity she had on full cut white panties. Without taking her shirt off, she walked toward the edge of the pond. When she got just ankle-deep in the water she stopped, squatted and peed through her panties. With a very sexy smile she watched the reaction on my face as I watched her. I watched the pee pouring from her panties and heard the sound of it hitting the water. This was more than I could take. I squatted down in the water totally soaking my underwear then raised back up and, taking out my dick began masturbating in front of Tonya. I also noticed Chastity watching from the under the tree but I didn't care. I came just as Tonya finished peeing, shooting loads of cum into the water. After cumming I tucked my dick back into my underwear and sank down into the water floating on my back.

We spent a couple of more hours at that pond playing in the water and loafing in the sun. I learned much more about Tonya, her girls and Mark. Surprisingly, she knew more about me and Tammy than I thought she knew. Tonya and I have talked twice since then and I spent an hour texting with Chastity. I am hearing wonderful stories that I can't wait to share, but… I have to go now, so I guess that will have to wait...

