Male desperation in a taxi

22nd December 2005, 07:33 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

This account is entirely true. It happened 3 days ago after a Christmas night out with people from work. I've not really been into desperation before, but this may change now..! This is a story I guess a lot can relate to!

At last we came to the group decision to leave the pub, and tumbled out onto the cold street, full of people getting into the christmas spirit. We had the normal wait for a taxi - people making suicide dashes to try and flag one down as they sped by! I was in a group of 3 as we all lived in the same direction, but I was going to be the last out.

Finally we got one. It was a relief to get into the warm taxi as we were all freezing by now. The journey (at least for me), was going to take half an hour, so we got comfy and started chatting about the evening.

I already needed to pee a bit when we were waiting for the taxi, but I didn't want to risk missing one by going back in - and end up paying for the whole fare when I caught the next one alone! I figured that I could hold on until I got home. Silly me! The last drinks made their inevitable way into my bladder, and the pressure soon started to build, and I crossed my legs. The guy - Jon (no "h", its not a typo!) - got out first when we got to his house. He lived in a big semi with his wife and 2 kids. She was waiting at the window and gave us a wave. "Ah sweet" said Anna. "Get a bloody move on Jon" I said under my breath as Jon leant in chatting to us before going inside.

Finally with a salute, Jon went in and kissed his wife. The pressure in my bladder was now getting painful, and I squirmed about on the seat, trying to find a position that lessened the pressure. Nothing really worked, but I ended up slightly on one side with my legs stretched out.

"You don't look very comfortable" said Anna with a smile.

"Yeah. I got a bit of cramp".

I don't know whether she bought that, but I do know that the pee was desperately trying to find an escape route down my penis. I could almost feel it burning its way down as I carried on talking to Anna about the evening. I'd been doing a bit of disco dancing which everyone seemed to find hilarious. But as the minutes ticked by, and the driver seemed to be going slower and slower, my conversation got less and less. I couldn't focus on talking and trying to stop the inevitable stream!

Anna seemed to take it personally: "Am I boring you?" she asked, a bit annoyed as I sat in silence. I'd been avoiding telling her about my desperate state. She was quite straight laced and I guess it just didn't seem an appropriate thing to mention. But it had got to a critical moment.

"Anna, its not you, I'm just, well, desperate for the loo." I expected some smart-alick remark about "going before we left", but this news seemed to perk her up! "I'll have to undo my belt I think" I explained.

"Go ahead" she replied with a smile, "look, we can stop if you need to. I don't mind."

"No, I'm OK" I said. We were still 15 minutes away from her place, which might not sound much, but in the condition I was in it was a world away! I undid my belt, which improved things only slightly. I was wearing boxers, and the elastic was pressing right on my swollen bladder and the pain was getting unbearable as I squirmed. A minute later, I instinctively undid the button on my jeans, and lowered the zip slightly. Suddenly remembering Anna, I looked up to apologise, and caught her staring at my crotch! She quickly looked away, but she knew I'd seen her and went red as a beet with embarresment as she looked out of the window! I got a buzz from that.

By now I was almost squatting on the seat, bum lifted, with my fly half down. No, this was it, I had to stop.

"'Scuse me" I said weakly to the driver "do you mind stopping a moment, I'm desperate for the loo." The driver smiled. He'd had desperate people in his cab many times! "There's a path by the stream a minute away, I'll stop there" he said.

True to his word, a minute later he pulled over and the "door locked" light clicked off. Opening the door I got out and looked down the path. As it went away from me, the greenery got thicker and thicker, and I could easily have walked down and peed out of site, but Anna's obvious interest had given me a wicked idea. I stepped onto the nearest bit of grass, and in full view of Anna and the driver - and anyone else who might pass - pulled my willy out and let go. A powerful jet spurted forth and hit the grass making the blades twitch as steam rose up from them.

I looked up at Anna sitting in the cab, who again was staring at me. But this time she didn't look away - she was transfixed! Unknown to her, I could see through the open cab door, lit by a street lamp, her hand on her crotch, fingers rhythmically pressing. I must confess this was quite arousing for me! I moved my penis around as I peed, the stream sweeping about the grass like a scythe. At one point I aimed it up, and made a big arc in the air.

Finally I finished and climbed back in the cab. Anna's face was flushed and moist, and this time it was her who was silent! We arrived at her place and she got out, still seemingly in a world of her own, with barely a goodbye. She was single and I could imagine what she would be up to right now!

Eventually I arrived at my place, paid the driver - who was chuckling quietly - and went in. The thought of Anna getting turned on by my peeing had got to me, and I masturbated to my biggest orgasm for a long time, cum spurting as I stood in the shower.

I must do this again some time!

