The flea market girl who found an odd place to pee (Fiction)

17th September 2014, 09:47 AM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

1. The incident in the stock tent

"Oh!" exclaimed Penelope, she felt a small squirt of pee in her panties

. "I'm desperate

," she whispered to Jenny, "and the toilet is out of order again. Where is Mr. Pipp-Thompson?" Pipp-Thompson was responsible for the toilet ... and many other things. However, there was no time to think about getting the toilet fixed now.

The flea market was well underway, and the auction was just finished. People stood in line at the counter in the tea tent to buy tea and cakes. Penelope and Jenny stood behind the counter. They were best of friends and had been so since childhood.

"I don't know where Spencer is, he was here this morning," Jenny whispered. She glanced down at Penelope's stomach; she thought she momentarily had recognised the hissing sound of peeing pussy. "Go to the stock tent. I'll take care of the customers."

"OK," Penelope said and hurried towards the back of the tent.

Penelope lifted a flap of canvas and glanced up at the threatening, grey clouds. Fortunately, it did not rain. She ran the short distance between the tea tent and the stock tent. She shivered as she ran for it was a chilly day.

Penelope entered the stock tent. She put one leg in front of the other, squeezed her legs together and put her butt out. She pressed a hand so hard on her pussy that it almost hurt. "Oh, how I have to pee!" she groaned. Then she thought that someone might have heard her. She bit her tongue and looked around, but, fortunately, no one seemed to be there. "Thank God that no one can see or hear me," she thought.

Right in front of her were cans and packages of food that were to be served in the tea tent. Cardboard boxes of various sizes were scattered around in other places.

Where could she pee? Can't just make a puddle of pee on the floor among the packets of tea and biscuits! Hm, she was thinking. Suddenly she heard a familiar sound.

The sound came from behind some boxes. While keeping her hand pressed on her pussy and trying to keep her legs together, she wriggled towards the boxes. She looked over the edge of the nearest box.

Oh, dear, there he was, Pipp-Thompson, he was lying on his back, snoring! Poor man, he had been working all night to get everything ready for the flea market to start! Then she thought of something Jenny had told her about him.

It was he who had gotten a taste of Jenny's pee. Jenny had peed in a bucket in the shop where she was working; Pipp-Thompson had seen it, and she had poured her pee all over him! Penelope got an idea.

Could she do something similar: pee on him and let the pee soak into his clothes? That way no pee would run onto the floor. Moreover, that would serve him right since he was the one responsible for the toilet! No, this was no right way of thinking because Pipp-Thompson was known to be such a kind person here in the village. Then she came to think of a time long ago when he had seen her pee behind some bushes, and then he had smiled so nicely at her. Could it be that he would like her pee as well as he had liked Jenny's pee? However, now there was no more time to think ... she had to go!

"Oh, silly me!" she thought, surprised when her legs suddenly started moving ... they steered mechanically towards Pipp-Thompson. It seemed as if her body had taken the decision for her.

As she walked, she lifted her skirt, grabbed the lower edges of her panties and pulled the panties down to the top of her thighs.

Arriving at Pipp-Thompson, she stepped over him and lowered her butt so that her pussy was hovering just above his stomach. She pushed her panties further along her legs and left them hanging over her knees just above Pipp-Thompson's face. In the process, the crotch of her knickers was stretched out between her legs. There was a long, wet strip of pee in it.

She glanced at Pipp-Thompson's face. He was still breathing heavily. The sound of his steady breathing had a soothing effect on her.

Then Penelope quickly curled her skirt and fastened it onto her stomach by pushing it under the waistband of her dress. While she did this, she was looking down at her skirt and, being a little inattentive, she happened to lower her knees a bit. Suddenly she noticed a movement ... Pipp-Thompson was moving!

She looked towards his face. Oh, the crotch of her knickers was plastered all over his face! Quickly she raised her knees so that her panties no longer covered his face. Then she saw that his eyes were still closed.

Pipp-Thompson sighed, stuck his tongue out and licked his lips. Then he closed his mouth and remained silent.

Penelope sat stock-still holding her breath and staring at his face. After a few seconds, he started breathing heavily. He smiled; he was probably deep in dreamland now. Penelope breathed a sigh of relief.

Quickly but cautiously, she put her hands down between her legs and opened the buckle of Pipp-Thompson's belt. She pulled out his shirt from under the waistband of his trousers and lifted the shirt tails past her pussy up to her stomach so that pee from her pussy would squirt under his shirt. With both hands, she squeezed the shirt tails against her stomach. She was ready to pee now ... finally, the time had come to stop holding back the pee in her pussy!

She closed her eyes, sighed, and let go. After a few seconds, her pussy produced a brief pee squirt. She opened her eyes and lifted Pipp-Thompson's shirt to see the result.

There was a small puddle of pee in his navel. A little pee was running down the side of his stomach. There was nothing to do with that ... no turning back now! Pipp-Thompson had not noticed anything. He was sound asleep and had begun to snore again.

A spraying sound was heard when another brief but this time powerful jet of pee squirted out of her pussy. Some pee penetrated the breast part of his shirt. She got an idea.

She thought, "Maybe I can make my pee reach as far as his open collar? My pee stream is thin and strong enough, and it points forwards!"

She pulled the front shirt tails gently so that the shirt was lifted from his body all the way from the stomach, over the chest, and to the collar. If she could just get the stream to pass unhindered through the gap under the shirt! She rotated her hips slightly downward to make her pussy send out the next pee stream a little lower so that the shirt would not be hit again.

She concentrated. Her tongue was sticking out of the side of her mouth. Her heart was beating heavily. She giggled. She had never been that naughty in her entire life! She sent out a strong stream of pee under his shirt.

A little pee hit his Adam's apple! "I did it, hehe!" she said. Then she buttoned her lip ... oh, hush ... must not wake Pipp-Thompson!

Pipp-Thompson dreamed he was on a mountain top. A chilly wind swept over the mountain. The smell of the air pleased him; it was like a good and familiar, almost homey, smell! Then the dream changed.

He was thrown into a situation where he rode wildly down the Amazon on a small raft. Water continually splashed over the raft and threatened to overturn it. Equipped with only one oar, he fought like a hero to stay on the raft. Suddenly the raft tipped over, and he fell into the hot, raging waters of the river.

Pipp-Thompson opened his eyes. "Oh!" said Penelope when she saw his open eyes. Then she grimaced as she made an effort to make her pussy stop peeing but to no avail. "I can't hold it back!" she exclaimed and distorted her mouth. Her eyes met his. She blushed.

The pee kept squirting all over Pipp-Thompson's chest. The sharp, hissing pee sound filled the air. Over the gaze between the two of them, Penelope's pair of panties with its wet crotch stripe hung like a piece of washing left to dry between her knees.

Pipp-Thompson was amazed. He thought, "What's going on? A peeing girl is squatting over my stomach, and her pee is running all over me!" Then he stopped observing and started thinking.

"Hm, well, not so bad, really," he thought. He continued thinking, "On the contrary, it is very pleasant to be soaked with a girl's pee, and this happening for the second time in a short period. And what a magnificent pee sound! I sure would have liked to see the point of her pussy slit where the pee is flowing out and wherefrom the pee sound is coming. It sounds like her pussy lips are vibrating in a waterfall of pee! She seemed to be doing everything she could in order to stop her peeing, but was not able to, the poor thing! Haha ... how charming! Apparently she has kept herself from peeing for as long as she could, and then for a bit longer, according to the wet strip in the crotch of her panties

. She is pretty, too! Her &#8203;&#8203;face and her long, wavy, dark hair that reaches her chest, are both pretty." Then a thought struck him, and he continued thinking, "But ... isn't it Penelope, Jenny's friend? Indeed it is! Imagine meeting her ... and in this way!"

"Don't worry about the pee. Just let it flow!" Pipp-Thompson said and laughed. Much relieved, Penelope laughed too; she let out a sparkling laugh. "The guy sure is different, but he is extremely helpful!" she thought.

Pipp-Thompson said, "How nice to meet you, Penelope! As you may know, we have a common friend in Jenny. She has talked a lot about you." Pipp-Thompson stretched out his hand, and he and Penelope shook hands. With her left hand, Penelope was still pressing Pipp-Thompson's shirt against her stomach so as to allow her hissing pee stream to continue gushing over his chest.

"I'm sorry that I awoke you, Mr. Pipp-Thompson," she said, "I was desperate

, and there was no place I could do it. It was so nice finding you here because, well, Jenny has talked a lot about you too, you see ... I hope you don't mind."

"No, by no means," Pipp-Thompson said, "I understand." He thought, "Jenny seems to have told her a thing or two about Jenny and me. Besides, the toilet is probably clogged again, and I believe that Penelope is not the type of girl to pee along with the other girls outside in the bushes."

Penelope moved a bit to change into a more comfortable position. "Just sit down and relax!" Pipp-Thompson said. "That's kind of you, Mr. Pipp-Thompson! I've had such a strenuous time squatting over you for so long," she said. "It feels like I've been peeing on you forever!" she added and giggled.

Pipp-Thompson did not respond. He was busy getting his pants out of the way in order to make room for her on his stomach. Penelope sat down. She sighed with relief. Pipp-Thompson closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of having Penelope's bare butt and bare pussy sitting heavily on his bare stomach.

"Oh, excuse me!" Penelope said suddenly; she had again unwittingly come to lower her knees so that the crotch of her knickers covered Pipp-Thompson's face. Quickly, she raised her legs to remove her panties from his face but did not succeed because Pipp-Thompson was faster. He had lifted his hands and grabbed her panties so as to keep them pressing firmly and tightly against his face.

Penelope found Pipp-Thompson's rapid reaction causing her thighs to be pressed together as she lifted her legs. Pipp-Thompson's face disappeared under her knees, and her panties appeared as two thin, white stripes across her thighs.

First, Penelope had been appalled by Pipp-Thompson's action. However, her facial expression changed into a smile when she heard him draw the pee smell in her panties deeply into his lungs. "Enjoy the aroma!" she said and laughed.

The fact that Penelope's thighs were pressed against each other caused her pussy lips to be pressed together too so that her pussy slit was now narrow. In addition, her sitting on Pipp-Thompson's stomach caused pee to stream no longer out of the bottom part of her pussy but to be forced out through the uppermost, narrow part of her pussy slit. These changes created a broad pee stream, which produced an even higher, hissing pee sound.

As she heard this, Penelope giggled because she thought that Pipp-Thompson would probably comment on the loud pee sound. And she was right because from below her knees she heard Pipp-Thompson say ... somewhat muffled because of the knickers over his face, "How good you are at peeing, Penelope!"

"Thank you, Mr. Pipp-Thompson," Penelope said. She added, "All the wrong things I do seem to be right for you!" Pipp-Thompson had to laugh, and she interpreted his laughter to mean that he consented.

"That's it," Penelope said when there was no more pee left in her. She raised a little so that she was again squatting over him, and Pipp-Thompson let go of her knickers. She used his shirt tails to wipe pee off of her pussy and butt. Then she pulled up her panties

, stood up and let her dress fall into place. Then she stepped over and away from Pipp-Thompson's body.

Pipp-Thompson observed Penelope as she was drying herself. The shirt tails did not cover the lower part of her stomach any longer such that he could see the hairy pussy of hers. He admired the black triangle.

Then Pipp-Thompson stood up as well. "By the way, I'm in the same situation myself," he said suggestively. "Oh, dear," said Penelope, she realised he needed to pee.

She thought about it. The toilet was not working, and neither Pipp-Thompson could pee on the floor here. Could she suggest that he wet her clothes like she had wetted his clothes? No, she couldn't be wet with pee because she was to serve customers.

With a practical air Penelope said, "I know what to do. What do you think about peeing down my throat?"

"No, really, I couldn't ..." Pipp-Thompson said. "Nonsense!" she said decisively, "It is the least I can do since you were so kind as to help me!"

She pulled up her skirt, sat down with her panty-clad butt on the floor right in front of the tips of Pipp-Thompson's shoes and said, "Would you be so kind as to take out your cock, Mr. Pipp-Thompson, and point it at my mouth?" He was and did.

She leaned forward towards his cock in order to avoid getting pee on her clothes, opened her mouth just in front of the head of Pipp-Thompson's cock, and waited.

Pipp-Thompson looked down at Penelope. He thought he should put his shirt into his pants and tighten his belt so that nothing of Penelope's pee should drip on her. He did but could not prevent a few drops of her pee dripping down her pretty, black hair, her forehead, and her face. Then he concentrated on peeing.

A small pee jet burst out of Pipp-Thompson's cock. A little pee hit Penelope's chin. She was worried that some pee would drip on her clothes, and she decided to put his cock into her mouth. She grabbed his cock and put its pee head in between her lips. She looked up at Pipp-Thompson ... how would he take it? "Oh," said Pipp-Thompson and closed his eyes. He did not seem to mind but appeared instead to enjoy having his penis inside her mouth.

Then she thought that she would not allow pee to squirt into her mouth. Therefore, she sucked his cock all the way into her mouth. "Oh ... Oh ... Oh," moaned Pipp-Thompson ecstatically. She used her tongue to position the penis so that its head pointed down her throat. Then she tightened her lips round the penis in order to make sure that no pee could flow out of her mouth. She gave him a pat on his thigh to signal that she was ready.

Soon pee pumped out of his cock. She swallowed as quickly as she could.

Once she got pee in her mouth. With two fingers, on over and one under his cock, she squeezed his cock to stop the flow. She swallowed the pee away, then loosened her grip on his cock, and soon pee began flowing out of his cock again.

"Done!" he said after a while.

Slowly, she let his cock slip out of her mouth. In the process, she kept her lips tightly round his cock in order to suck every drop of pee away from it. When the cock was out of her mouth, she swallowed the rest of the pee in her mouth, burped and said, "Sorryyy!" Then she got up. She smiled at him.

"Thank you, Penelope. You have been most kind," he said as he buttoned up his flies. "Oh, don't think about it, Mr. Pipp-Thompson, I'm just so happy to have been of assistance to you," said Penelope. She added, "You have done so much for the flea market, too. Without you, nothing would have happened."

"Oh, thanks yourself for your efforts," he said.

"I'll fix the toilet so that it will be in order the next time you need to pee," Pipp-Thompson said and moved towards the exit. There he turned and waved to her, and then he left the tent.

2. A meeting in the tea tent

Penelope smoothed out her clothes, combed her hair and used her handkerchief to wipe away some pee drops from her face. Next she left the stock tent and returned to Jenny behind the counter in the tea tent.

"Where were you, Penny?" Jenny said during a break in serving customers. Penelope hesitated. Should she tell her about what had happened? When they were young, they had promised to tell each other everything and had always done so, but this ... She just said, "I'm sorry, it took some time ... it was not so simple to do."

Jenny was about to say something when she happened to discover an acquaintance at the entrance of the tent. "Hello, Miss Gorgeford! Come here and get yourself a cup of tea and a few cakes!" she shouted and began to wave to capture the newly arrived person's attention. "Miss Gorgeford has been a maid and matron of the house where Spencer grew up," Jenny said to Penelope. Jenny continued as she kept waving, "She is the one who has caused him to engage himself in the flea market."

"Oh, there is Jennifer, Spencer's fiancee or girlfriend," Miss Gorgeford thought and waved back. She moved toward the counter.

Miss Gorgeford arrived at the counter and greeted Jenny. Jenny asked how she found the flea market, and Miss Gorgeford said it was excellent ... but so many people! Penelope kept her hands folded on her stomach and a nice smile on her mouth as she watched them talking.

"By the way, I just bumped into Spencer," said Miss Gorgeford. She continued, "His shirt and trousers were all wet. He said he had tightened the stay-ropes for the tents when he was ambushed by a shower."

Penelope was startled as she heard this. She put a hand over her mouth and thought, "I hope she did not mean it literally when she said bumped into." She checked by looking down Miss Gorgeford's tweed skirt. Fortunately, there seemed to be no wet spots on it.

Miss Gorgeford continued, "I sent him home to change. It is so easy to catch a cold in this kind of weather, you know."

Penelope hid a little giggle behind her hand. She thought, "That, Miss Gorgeford, is probably not a problem because of all the warm piss!"

Jenny threw a quick, inquisitive glance at Penelope before she again fixed her eyes at Miss Gorgeford. "I'm sure he's sitting comfortably in front of the fire with a blanket over his shoulders and a nice cup of tea in his hand," she said soothingly.

"Or maybe he is staggering around," Penelope thought to herself, "with his shirt hanging over his head while he's sucking my piss out of it and pulling the smell of my pee deep into his lungs, haha!"

"This is my friend Penelope. She has baked the cakes. They're yummy!" said Jenny and presented Penelope and Miss Gorgeford to each other. "It's just an old recipe," said Penelope modestly. "Mmm, they look delicious!" said Miss Gorgeford and took a couple of cakes and a cup of tea.

As Miss Gorgeford left the counter, looking for some place to sit down, she said halfway to herself, "Strange that Spencer was so wet. I did not notice that it rained so much, but, oh, well, perhaps I was too busy in the tent with all the linen and china." As she disappeared in the crowd, Penelope shouted after her, "Actually, there was a fairly heavy shower, Miss Gorgeford."

Jenny threw another wondering glance at Penelope. There had been only a few drops of rain! Penelope bit her lip to hide a smile and thought, "- And that's no lie because it was the heaviest golden pee shower I have produced in ages!"

3. A confession

When the last guest had gone, Penelope and Jenny sat down at a table and relaxed with a cup of tea and some biscuits. During a break in the conversation, Jenny became thoughtful for a moment. Then she said to Penelope, "You have a strange breath. Did you pee into your mouth back there?"

First Penelope looked horrified at Jenny. Then she put a hand over her mouth and looked away from Jenny. She thought, "Oh, my God! My mouth must stink of Pipp-Thompson's piss!"

Jenny's face broke into a knowing smile when she saw Penelope's reaction. The situation amused her. She picked up her teacup with both hands, and said as she lifted it to her mouth, "Why, because sometimes I take a sip or two of my pee myself while Spencer is watching."

"Is that really true?" Penelope said astonished, shifting her gaze back to Jenny. Since Jenny did not answer, she continued, "But you don't think that I really ... I mean that I occasionally ..." Penelope interrupted herself and bit her lip.

Jenny kept drinking from her cup of tea while she looked at Penelope over the cup's edge with a firm look. She had an expectant, foxy smile on her face.

*

Penelope struggled with herself. She did not want Jenny to think that she was even able to drink her own pee. Should she after all tell her what had happened in the stock tent? She made a decision.

She told Jenny that she had peed in Pipp-Thompson's clothes and that she had drunk his pee.

This was one of the few times Jenny was shocked. However, she had enough presence of mind to pull herself together. She began to think. Should she forgive her friend for her offence? Hm, not easy to say ... At any rate, it was good that Penny had been so open and honest about it, and, yes, Penny had always been reliable and keen on focusing on the truth ...

Jenny thought of a time when the two of them as little girls had been playing with some boys with bikes. The boys boasted that they could ride all the way to the neighbouring village, which for her was incredibly far away. The boys offered to ride there with them sitting on the rear racks of the bikes, and they said yes. However, then one of the boys added that they would do that only if the girls took off their panties and hung them over the boys' heads so that the boys could use them as space helmets.

Furthermore, he said that while the boys pedalled towards the neighbouring village, the girls should make jets of pee straight down and thus rocket them to the moon. She immediately caught fire with the idea, and without further ado she pulled her skirt up, grabbed her knickers and was about to pull them down when Penny raised a finger and said, "Hey, just a sec!" Penny went on to tell the boy that what he had suggested was possible only if the moon was right above the village, and it wasn't at the time. Penny impressed her very much with this reasoning. The boy then said that they could at least try, but Penny said it was no use, and she was right again.

"It was just one of those things that happen," Penelope continued, embarrassed by the tense situation that Jenny's silence had created, "And he had helped me to pee, so I had to help him to pee, right? I could not just send him out into the bushes ... what would he think? And what would other people think? I can't even begin to imagine Mr. Pipp-Thompson standing out there in the bushes among all those tom, dick and harries swinging their pee streams up and down and from side to side while they are peeping between the branches towards the girls who are there on the same mission!"

Jenny had to laugh. "Oh, well," she said and shrugged, "welcome to the pee club, or maybe we should call it the Camel Club and start drinking each other's pee so that we hardly need to drink water!"

"Oh, thank you!" Penelope said relievedly and grabbed both of Jenny's hands, "You are so understanding, Jenny!"

Later, Penelope had to pee again and went to the toilet. She sat down and started peeing. She separated her legs and looked down at her pee stream. It was coloured green because of all the pee she had drunk from Pipp-Thompson. Suddenly she realised: the toilet was in order! So Pipp-Thompson had kept his word. He had not gone home at the point in time that Miss Gorgeford had suggested. She closed her legs and directed a thoughtful look forward while the pee stream kept hissing out of her. He was probably home now; perhaps he had changed and was busy washing his clothes ...

