Mary's Diary - 3 - Saturday's Crazy Morning

10th April 2010, 07:52 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Dear diary, today's been completely crazy! But let me begin by this morning...

Like every Saturday morning I had gone for my jogging. I felt like I had put on a bit of weight of late, so I decided to make it a little longer by making the whole grand tour of the lake instead of just longing it on this side. Of course I brought a bit more water than usual. Well, I can tell you I had slightly miscaculated. It took much longer than I thought, and I came home later than I had planned and had to hurry off since mum wanted to go visit some model houses to get ideas for refurbishing the living room a bit and had promised to treat us to a cinema plus shopping streak afterward if we helped her pick ideas out.

As soon as I got home, mum told me to hurry as Amy was due to arrive in less than ten minutes and she wanted to hit the road immediately afterward. I rushed upstairs to this very bedroom to shed my sweaty clothes and take a good shower. I was feeling quite desperate at the time with this water I drank and the neighbourhood not really being a suitable place for a girl in need to relieve herself. Well, it turned out I was even more desperate I thought and as soon as I got out of my running shorts and panties

I just let a little spurt out!

I could see a few droplets on my leg and a little patch on the carpet at the feet of the bed. You know how I love carpets, even though it can be a bit messy, well I decided to indulge myself this time. I mean I usually do it at night because it's creepy traipsing in the dark, but since I had already left a little mark... So I just squatted, stark naked, in the middle of the bedroom. I let myself fall on my knees, then sat on my calves, legs apart, and I leaned backward a bit, just so I could see my little clitty between my tits, then I let go.

Of course it was not much at first, I just dribbled for a couple of seconds, but I could feel it coming, slow but instoppable. I felt the onslaught of my pee as it escaped me. My lil' flaps were just pushed open by the sheer strength of it! I don't know if I am wicked or not, I know I am certainly not the only girl who enjoys a good pee after holding a bit, but the sight of my pee hitting the carpet got me all hot and bothered. It just felt sooo gooood! I just let my head back, half-closing my eyes, and let out a little moan. I was really gushing at that point you know, my spray was hitting the carpet a feet ahead of me at least. Finally, as it slowed, I looked back as it made its way toward me. Then I stood up and shook my bum a little to let the droplets go. I had a bit on my tighs and calves but since I was about to shower I did not thought much about it.

*****

I just got out of the bedroom and let myself in the hallway to get to the bathroom... and I fell face to face with Mrs Catto! I don't mind being naked with mum or Jenny around, we do it all the time. And I have been naked with some of mum's friends and some of my friends too, when we sunbath in the garden, but it felt really weird standing naked in front of the cleaning woman. I mean I don't trust her, she's the one dealing with our little patches after all and as far as I know she never let it on to anyone. She had seen me in my underwears or my bikinis before but it's not the same really. I had one my all-body flush there and then and I really could not think straight you know. I think she realized it too, and she just said hello and smiled... she passed me and I was a little relieved, and then I realized she was going to my bedroom and I turned real fast on my heels to stop her!

She had already opened the door unfortunately, and that huge puddle I had left was their in all its glory. I felt mortified. I mean I know she's the one cleaning up and I leave puddles regularly in the night but I am not here when she deals with it so it's kind of impersonate you see. And also the puddle's not glistenning when she sets about it! And you know what ? She just laughed it off! "My, my&quot", she said in that hispanic accent of her "did you have an accident or is Jenny's contagious ?" When I think back on it, her eyes were sparkling a bit. I really think she found it funny but as you know I really didn't. I swear I blushed even more and I just ran to the bathroom to take my shower.

When I left the bathroom I kept a towel around me, so that I would not be naked in case I ran into Mrs Catto again. I got here and fortunately she had left, though I saw she had taken the time to give the carpet a shampoo. She's really great about it too, I think if she was not so thorough we would never be able to get away with it. I am sure the smell would get pretty horrid short. But with Mrs Catto coming six mornings out of seven to clean up and mum having us put wet towels on the patches till she does, the odor has never taken root. Though sometimes on Monday morning it does smell a bit.

Anyway I quickly doned some clothes. Since were going out I chose a really cute skirt, mid-tigh so I could go without panties

. Mum always told us that when we go out it's better to wear something that makes it easy to go to the toilets, and jeans certainly don't even though Jenny prefer them, but perhaps that's because she just want to oppose mum... and also I must admit they really hug her bum real close. I also picked a tight T-shirt. No bra, I never bother since I don't have anything to put there. And at least I attract some looks with my nipples pointing through the clothing. It's not easy when going out with Mum and Jenny, and even more difficult when Amy joins us! I'm sure Amy could have been a model, she's just plain stunning, and she just loves playing boys, as she calls it.

I quickly let myself in the bathroom to put some makeup. Not much. None of us four would have much. Just some blush on my cheeks to get some color, eye-liner to really make my eyes stand out, and a hint of gloss on my lips to make them look wet. I also brushed my hairs quickly, letting them fall on my back and pocketed a few elastics in case I felt like making a ponytail. I doned one hair-slide on each side to keep my hairs for getting into my face. Jenny always tease me that only little girls wear them but I don't like having my hairs it my face and I don't want to keep putting them behind my ears.

*****

I exited the bathroom quietly, I am always quiet, especially since I am usually barefoot at home, and I was going toward the stairs when I heard what I thought was a muffled moan. It gave me pause and I stopped in the hallway. I heard another, coming from mum's room, even though I could hear mum rummage downstairs. Then suddenly it hit me that Mrs Catto was probably still upstairs and my heart took to beat like crazy.

It's not the first time I have caught Mrs Catto during her antics. I think that's perhaps the reason she took the job in the first place, and sometimes, when returning early in the morning because of an absent teacher or anything, I had caught her red-handed, so to speak. The first time, a few years ago, I think my maths or perhaps my history teacher was absent so I returned home at about 10am instead of lingering at school. As I said I am always quiet, so I let myself in the house. I thought I would be by myself, with mum at work and Jenny at school, so I did not call out when I entered.

I just slipped my shoes off, put down my bag in the entrance since I had to go back to school for the afternoon, and walked toward the living room. And there I spotted Mrs Catto, she was in her mid-forties back then. She had her back to me, her skirt was at waist level as she was squatting in the middle of the living room... peeing like a race horse! I just stood there, watching her. I had some women peeing already, my friends and I school certainly were not shy in the changing room, but I had never seen such a gusher. It was really loud and messy, spraying everywhere. When it ended she just stood up casually and let her skirt fall and I backed up quietly. Then I slammed the entrance door and called loudly if anyone was home and I don't think she ever know I had witnessed her as when I got into the living room again she had the mop out and just smiled at me.

It was a secret thrill to catch her in the act for me. I mean she had to be somewhat special herself for putting up with the lot of us, but she was the cleaning woman... and she was of hispanic ascent too and she had a really dark and wiry bush down there! I don't like hairs much down there, mum has always shaved, only letting a little tuft, very closely trimmed, to mark her as a woman and not a little girl as she said, and she taught Jenny and I how to keep ourselves tidy as soon as we needed it. Therefore seeing a woman completely unkept was a little treat. Not that I am into women or anything, it's just... exotic!

I padded to the door of mum's bedroom and put my ear to the door. I could definitely hear some noise but I didn't know if it was over or not. With my blood pounding to my ears I slowly played the handle to open the door just a crack. I peered into the bedroom and I first I could only see a small part of it so I had to open it a little more. I kept telling to myself that it was okay I could just pretend that I was looking for something, but who would open a door ever so slowly when actually intending to get it open ? I noticed a dark shape on the floor, and soon recognized her long skirt in a heap. My mouth dried instantly, but I suddenly felt I was getting very moist down there. And finally the bed came into view thanks to the wall high mirrors on the closet doors.

Mrs Catto was sitting in the middle of the bed, with her back to the door and her feet toward the head of the bed. She had her legs opened wide and was leaning backward supported by her left arm. Her blouse was opened and her bra a bit down, I could see her breasts sticking out and my breath caught in my throat. I had never seen so much of her before. And I had certainly not caught her in such an embarrassing position either. My eys darted down, looking for a right hand, caught between her legs. Given its fast move there was little doubt about her occupation. She was furiously frigging herself on my mum's bed! I felt a bit of wetness on my left tigh but I could not keep my eyes off the spectacle before me.

She was trying to keep her mouth shut, but even so it was evident she was closing orgasm. Her hand was a blur and I could hear the wet slaps and guessed she was doing her clit real good. Her breathing was increasing and she was moving her bum back and forth on the sheets, her head finally leaning backward. Finally her whole body tensed and I knew the orgasm had hit her. She let a much louder moan out, her hand still stroking for all she was worth. And she squirted. I had heard about it, but nothing could prepare me to the side. A thick jet of clear liquid erupted from between her legs and splattered on the pillows. A second jet followed and struck the bed headset at about mid high, then slowly dripping and smearing the headset as it got down. A third jet followed, much shorter, I only caught a glimpse of it above her leg. And she collapsed backward, breathing loudly.

My mind was still reeling with what I had just witnessed. I could not even think of getting away even though the show had ended. Or so I thought. I suddenly hear a hiss and as I stared in the mirror, I saw Mrs Catto pull on her mound with her right hand and a thick spurt of yellowish liquid erupted from her bush like a fountain and then fell down between her legs. Another spurt followed, a little stronger, then another and another, slowly progressing toward the pillows. I could hear a groan and she must have pushed for suddenly it became massive. She pulled more on her mound and it went higher, falling shorter at about her knee. A golden foutain. She played with it a bit, moving it back and forth and right and left with her hand and I stared transfixed. Finally she brought both her hands to her nipples and pinched them hard and I saw her body tensed once more as the flow subsided. She had just soaked mum's sheets under my very eyes and she was getting off of it!

Coming to my senses, I slowly closed the door so as not to make any noise that would give me away now. I was not sure how I could ever face again after that. I realised my right hand was a bit wet and that I must have touched myself during the show. And then I heard a soft patter. Whirling on my heels I was Jenny, her back to the wall, some faded jeans at her knees. The wall was dripping and I realised she had once again been naughty and taken advantage of her backward stream to make it quiet... even though mum had make it clear that walls without tiles were off-limits because it could leave stains. She grinned broadly at me and I was a bit too self-conscious to tell her anything. She just stood up, shake her bum a bit, then wriggled to get back into the jeans.

She told me mum must have had an accident

