The Fall Deluge

28th October 2016, 01:13 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This story contains themes of accidents

(adult female incontinence), intentional wetting and masturbation. If you are into that, please read on...

The Fall Deluge

###

It was an early fall evening. The smell of leaf smoke and the haze filled the air. There was a damp leaf smell that was held up by a very warm breeze that didn't seem to stop. It was pleasant and it was nostalgic for summer. The sun was not quite down, but just close to being tucked in for the night.

I had left my apartment and decided to take a long walk to enjoy that last bit of warmth as I didn't know if I would get another chance. I was in sweatshirt and yoga leggings and I felt warm and sweaty even before I got a good pace going.

Throughout the day I had felt like I had to go a lot. I drink a lot of tea during the day and it was my day off. I have mild overactive bladder but it has largely been under control. Since I was young, I always had a fascination with 'pee' and 'potty' and 'wetting my pants.' I never had great control as a kid or even as an adult but the past few years I found myself getting caught short more often to the point where I needed to purchase bladder control pads. But it had not affected my life horribly and I would sometimes use my 'condition' as an opportunity to wet myself while at home and enjoy what it feels like to be wet in my own pee. Usually, I would get adequate warning that I had to go urgently and I could get to a bathroom. It was very, very rare I would have a real accident.

I usually walk on the short loop in my favorite park, but since it was so nice outside, I took the long loop. Nothing crossed my mind about 'having to go' or anything of the sort. I was just on cloud nine that I was getting hot and sweaty in October under a beautiful evening!

I crossed paths with lots of people on the paved trail- all enjoying their warm evening just like me. The trail is lined with street lights and it is quite bright. I crossed into an area of hills and my walking became more vigorous. My heart raced. I found myself further than I have ever gone before on that trail. I soon started to think about having to go pee, but I did not see any signs for bathrooms or a porta potty. I started to imagine the scenario of having to go pee really bad and I started to actually fear that I could have an accident. I was not wearing protection, just panties under my pants and having an accident with so many people around would be horrible.

I don't know if it was because I was exerting myself but I suddenly felt my bladder was completely full. At least that is what it felt like. I don't know if it was...but I found myself having to go pee like it was urgent. The urges started as a dull pressure and started to turn more sinister as I walked. It was like a warm and cold and sharp 'gotta pee' feeling that was so intense that I was starting to leak a little into my pants. I could not believe it was really happening. I started to contemplate turning around but where would I go? I was praying for nightfall but it seemed the sun was telling me 'not so fast...I'm still here. As if it were smirking at me. "

My heart was racing so fast I almost felt dizzy. The realization that I was going to have an accident was real and I was trying to figure out where I could have it without being seen. I even thought about peeing on purpose in spurts to ease the pressure, but I have tried that before and it actually 'opens the valve' and I cannot stop peeing. That would not work. I started to just accept that it will happen and I was almost ready to give up and just let it happen right there, but there were so many people, young and old, couples, all walking in my direction in front and from the back. I had no way to cover my thighs, front or butt. If it was going to happen it would be seen.

I stopped in my tracks and I could not walk anymore. The urges were almost cutting a knife through my bladder as if it were a monster trying to escape. I continued to leak as I was desperately trying to hold it. Within seconds I froze and I felt like all the holding was not working anymore and then the 'gotta pee' feeling started to go numb. It was a very different feeling than the usual urge accidents

I have had in the past. It was so weird- I felt the pressure but no urge and I started to feel a warmth of pee soaking my panties and pants and I looked down and it was pouring onto the ground. I even started to smell my pee as it was coming out. It was strong and obvious to me. I felt a terror and a euphoria, almost a 'high' as my muscles stopped working and the spasms became involuntary. I just stood there as I peed my pants.

I could hear a women say softly, "is she peeing her pants?" Another nearby said, "I don't know, that's what it looks like.." I thought I heard a boy laughing. I immediately started to walk off the trail into a subdivision and trees. I was still peeing and I finally felt like I could suddenly gain control even though I felt the urges again.

Now the realization set in. I had an accident in public and what scared me was how fast it came on and how I had almost no warning. I never thought it could really happen, but it did. But something turned in my head that started to make me calm. I thought back to all the times I felt pleasure from wetting myself and I immediately felt myself get wet, but in the way that makes me feel warm and wanting to touch myself. I felt a swell in my pussy that made me think of wanting to have an orgasm as soon as I could get an opportunity to play. I honestly felt myself getting so turned on from the fact I lost control that I could not wait to get home and pee more and have play time. I hadn't done it in so long- that sudden wetting and playing.

As I got back on the road back to my apartment, the urges started again. But this time, rather than fight it, I just relaxed and I let it push on its own. My pants were completely soaked and I didn't care. I wanted to keep peeing and peeing and just be nasty and wet and not care. This train of thought made me almost dizzy. My heart was pounding. My panties were wet and my vagina felt like it was gushing inside.

I walked up my stairs to my apartment and I thought I saw someone staring but I didn't care. I got in the door and opened a bottle of wine. Alcohol always numbs the urges but also makes me more incontinent, and I felt like I wanted to experience it longer. I didn't have to work the next day and I started to drink. I stayed in my clothes, sat down on my old office chair, and I decided to log on and try to chat with someone about it. The pee chat wasn't active so I just went into a different room and walked around until I lost control of my bladder again. The spasms were so intense and would not stop for almost a minute. It seemed like I could not stop peeing. I smelled a strong urine smell filling the room. I pulled down my pants and panties and I started to rub my pussy. I came within seconds. I was still leaking after I orgasmed.

I let the night progress until the spasms started to subside. I put on a thick pair of sweats and sat on a towel and I wet 4-5 more times before I was able to go to bed. The next day was very touch and go with my bladder but I was careful and it eventually returned to normal. It started a new phase of my pee life.

- Jessica

