Roommates Part 9: Good Morning

25th April 2013, 04:13 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Starla reluctantly opened her eyes to sunlight peeking through her window. She groaned, rolled over and pulled the covers over her head. As she did this, she felt the familiar cold wetness of soaked sheets. She also peered into the sleeping face of her roommate, Denise.

"Hey," Starla said. Denise opened her eyes and smiled.

"Hey."

"We're all wet," Starla said, giggling. "I think that's my fault, sorry."

"No, I helped a bit." Denise grinned to show her pride.

"You did? Wow. In your sleep, or...?"

"No. I woke up and you had already soaked the bed, so I just..." Denise paused, and it was on the tip of her tongue to tell Starla about her carpet wetting

. "I just figured what the hell."

Denise shivered a little and squirmed in the cooling wetness. She didn't want to get out of bed, but the cold sheets were getting uncomfortable and the sun was getting brighter. "I guess we should get up," she sighed.

"Okay, hang on," Starla said, as she rolled over on her back and removed the covers. "I'm gonna... Ahhhhh." Immediately, her panties darkened as she released her bladder. It hissed out of her loudly and warmed the sheets and mattress at her crotch. Denise watched as Starla pulled the crotch of her panties aside and continued to pee full force into the mattress, spraying her thighs with glistening urine and darkening the puddle between her legs. "Mmm, that's nice. Ohhh."

Unable to control herself any longer, Denise reached over and touched Starla's vagina, feeling the warm splashes of pee on her fingers as she stroked Starla's clitoris. Starla gasped and she reached over and pulled Denise over her. "You... you have no idea... how great... this feels..." Denise stopped stroking for a moment and reached down to remove her own panties

.

"Show me," she said, and with a sigh she began to pee onto Starla's legs. Starla reached up and began to stroke Denise's vagina as she continued to pee. Denise returned to touching Starla's clitoris as she felt her own warm pee tickling her crotch while Starla touched her. "Oh my god," she moaned as she sprayed her friend's fingers while she stroked and felt delicate splashes against her legs and the mattress. "Ohhh... mmm."

As their pee subsided, both girls began to stroke more furiously. Their pants became gasps as the relished in the warm wetness and the sensation of their hands on each other. Finally, they climaxed together, screaming out and then relaxing in an exhausted heap in each other's arms. Still laying on top of Starla, Denise felt another small urge to pee and did not ignore it as she relaxed and soaked her legs and Starla's legs.

"This is going to be a good day," Starla said.

