Getting wet getting the mail!

2nd March 2010, 12:12 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

I was working form home that day when i felt the first stirring needs to empty my bladder. i was busy and wanted to hold it till my assistant went home so i could wet myself. So i kept working and held on as long as I could. I can hold for a really really long time~! I let my assistant go at lunch time so she could post some items and have a bit of an afternoon off! Then I did a few more mails. At last I could feel I was bursting~! Really~! My panties were getting a little wet as teeny droplets escaped me, my bladder was so full again~! Had a lot of water today and I was feeling it. I made my way downstairs. At the door I kicked off my shoes and walked on the grass to the front gate to make as if I was getting post, my front fenced is covered by shrubs of yesterday today and tomorrow so at the post-box I just stood still as if reading my mail and let go~!

At first I just let a few drops go, I love doing that, letting a few drops go and tightening again, it's an amazing feeling~! Then I let a whole stream gush out before clenching again and I could feel the hot wetness inside me before it was forcing the lips open. Then there was that magical warmth as the pee soaked my panties and tights, begore it ran through streaming down my inner thighs....Ohh what a lovely warm feeling. I bit my lip to stop myself from moaning in pleasure.

Then I let some more out, each clench again causing a delicious tightening feeling and then as the streams I let go feeling the pee flood me inside, fill my panties and hose, then run down my legs, the warmth of the pee running to my feet making puddles in the grass ~oh ~! gosh it felt so good right there I had to push my fingers into my soaking self and I came quietly outside, lol then I had to let go and the rest of my bladder released in a gush that soaked my legs and feet. It felt so so good. I stood for a while, my tummy shaking from my pleasure and the release from my bladder, then walked back. Inside I whipped off my soaked skirt, panties, and hose, and washed then had to quickly put on new clothes on and dash for a meeting~! Wow it was awesome~!

