Louise's frantic trip to Bristol

5th September 2014, 05:17 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

Louise was the head of marketing for a national media company based in London, she was successful and very good looking, 28 years old, blonde hair, C cup breast size and a slim 24" waist, she was a very sought after woman. Today she had to make the 2 hour journey journey to Bristol for an important meeting which started at 10am.

She was supposed to travel to Bristol the day before with some of the other executives and stay in a pre-booked hotel, but in a last minute change of plan she had to stay in the London office and finalise some important documents for this crucial meeting and travel up in the morning.

The night before Louise had planned the journey ahead, the first thing she needed to do was go to the hotel to check in, as the bosses had all arranged a Friday night booze up in Bristol, so had booked 2 nights. She figured she'd need to leave at 6:30am to make it to Bristol on time, check into the hotel and meet up with her colleagues at the Bristol offices with time to spare before the meeting.

The sound of her alarm the next morning did not please Louise, it was 5:30am, at least 2 hours before she'd usually get up, after several snoozes lasting 10 mins each she eventually rose but panicked when she saw it was 6am, quick as a flash she got out of bed «Shit, the time» she cursed to herself.

As she lived in a flat on Kensington High Street, the kitchen was in the next room and she put the kettle on and made herself a cup of coffee. She was really tired and figured she really needed the caffeine to wake her up, whilst the kettle was boiling, she went to get herself dressed, She decided on her grey business suit with a pencil skirt ending just above the knee with a red shirt. After 15 minutes during which she also did her hair and makeup she returned to the kitchen and had to re-boil the kettle, yawning away. It was at this point she felt a slight twang in her bladder, as she was about to make her way to use the toilet for the first time, the kettle finished boiling and she decided to pour herself a cup of coffee instead, pick up the heat magazine that was on the sideboard, sit down and start drinking it and reading.

Despite being successful in her career, Louise wasn't the brightest at times, she got engrossed in the magazine having drunk the cup of coffee, suddenly she realised «Oh shit» she said out loud as she realised it was 6:40am - 10mins later than she planned to leave.

As she grabbed her bits in a rush and left the flat just before she closed the door she thought to herself «I need a wee, shall I go now or...sod it, I'll go at the services.

So, off set Louise to Bristol, the Sun was just rising, it was a perfectly clear day and was such a beautiful site. Louise hadn't had any breakfast so she decided very sophistically to stop off at a McDonalds drive through and pick up a double sausage and egg McMuffin meal and even though she was running late she figured she had to eat so she parked up the car and tucked in, she also drank the 500ml Orange juice and sped off towards the M4 to get to Bristol.

It took Louise an age to get through London's notoriously busy rush hour traffic, Red light after red light, traffic jams, the girl was getting frustrated, at this point she noticed her bladder again, she needed a wee now that's for sure. Finally after what seemed like an eternity she hit the M4 and sped off towards Bristol. The roads were quite clear, it was now 7:50am, her sat nav told her she would get to her destination at 8:40am, so 1 hour 50 minutes.

That's cool, she thought to herself, need to get off at the first services though, I need a pee. The sign came through that it was 19 miles until the next services. Her bladder was filling up fast, the morning coffee adding to last night's deposits. It was nothing serious at this point, it was a dull ache but she was easily able to control it.

By the time the services arrived Louise was becoming desperate, that dull ache was starting to pound a bit in her abdomen, it was surprising her just how quickly her need was growing. She walked into the services and made a be-line for the toilets, the anticipation of a wee seemed to make her need to go even more as she got to the ladies, she was met with a sign that broke her heart and made her do a little pee dance «CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE, SORRY FOR THE INCONVIENIENCE»

Louise cursed to herself and scanned for a potential disabled toilet she could use but noticed a line of 5 women waiting for that loo, then she looked at the mens and that was also closed «ahh I haven't got time to wait» she said to herself and despite the desperate urges of her bladder she was forced to go back to her car and get back on the road.

Straight away, she realised she should have waited in line, she was absolutely bursting now, in the space of 20 minutes she had gone from just needing to pee to Bursting. As she drove, still tired from her early morning rise, she rotated her pelvis to control the urge, every now again she would need to tense her pussy, she cursed the fact she'd chosen a pencil skirt as it was too tight and too long, certainly whilst she was driving, to reach up and hold her crotch.

That was the thought that dominated Louise's mind now, the urges were getting decidedly worse, the pangs were getting harder and more frequent, she was having to tense her vagina now, working those Pelvic floor muscles hard. She looked for a place on the hard shoulder where she could pull over and take this much needed piss but as fate would have it, just as she did a sign read «No hard shoulder for 20 miles»

Her heart sank again, she started to panic a little bit and instinctively tried to grab her herself but the skirt was to tight so she couldn't put any pressure on her crotch, her frantic little pussy had expected some help from it's owner so had relaxed, that was a bad move and a small trickle of pee escaped Louise's pee hole.

«Oh my god, Oh my god» despaired Louise out loud, as she fought her pee muscles hard to keep the floodgates closed, they protested and twitched violently for about 5 seconds but somehow Louise survived. She scouted the road signs for any sign of a service station that she craved more than anything else. Her Sat Nav told her now she'd arrive in Bristol at 9am that was still 40 minutes away.

Why, she was asking herself, did she not go to the loo before she left. She could have really kicked herself. Somehow she was managing to concentrate on the road despite her roaring bladder, she was trying everything she knew to help herself wait, to contain the pee in the bursting bladder, to hold back the pressure that was reaching danger level.

As she continued to somehow stay on the road despite 90% of her concentration being used to hold her pee, poor Louise had never wanted to go more urgently, she was in real danger of wetting her knickers. She was desperately bursting for a pee and her bladder was nearing it's limit, throbbing and pulsing inside her. She could not keep holding it for much longer, she felt like she could lose it all any second, she was going to have to pee soon. The awful thought was that she might not be able to get to a toilet soon enough: then what? She'd miss the meeting, her job could then be at risk...all these thoughts popped into Louise' mind.

20 minutes from Bristol now and Louise simply could not focus on anything other than her urgent, frantic desperate need to pee, she took her seatbelt off to relieve some pressure on her swollen abdomen but it hardly made a dent... BANG!! A major spasm rippled through Louise's body causing a spurt of pee to escape her tortured pee hole, Louise swerved across the road into the next lane on the motorway as she lost complete concentration, another hot wee jetted from her, both were short bursts lasting a second and somehow Louise clamped it off.

Louise was so desperate for a wee, she would do anything for a pee right now, but she couldn't, she couldn't pee in her work clothes in which she was going to have a very important meeting but oooooh how she wanted to, she wanted to so bad, anything that could ease the aching pressure in her bladder area would be so wonderful. A pee, a long, glorious, gushing pee would be the best thing, then less pressure on her poor, aching, bursting, bladder would be so wonderful.

Louise had been so focused on holding back her dangerously full bladder that she nearly didn't see that it was only 3 miles until the next service station, the anticipation of what could potentially be the greatest piss ever, caused another spasm and again instinct meant that Louise threw her hand down to her crotch to squeeze her tortured mound but the skirt was to tight and not enough pressure was placed on the now very tired pussy and Louise's pee hole winked and more desperate wee spurted out, another short blast which only lasted a second.

The poor girl was racked with desperation, she was in so much pain, her bladder throbbed incessantly, refusing to let the poor girl forget that it needed to be emptied, her sphincter muscles, pee hole and vagina were twitching under the strain of holding back her fluid. She reached the services and parked up losing another dribble as she did so.

As soon as she parked the car, she ripped her skirt down, not to pee but so she could for the first time press her hand hard against her pussy to help her hold. It felt almost orgasmic as it seemed to half the need to pee, she looked outside, it was very busy, she wondered if she could just pee outside her car door but it was clear she couldn't. She didn't know how she could actually get to the toilet without totally weeing herself.

Anyone walking past and peering through the window would have thought Louise was massaging her pussy and she was, it was only thing she could do to stay in control, her bladder thundered again, she was forced to bury her fingers deeper into her pussy to keep control.

Out of her car climbed Louise, now with skirt back up, boy she was ready to explode, if it was any other time, any other meeting she would have just soaked herself but this meeting could possibly decide the future of the company.

She tried to pull the waistband of her skirt from her abdomen The urge was massive now, much more than before and she knew that this was a biological warning. Her body couldn't bear it anymore she knew and she was absolutly frantic now to reach a toilet. That toilet she so craved, that she'd been dreaming off for an hour was so close.

At that moment , just when she thought the pangs, spasms and pulses that were ripping through her entire body couldn't get worse her desperation levels almost doubled and she had to fight with every ounce of strength and self control she could muster, she crossed her legs HARD, smashed her hand deep into her bursting pussy, the wave of desperation almost felt orgasmic, but somehow she held on. She hardly dared to even breathe as the wave tried to overcome her, but eventually it subsided just enough for her to hobble to the loos.

Poor Louise couldn't go any longer than 4 seconds without a huge waves of desperate surges from her excruitiating full bladder tearing through her entire body, how she was holding on only she would know. She would have to stop and cross her legs holding her crotch, forcing her hand under her skirt into the damp fabric of the pee stained panties. Her bladder bulged making her look 6 months pregnant, her already spurted into purple damp panties clung to her womanhood. Her pussy lips, sphincter muscles and pee hole were twitching like mad to somehow keep her desperate pent up urine from escaping her pulsing throbbing bladder. One lack of concentration and it was game over.

Anyone who seen her would know exactly what poor Louise's problem was, she didn't think it was possible to need the toilet so badly. Relief was yards away, once again the antipication made Louise pee some more in her purple panties, they were now showing a reasonably sized wetspot, behind that wetspot was Louise's tortured vagina. Her pee hole was exhausted, It continued to twitch and everytime it did, Louise felt like she was gonna piss all over herself.

Trying to look composed Louise headed towards the toilets, as she got nearer, she saw a line. Tears welled up in the poor girls eyes, she felt the battle was ending, there was simply no room left in her bladder. Her bladder shuddered and panged hard in her abdomen forcing another hot jet of pee out of her overworked pee hole. She stood still on the spot, daring not to move, people were looking at her strangely, she was using every ounce of concentration on keeping the floodgates shut.

Her panties were now saturated, her body wanted to let more out, her bladder was kicking and screaming inside her, throb, throb, throb, it was unrelenting for the poor girl. The loos were 10 yards away now, if that, but all she could see were women overtaking and joining the line ahead of her because she was having to walk so gingerly to hold it in.

Finally she reached the back of the queue, the line was about 5 women deep and none of them looked remotely desperate. All self respect had gone out the window for Louise now, she was in the queue, kneeding away at her frantic, bursting pussy, praying she could hold it in and not have an accident, legs firmly crossed, crouching down every now and then and pee dancing but nothing that would jolt her bladder.

Louise wanted to so so so badly go to the girl at the front and beg her to let her use the toilet, the toilet that she craved so badly, but she didn't have the confidence to ask and also she wasn't 100% confident she would be able to walk that distance in one go without totally losing it.

The line was moving at a decent pace though for Louise, who was now massaging her pussy like her life depended on it, any man walking by would have taken that to the wank bank. She had entered the toilets themselves now, they had 3 stalls but all she could hear as she entered was the sound of pee splashing into the toilets, BOOM!! Like a big punch from inside, Louise's body spasmed and panged and pulsed again, her pussy, her poor pussy, couldn't take it for 2 seconds as Louise's pent up desperate hot pee blasted out of her, dampening her panties still further, she twisted her legs and pressed so hard on her vagina that her fingers were going blue.

She was now 1 away, «just the woman in front and then it's me» she thought to herself. Whilst Louise had lost that 2 second blast, 2 young girls, about 19, had joined the queue, both were vocal about their need to pee. One of the girls approached the woman in front of Louise and asked «Can me and my friend go in before you, it's just we're desperate and we can't hold it much longer» and with that she did the customary crossed legs and crotch grab «Yes of course» agreed the woman.

Louise was too desperate now to make any noise, a tear flew down her face as the two young girls entered the same cubicle, she cursed joining the line for this cubicle. The 2 girls that had asked the woman in front of Louise if they could pee before her, were not lying about there need to pee, as soon as they were in 2 hot heavy streams immediately could be heard and the desperate moan of the girls. Louise nearly lost it right there and then, her whole body was quivering and was being totally dominated by an unbelievable desire to pee, her will power was stunning. She was 100% going to be late for the meeting now but she didn't care, the only thing on her mind was the burning desire to pee. The woman in front of Louise turned round to her «They weren't lying were they» she joked. Louise could have smashed her round the face with a baseball bat.

Out came the 2 young girls and offered thanks to the woman in front of Louise for letting them go first. Louise was next in line, bladder unrelenting continuing to rock Louise's entire body with spasms and pulses, another blast shot of her, relief so close, then another as Louise's pee hole continued to wink, her legs were double crossed and notted together, she literally couldn't press on her pee hole any harder but the pee wanted out, she tried to close the defences one more time but they'd lost the battle, hot bursting desperate wee hosed out of Louise' tortured vagina, hissing loudly, a thick stream continued relentlessly to fire out of her overworked pee hole, the unbelievable relief that Louise felt overcame all shame of pissing herself, all the other women in the toilets looked at her horrified as Louise continued peeing hard for over 1 minute, pee all down her legs, in her shoes.

When she finally stopped, poor Louise started crying uncontrollably, the emotions of holding on for so long and the relief of finally going for a piss was too much for the girl.

The back and front of her grey skirt were saturated as the pee literally blasted out in all directions, she knew she'd have to make the walk of shame through the diner, outside and then into her car. What was she going to do about the meeting? She made the emotional walk out the ladies into the diner, she could feel eyes piercing into the back of her, she was so ashamed, her abdomen ached as it had been overworked, her purple panties were now cold against her tired pussy and clung to her, she was literally dripping onto the floor as she exited the building and then ran to her car.

She made the phonecall to her bosses and told them she'd broken down and couldn't make it, the consequences of her not being there could be fatal for her job but at this minute she didn't care, she peeled off her skirt and panties, her pussy was tingling from the orgasmic relief she had just had, she couldn't help herself, she started masturbating, she was so turned on right now, she started flicking her clit, kept fingering, up down up down up down getting faster and faster as the orgasm got closer and she screamed out loud as she came, pussy juices thundering out of her vagina.

She slumped down, a very relieved girl, it didn't take long for her to fall asleep and she was gone for a good 6 hours. She woke up, looked down and was horrified that she had no panties on, she could only imagine how many people would have seen her!! She picked out her spare panties that she was going to wear tonight, slipped them on and made the journey back home, totally embarrassed and determined never to set foot anywhere near Bristol again.

