Wetting Back When It Was More Common

15th April 2009, 10:48 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

From an old magazine article:

This story appeared in a men's magazine published in the late seventies and I believe was sent into the forum section by the author.

This lady wrote:

I sometimes read some of the articles in my husband's magazines while he is out of town. I find some of the letters where other ladies wet themselves a real turn on and judging from your readers comments so do a lot of others. My interest in this was piqued by one of my college roommates.

Janice and I lived with two close friends in a house we rented near campus. On weekends we usually attended various parties and probably drank more alcohol than we should of, but really this contributed to my interest in other women 'peeing in their underwear'. I new that Janice kept a plastic sheet on her bed for what she called «my little accidents», but was more than a little surprised to see her, at least a couple of mornings, walk into the kitchen in a still wet baby doll nightie. I was fixated by the wetness surrounding her nether region and couldn't take my eyes away until she finally said, «sometimes I wet my pants».

She went on to explain that weak bladders kind of ran in her family and she'd inherited hers from her mother. She said that her mother peed her panties so often that she decided to try it herself and since it felt kind of sexy, began realizing that it could be pretty exciting, at least in the right situation. Janice said that guys would almost go crazy when they noticed the wetness in her crotch and once when she was in a swimsuit contest got so excited that she dribbled in her bikini. She said she always wondered if that was the reason she almost won.

Janice was a very pretty twenty one year old and there was little doubt that she could win any beauty contest if she wanted to. When we went out she always dressed so that she would attract attention and usually got what she wanted. Most of the time we would return to our house with dry panties, but every now and then we found ourselves getting carried away at some nightclub.

One warm summer evening we were at Stretches, not far from campus. We were standing near the bar when I happened to glance at Janice. She was standing with her legs slightly spread and holding her purse a few inches in front of her crotch. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, the little bitch was standing there merrily peeing away in pair of black jeans. A growing puddle of pee was forming around her high-heeled sandals as she casually looked into my eyes saying, «I'm sorry, but I really had to go». We spent a lot of time on the dance floor that evening while having the time of our lives. However, I had a difficult time tearing my eyes away from the drying pee stain that stretched all down the insides of Janice's legs. I'm sure a few others noticed her wet ass to. My curiosity got the best of me and I'm afraid I spurted in my panties a few times as well. I found the wetness to be extra stimulating, especially around my tingly clit.

A final straw, so to speak occurred when our Spanish class put on a fundraiser that would let us all travel to Europe. We started a car wash in the morning and because so many of the girls looked so hot we were getting more business than we could handle. We couldn't keep up. Janice was wearing an old pair of her jean short shorts that she'd quite obviously pissed in. I was watching her as she dried off the wet cars, reaching across the wind screen to dry the glass, her wet butt more than obvious. The other girls just laughed over the obvious stain in her shorts, all the while teasing her good naturedly. That in turn caused the customers to notice. As the afternoon wore on I watched Janice numerous times, reach around to the middle of her butt and pull her wet, sticky shorts loose. I loved the way she got away with putting on her little show.

Janice and I still stay in touch where we talk about some of the things we used to have fun doing. I will often bring up some of her old accidents to see if she still wets her pants. She often tells me about one of her indiscretions where she spends an evening out on the town in thoroughly peed underwear. While she's telling me about it, I'm usually going in my pants and realizing that it's no longer such a big deal to pee this way.

What do you all think? Doesn't a lady get to wet a little if she needs to.

