Wetting at Volleyball

19th September 2005, 10:45 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Wetting at Volley Ball

This article was sent in to a magazine called «Gallery» some years ago. It has always been one of my favorites because it seemed so real. Here goes….

«I am really turned on by a chick who has to go to the bathroom, especially if she is on the verge of wetting her pants. I have found that many gals hold their pee to long either because they are embarrassed to admit they need to pee, don't want to expose themselves in a public area, or distain using public rest rooms. They finally are faced with two choices: find someplace to go or wet their pants. With good observations of a gal's habits and knowledge of an area, I find it quite easy to lead a gal into these choices.

I discovered how much a gal needing to pee excites me on my first serious date in high school We had attended a football game and there were no rest rooms on the visitors' side of the field. The p.a. announcer continually reminded us of this fact, and by the time the game was over and we arrived at my date's house, it was obvious that the power of suggestion had taken its toll. As we finished kissing good night on the porch, she started to do a fast dance with her hand poised to thrust into her crotch. Trying not to notice, I went to my car and started it. As I looked back to the porch, she was standing inside the door, legs very tightly together and bent at the waist. I had an erection that almost burst my pants. As I started away, I looked back at the porch and she was gone. I never really found out, but I was so sure that she had peed in her pants that I nearly came in mine.

I dated this girl all through high school, and she often held her pee so long that only fast action prevented her from wetting her pants, which she never enjoyed. That coupled with the fact that «free love,» as we knew it then, was just catching on, meant that no matter how excited I became, we never fucked. We came mighty close one day though.

We had been to the beach and were wearing only swimsuits as we started home. Traffic was unreal, so I suggested we stop at a small park I knew of. She tried to make a lame excuse, but I easily put it aside. As we started to play Frisbee, I noticed that she was crossing her legs quite a lot. As we continued to play, it became more obvious that she really needed to pee, and I began to get an erection, which quickly became obvious. I started to make throws that would come back towards me, causing her to come closer.

Before long, she came over, stood with her legs very tightly crossed, and told me she needed to go badly. I asked if she could wait until we found a gas station or something. As she started to answer, her face flushed and she began dancing around. She plunged her hand into her crotch and announced, «I've got to pee now.» She looked helplessly about the grassy park with only a few flowerbeds, pushed against me and said, «Hold me.» As I put my arms around her, I pressed cock against her pelvis and let my leg rest against her knees. As her warm pee ran down her legs and mine, I shot my wad all over her thigh. I started to wipe her wet legs with my hand, hoping to get her stimulated, but as I ventured toward her vagina, she said she was so embarrassed she just wanted to go home. Well, I've dated quite a few other girls who have excited me by holding their pee to long, but most were embarrassed rather than stimulated, so sex rarely resulted.

Probably the most stimulating situation occurred shortly after my wife and I were married. We regularly joined other couples on the Lakefront in New Orleans for beer busts. My wife was another of those gals who invariably waited too long and certainly didn't enjoy it. Since there were only a couple of rest rooms along the entire Lakefront, we all had to devise ways to keep from parading to the rest rooms as the afternoons turned to evenings. The guys quickly established a routine of wearing shorts, and when the need arose, we'd simply sit on the concrete steps of the levee, hang our cock out of a leg opening and let fly. Most of the gals didn't want to do this at first and would wait as long as they could before heading for the rest room. However, as a few of them wet their pants before getting to the restroom, they gradually began wearing shorts or snap-crotch outfits so they could discretely sit on the steps and pee.

My wife was reluctant to do this, but necessity would win out as the beer intake continued. However, she rarely went just before we left, but preferred to let her need be our signal to walk home. By the time we'd get home her shorts would have that familiar stain surrounding her crotch and I was usually very excited.

Later that summer, the Lakefront beer bust wound up a virtual orgy after dark. One of the guy's sisters was in town, and had clothed her sensuously petite body in a white cut off jumpsuit, panties that showed a little beneath the hem and nothing else. The first rounds of beer sent her off to the rest rooms with nothing happening, but the second time, she stopped long before she got there and came back with an obvious wet stain surrounding her fine pubic mound. My erection protruded down my leg from my shorts. With her outfit she had no choice except to pee in her pants if she couldn't get to the rest room.

As dusk fell, we were playing volleyball, and I began to notice that she had to pee again. As we rotated up to the net, she began to dribble pee when she moved. I again got an erection that hung out of my pants, and a couple of points later, I noticed that the yellow stain surrounding that beautiful mound was again soaked with a fresh release. Soon her dripping outfit was clinging to her and revealing every detail as she moved. I nearly came on my leg but was able to prevent it.

Later as we sat in the darkness listening to the radio, she asked me why her peeing on herself was so stimulating to me. My wife told her about our method of getting on at home after one of these days. She said we were putting her on and that I wouldn't let her pee on me. I told her I sure would, and by this time my aching cock was erect again. I lay back with my knees in the air and invited her to come on. She looked at my wife who said, «Are you going to back out?»

Finally, she started to slide down my legs and guided my throbbing cock into her leg opening and under her still damp panties. As her fine bush tickled the end of my cock, I started to come, and as I finished, she was cascading her warm pee down my cock and into my shorts. I reached up and massaged her small but wonderfully firm, round tits. She pulled off, her pants wet again, and soon everyone was feeling the urge to try it. Before long, some of the couples were madly fucking with the gal on top and the guy in a pool of pee.»

I loved this story. Has anyone experienced or heard about anything like it?

