High School Teacher Ch. 3

15th April 2013, 12:14 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

It was the morning after Ms. Gutoskis' and I's naughty escapades from the night before. There was still a bit of time until the starting bell would ring, so that meant the hallways were packed with teens chatting with their friends. Ms. Gutoskis and I were posted outside her classroom door having a general chat about what what we were going to be covering in class. It wasn't so much that we were enthralled in the conversation as we wanted to catch a glimpse of Ms. Smyth's reaction when she uncovered the state her room was in.

It wasn't long when Ms. Smyth arrived to her room to throw open the door and flick the light switch on. A few seconds had passed while Ms. Smyth made her way to the back of the room. Almost immediately we heard Ms. Smyth ring the office over the intercom in a furious rage. "Someone has vandalized my entire room" She shouted. The office replied that they'd send the principal up to check it out along with a janitor to clean up.

Upon the principal and janitor arriving, Ms. Smyth stormed from her room. The back of her skirt soaked with Ms. Gutoskis' piss from where she sat on the chair that Ms. Gutoskis had flooded. Ms. Gutoskis flashed me a quick, inconspicuous grin knowing she'd got one over on the teacher she had such harsh feelings for. With that, the starting bell had rang and it was time for class to begin. Everyone made their way to their respective classrooms to begin the day. As I took my seat, rumors were already swirling about what was taking place in the room next door.

"I heard someone vandalized her room by throwing buckets of water over her desk and files" One boy told another.

"I heard someone took a piss on her desk and chair." A girl included.

"Watch your mouth, young lady." Ms. Gutoskis warned. "We don't have time to speculate about what may or may not have taken place last night. There's a lot we have to cover today and we're going to have to focus solely on math. Understand?" She added.

We had begun our day just like any other and before we knew it class was over. The day seemed to pass by just as fast and from that point on, the vandalism was no longer a big deal. Most people including school officials chocked it up to a disgruntled student who may have been upset with a test score. Either way, Ms. Gutoskis and I kept a bit of distance between us just in case. Aside from the occasional wink Ms. Gutoskis would flash me when she'd catch me staring at her ass or tits during class, all was normal. The winks were sly and went unnoticed by the other students.

More than two weeks had passed until Ms. Gutoskis and I would have our next encounter. It was lunch hour on Friday as I made my way up to Ms. Gutoskis' room. All my fellow schoolmates were in the cafeteria chowing down on their meals and suspected nothing as I told them I was going to seek help with a school subject. It was only a bit of a white lie. In my mind, the subject I was about to seek help with was anatomy and Ms. Gutoskis was about to give me a hands on lesson.

I entered Ms. Gutoskis' room where she was perched in her chair, behind her desk. She had a half eaten salad, an empty coffee cup, as well as a half drank bottle of vitamin water in front of her. As I approached her desk she took her focus from her food and pushed it forward.

"Go ahead and eat. I was just coming to see how my favorite teacher is doing." I told her.

"Nah. I'm finished. Why don't you take a seat here? She asked pointing to a chair beside her.

I did just that. We sat and spent a few minutes chit chatting about the gossip making its way around the school. The "high profile" make ups, break ups, and who's dating who. I'm sure it's a bit odd for a student and teacher to gossip but, Ms. Gutoskis and I didn't have a normal teacher-student relationship after all. I'm sure it could also be related to her being so young, being a high school senior herself just four short years ago. It didn't take long until our conversation shifted though.

Ms. Gutoskis leaned over and whispered into my ear: "Listen, I really need to piss. I haven't went since this morning and as you can see, I've drank a large coffee and some vitamin water. You can stay or you can follow me for some fun."

She certainly didn't have to sell me on the idea of following her. What escaped me was how her hand between her thighs and her jerky movements went unnoticed by me until she announced she needed to piss. In any case, I wasn't going to over-analyze the situation and quickly agreed to follow her.

We both got up and exited the room together. As we walked out together, I got a good glimpse of today's outfit for Ms. Gutoskis. Being Friday, Ms. Gutoskis was of course wearing a pair of her infamous, light colored blue jeans. Rips and holes in various spots, her thick, tanned thighs shown through. On top was a curve hugging white, short sleeved shirt. A bright red heart surrounded by tribal markings emblazoned on the front. She didn't show a lot of skin but, her curves were on full display thanks to her skin hugging clothes. A pair of flip flops rounded out her outfit. She looked as though she were a teen headed to a concert versus a school teacher. It was her natural look though and therefor it was of course sexy. The loose spirals bounced about in her blonde infused, brunette hair as we began our trek down the hallway.

All was quiet on our journey until we went to round a corner where the hallway came to a T. Just then, the principal came around the corner nearly bowling Ms. Gutoskis over as we met at the corner. Ms. Gutoskis managed to duck out of his way just in time. Unfortunately, she couldn't dodge the impending questions he were about to unleash on us.

"Is he giving you problems, Ms. Gutoskis?" The principal questioned, referring to me.

"No. No. Of course not. He's one of my best students. I actually.. Uh.. I actually needed help getting some supplies out of my vehicle and to the classroom. He volunteered to assist me." She hastily responded.

"Need any extra hands?" The principal asked.

"No. We'll be fine. I could have even got it myself but, I wasn't feeling up to making two trips." Ms. Gutoskis reassured him.

"Ok. Well, you know where my office is if not. Keep it up, young man. We need more students in this school like you who is open to dedicating some time to helping their teacher." He said as he patted my shoulder.

I knew Ms. Gutoskis was growing more desperate by the second as we stood there although, she was doing her best to refrain from showing her desperation. With the principal ending the conversation, I knew we had to rush to Ms. Gutoskis' location. Wherever she had planned. We walked briskly up the long corridor toward where the swimming pool is located. As we drew near the end of the corridor and it became evident that no one was around we began talking a bit again as we continued walking.

"Man, I have to piss so bad. Thank goodness we're almost there!" She exclaimed.

"Almost where?" I inquired.

"The swimming area. If we're going to do this, the women's locker area will be the best place. Where else could we hide from 1100 other students and about 65 other faculty members?" She questioned.

She was right. The women's locker at the pool was always empty as most of the females at school were a bit too preppy to want to swim in a pool that has been host to who knows how many other people. Add to the fact that some of the males in the students in the various swimming classes treated the pool as though it was there to serve as a weekly bath and well, you get the picture. So there we had it.

It was still going to be risky as Mr. Martin, the swim teacher could return from his lunch in the teacher's lounge at any time. On top of that, he usually used his lunch period to check the locker rooms for any signs of vandalism since no one was permitted to use them without the swim instructor posted outside. That meant he could walk into the ladies' locker room at any moment while we were in there.

Upon reaching the pool, we entered. The pool area was always unusually hot and humid beyond what anyone could imagine. The entire section of the building that housed the pool smelled of chlorine. I'll just say that it wasn't my ideal place for sex being so hot and humid but, the chance to fuck a teacher during school hours while hundreds of your schoolmates are in the building? Yeah, I would happily make do.

"Come on." Ms. Gutoskis said, directing me into the women's locker room.

It was a totally new surrounding. I'd never been in the women's lockers. It was pretty much identical to the men's, except nicer. Four long rows of lockers with benches between them. At the back, a huge mirror that stretched the entire 50 feet or so of the wall. Chairs, dividers, and a full length tabletop stretched along with it. I'd assumed it was for the girls to fix their hair and apply make up after their swim class. It was mostly blocked from view by the lockers. To our left was the showers and to the right was a row of sinks accompanied by a few toilet stalls. I knew Ms. Gutoskis was desperate, so I started toward the stall before she did.

"Where are you going?" She questioned.

"Well, you gotta piss, don't you?" I asked, a bit confused.

"Yeah. I'm sure not pissing in the toilet. That's too bland for me." She said.

"Well, you could go in the sink." I said.

"Nope. I got a place in mind. It'll be a bit risky, though." She responded.

"The showers?" I guessed.

"Not there either. I'm thinking more like in the pool. She said, giggling.

"We can't go swimming. I have class in 45 minutes and you have to teach a class. If we both have soaked hair and we were the only two in the pool area. Well, that's going to be suspicious." I reasoned.

"I mean piss into the pool. You know, from outside of it and into it?" She laughed.

"Oh. What if Mr. Martin would walk in to find you spraying a golden arch into his pool. If I'm right there beside you, too. We'll both be in trouble." I fretted.

"Don't be such a pussy. Mr. Martin went off school property for lunch today." She informed.

"Well, I don't know about you but, I gotta piss. I'm not stalling anymore." She warned as she ripped her jeans off and folded them, throwing them onto the bench in front of her.

This time, she wore a pretty pair of scarlet red, lace, French panties. Her rather large, perfectly shaped bottom looked absolutely phenomenal in them. She left her top on as she walked out of the locker room, waving for me to follow her. I was hesitant as this was by far the most risky thing I had ever been a part of. We made our way toward the far end of the pool, my shoes and Ms. Gutoskis' sandals squeaking against the damp, auburn colored, tile floor.

"Stay right here." She said as I was positioned diagonal to the end of the diving board.

Ms. Gutoskis hurriedly made her way over to the diving board and climbed onto it. She walked to the end of it in a rather quick pace. It somehow reminded me of how a pirate would make one walk the plank. Ironically, that's what Ms. Gutoskis and I would both probably be doing were we to get caught. Upon reaching the end, she angled herself 45 degrees to directly face me and took a seat. It took her a moment to find a proper position but, she did so by spreading her legs wide and leaving her feet dangle over the edge of the board. She twisted her upper body so she could lean back and rest her weight solely on her left elbow. With her right hand, she pulled her panties to the side and used her index and middle finger to part her pussy, simultaneously. Her pussy remained unchanged save for the fact that it was now completely shaved. The beautiful bold pink color of it was even more highlighted this time by the sparkling blue pool water.

Ms. Gutoskis didn't waste no time before she established a gentle trickle that fell to the pool a mere inches in front of her pussy. She wasted no time however growing that trickle into a rather large, golden fountain. She sprayed it several feet into the air and allowed it to slap against the pool water at full force. The wonderful hiss created by her peeing pussy and the violent sound her piss slapping the pool water caused a bulge to appear in my pants immediately. As she continued, the water surrounding the area her piss was falling to began to develop a slight, but distinct golden yellow tinge. Ms. Gutoskis was right, she did have to piss!

The show continued on and on before Ms. Gutoskis relaxed her right hand and allowed her pussy to return to a more normal position while still peeing. This caused her piss to not travel so high and instead fire straight into the pool via her thick, violent, gushing stream. Her new found way of releasing her torrent into the pool caused a massive amount of bubbles. Both, from her piss and the chemicals, I suppose. Her stream finally slowed to a more normal flow, yet she showed no sign of stopping.

"Ah. I fucking needed that." She sighed seemingly in more ecstasy than the last orgasm I gave her caused.

"Can you hurry up before we get busted?" I rushed her.

"Calm down. I'm trying but I can only piss so fast." She said sarcastically.

Her stream picked up intensity again as she began to force her piss out again. A solid stream yet not quite as intense as before ensued for a good 10 seconds before coming to a halt. I thought she was done until she forced another spurt out, then another, and another, and another. Each spurt lasted a couple seconds and was so sexy it nearly sent me up the wall. Finally, one last spurt slapped the pool water and she was finished. She hastily stood up and attempted to fix her panties.

"Don't worry about your panties. Come on before you fall in the damn pool." I scolded her.

She managed to get off the diving board without incident and we made a dash for the locker room again. This time we ran straight to the back to the mirror and the table top that was positioned there. Ms. Gutoskis chuckled the entire time. We quickly, yet passionately made out while she undid my belt. She hopped up onto the tabletop while I continued to massage and caress her tits through her shirt and bra. We were nearly out of time and was only going to be able to manage about a 15 minute "quicky." She played with her damp pussy through the lacey fabric of her panties until she finally ripped them off.

"I can't take it anymore. You need to fuck me now. I haven't fucked since you banged me over two weeks ago." She pleaded.

"Me neither." I told her.

"It's going to have to be quick and good so hold on." I warned.

I allowed my pants to fall around my ankles and ripped my boxer briefs down immediately after. My cock was already as hard as rock so I wasted no time inserting it into Ms. Gutoskis' tight pussy. She let out a little whimper as I began to fuck her fast and hard. It was great that her peeing was so hot as we were both so close to climaxing as a result. A few minutes had passed while I was absolutely demolishing Ms. Gutoskis' pussy and she was hanging onto me for dear life. Her legs wrapped around mine and her arms wrapped around my underarms and clinching my shoulders. She whimpered and whined and shouted "fuck" a few times as she approached her orgasm. Her ecstasy didn't faze me a bit, I continued to drill her as hard as I could. As her orgasm was moments away she began to scream "Fuck. Fuck. Fuuuckk." to which I had to respond to by putting my hand over her mouth to muffle her.

She reach climax. She bucked, trembled, and moaned. Tears filled her eyes and I knew to cover her mouth before she screamed so loud as to alert the whole school as to what was happening. She tried to pull away but I wouldn't let her. I was still a bit away from my own climax and I wasn't stopping for her to catch her breath. Then, it happened. She let out a huge squirt. Thankfully, my cock was still stuffed in her pussy so my shirt didn't get absolutely drenched. My pants which were around my ankles were not so lucky though. She soaked them. It was like a delayed reaction when she moaned "I'm cumming." It was more like "no honey, you came." I wasn't going to let that deter me though.

I continued pumping away through her squirting. Her pussy was now contracting against my cock which felt amazing. It was literally moments before her contracting pussy sent me over the top. It was as if her pussy were just trying to squeeze the cum right out of me and it did just that. I pulled out and came all over Ms. Gutoskis' pussy and inner thighs. We continued to cling to each other still reeling from what was probably the best "quicky" either one of us would ever receive. She was still trembling when she let go of me and we quickly realized that we were both soaked with sweat. We both looked at the clock at the same time.

"Shit. Only four minutes." She exclaimed.

She jumped down from the counter top where she just received the fucking of her life and spun around to check herself out in the mirror. Aside from being soaked in sweat, some runny make up, and "sex hair", she fared pretty well. I ripped up my briefs and jeans to realize I hadn't been quite as lucky as Ms. Gutoskis. I was so soaked with her fluids, it looked as though I had pissed myself.

"I'm so sorry." Ms. Gutoskis said looking at my pants.

"That sex was totally worth it even with the fact that I now look like I pissed myself." I laughed.

"If you didn't die from the embarrassment of pissing yourself, then I won't die from looking like I pissed myself." I added.

"Good point." She chuckled.

"Speaking of which, I better take another little piss here before I put my panties on." She grinned.

She walked over to the bench by the lockers and took a seat on it. It had no backrest so she just hung her ass and pussy over the edge of it behind her and let out a small, well controlled stream onto the floor. This time her piss was almost perfectly clear and lasted only around 15 seconds. The hiss was much louder this time around though. Perhaps because her pussy was swollen from the intense sex. She finished and put her panties on without bothering to wipe. She turned around to admire her medium sized puddle on the floor which just looked like someone changed from the wet swimsuit there. It was in fact Ms. Gutoskis' signature though. Her way of saying "I was here."

We finished getting ready and thanked each other for such an awesome time and the great way to start the weekend. Ms. Gutoskis exited the locker room first then signaled to me that the coast was clear. We both rushed out of there and out into the hallway. One minute was all there was to spare. I proceeded to my next class with my wet jeans and Ms. Gutoskis would be teaching with damp panties.

Is there any better of a way to spend a lunch period in high school for a teacher or a student? I don't think so either.

