Dusty road, distant mountains and desperate wet fun~!

8th August 2010, 09:41 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Half fact and half fiction!

Sitting in the landrover I looked out over the vast dry dusty landscape. Distant mountains rose to the left of me on the horizon, so faint they looked as if they might be mirages. Directly in front of me was the dam, its dry scarred sides rising from the cool waters that were home to a family of hippos and a grumpy lone crocodile missing a front leg. They had grunted at me when I arrived, disgruntled at my disturbing them. To the right and beyond the dam and behind me was the bush I loved so much.

A warm almost-Spring breeze lifted my hair, and caused leaves to rustle and I heard the long dry grass whispering softly. I could smell the wonderful dusty smell of Africa; buffalo and hippo and other dung, dust, the promise of rains to come, and the scent of trees, of water, of life. I smiled, looking up at the sun regardless of the fact I knew it would bring out my freckles. Gosh I love this~!

I took a long deep swallow of water from my water bottle, liking the wet coolness as it trickled down my throat. I am careful to never run out of water, it is the lifeblood here. I might forget my underwear but not my water, lol~! And as the cold water hit my tummy my bladder twisted in annoyance and I grinned and rubbed my distended tummy through my khaki trousers. Damn I was pushing my bladder to the limits today~! And it felt good. As I allowed myself to enjoy the sun and the wonderful feeling of pressure from my bladder the wind blew again, blowing my open khaki shirt further open and running its breezy fingers over my breasts.

I was braless, having taken off my bra a while back for comfort and my nipples were hard and perky when I looked down. There was nobody near so I didn't care and after carefully screwing the lid back on my water bottle and stowing it, I gently cupped my full breasts and revelled in their heaviness, in the electric shock of desire that ran through me as my practised thumbs found my erect rosy nipples through the thin cotton of my vest. I let my head fall back and half slid across the bonnet of the landrover where I had been perched, as I let one hand slide down inside my trousers to feel the rounded bump of my bladder and then further to tangle in stray curls of soft red pubes while my other hand kneaded my breast.

My eyes glazed slightly as pure desire shot through me, and I felt the wetness of my cotton panties as I massaged my rounded pussy through them. A moan escaped me and a hippo retorted with an extended grunt. I laughed softly but did not stop my hands moving. Damn I was horny~! I forced myself upright and looked around. It was bright daylight, but there was nobody around. Lyson was out tracking for me, to find routes for the learners for tomorrow's field lesson, but he would be gone for - I glanced at my watch - another 2 hours and would in any case meet me at camp, not here. The students were in class with a guest speaker. So I was alone. Well, apart from the wildlife. I picked up my binoculars, scanned the area, and assured myself of my solitude and my safety. The dam was a safe place to be, erosion and grazers, especially the hippos, kept the grass golf-course standard short, and I was on a rise so could see everything around me.

Content I was alone, and safe, I unbuttoned and unzipped my trousers, slipping them off and hanging them over the steering wheel. I took off the jacket and the white vest short, but left on the thick ankle socks and trail boots. As my breasts swung free my hands reached up to caress them, loving the feel of the soft satiny flesh, the hardness of the nipples. My hands wandered down and I pushed on my distended lower belly, feeling the resistance and slight pain of my full bladder before my fingers wound down to wriggle between my curly red pubes to slide into the wetness underneath. I gasped as my fingers found my hardened round clit and the slippery hot wetness of my core. I reluctantly let go to spread a blanket on the landrover bonnet and clamber up, my back reclining against the windscreen as eager fingers resumed their place inside my wet hot wanton pussy.

I closed my eyes and let myself play, slowly at first, then harder. I felt the sheen of soft sweat break out on my skin to be cooled in the breeze, felt the hot wet desire inside me. My fingers were doing a great job of pleasing and teasing but today I wished I had my toys with me as I wanted more. Close to orgasm yet frustratingly far from reaching it, I sat up slightly and winced at the fullness of my bladder. Damn I needed to release some pressure, as I did not want to go just yet, oh hell no, an orgasm with a full full bladder is mind blowing and I needed some mind blowing release.

I scooched down to the end of the landrover, my bum on the edge, my legs lifted high, and I slid my fingers down to open my outer lips, loving that kiss of air as I did so. I tucked my pelvis in and jutted myself in the right way to ensure maximum force from my teeny little peephole, then I opened my lips as wide as I could, closed my eyes, and let myself relax. My heart was thumping, a small vein pulsing at the base of my throat, my tongue stuck out from my soft wet lips and my chest was rising and falling in anticipation. I concentrated - this needed release and control or else I would let too much go. This was precision work~!

My breasts heaved as my breath shuddered in and out and my hair flew across my face as the breeze blew again. Then I felt it come, felt those first few drops push out, warm and wet, delightful, the feeling of release, the sensations in my already engorged clit and I groaned out loud. I stopped the flow, then let it squirt again, opening my eyes to see the arc of clear pee rise from me in a small glowing stream before it hit the dust below. It sounded good and felt so friggen awesome. I stopped again, felt my bladder was under control, but was greedy and let out another spurt, letting my finger extend into the short hard stream of it, loving the wetness on my fingertips. Now I knew I had to stop or I would be unable to. I flicked a few stray drops of my curly hairs, licked my fingers clean and jumped off the bonnet, my feet landing either side of the small frothy puddle in the dust and making me smile.

I looked inside the landy, found my handbag and found my Maglite torch. Grabbing it I manoeuvred back on the bonnet and resumed my games. Once again my fingers slid easily and deeply inside my soaked crotch, slipping inside the core of me. I closed my eyes and just gave into the rising waves of passion inside me. As it neared a crescendo, I reached for my slim line torch, and rubbed my slippery musky fingers over the smooth rounded handle, then slowly slid it inside, it was narrow but long and I gasped as it slid deep inside, reaching my g-spot and almost causing me to cum hard and wet right then.

I lay back slowly sliding the handle in and out of me, gasping in pleasure each time it slid in, and feeling my orgasm getting closer, feeling the orange passion of it behind the lids of my closed eyes. As I slid it in deep again I relaxed enough to let the teeniest warmest wettest little squirts of pee to escape, feeling it drip around the handle, leaving small wet drips on my rounded bum and inner thighs. I tensed, knowing my orgasm was so so close, feeling it begin, and I moaned.

Suddenly a deep male voice said "Do you need some help?"

I yelped in surprise and shock, and my eyes flew open, my hands pulling out the torch, and my mind wincing as little drips of wetness flew through the air in an arc following the torch and my hands. Deep brown eyes in a tanned weathered face sparkled at me in amusement, and... was that desire? I felt the hot red heat of my blush flash across my face and chest, and wished the earth would swallow me up as my eyes focussed on a handsome craggy face, a wide smile and nice white even teeth beneath a well worn bush hat.

Damn!~! It was Craig, the head ranger from the private lodge that rented land from the college and helped subsidise some of the courses run there. I had half a crush on him. He was tall and rugged, and nice, and he loves the bush as much as I do. We had chatted a lot but it had never gone anywhere, and I had never tried to find out why. He was usually so busy he hardly had time for me, and I was likewise busy. And now here he was, and I was naked - well, my mind giggled, except for my boots~! Any good bush-wise person would die with their boots on~! Lol! Worse there was a puddle of pee where he stood, and even worse he had seen me using my torch as a sexual aid~! Damn~! Damn~! Damn~! I looked away as tears stung my eyes.~! So much for my reputation and standing from now on~!

A finger reached out and used my chin to make me lift my head, and my eyes met his. Mine were no doubt miserable and embarrassed. His were *****ling with laughter. "Don't hide, Kae, don't hide" he said lightly but I tried to push my head away. He was stronger and forced me to turn back. As I did his lips found mine, his hard and demanding, mine soft, surprised, yet yielding. As his tongue touched mine all the passion built inside me erupted and I made an animal sound like a kitten mewling as I kissed him back and nuzzled against him.

I felt movement and opened my eyes to see him ripping his shirt off, revealing a nicely muscled tanned chest. His shirt stuck on his wrist and I sensed the impatience in him. I broke the kiss and helped him get his shirt off throwing it into the vehicle then helping him unbuckle his khaki chinos. He too left his boots on. As his briefs came off and flew past me into the landrover, I could not help licking my lips as his hard, gorgeous erect cock sprang free. I am sure my eyes gleamed. Damn he was well built. In EVERY way, my mind giggled again!

His strong arms moved me back down to almost the same position and posture I was in when I peed earlier, and his eyes found mine. "Damn Kae, do you know how many times I have dreamt about fucking you just like this, in the bush, wildly, like animals..." his voice trailed off as he saw the surprise on my face "You never knew?" he asked incredulously as I shook my head still surprised. "How could you not know? Damn Kae you are sex personified~!" I smiled shyly which was probably ridiculous given what he had already seen me doing. "You're just... just so ... so ... professional" he said "I never knew if you could be abandoned...but damn... I wanna fuck you. Please can I fuck you - hard?" he asked and I smiled and nodded eagerly, thrilled by the touch of desperation in his voice.

He looked at my face as he moved closer, and rubbed just the head of his cock against my wetness, making me squirm and moan and slide against him. "I watched you pee..." he admitted, reddening slightly. "God, that turned me even more than watching you fuck yourself with your torch..." he said, his face full of pure heated desire, his eyes watching his cockhead slide up and down between my lips, over the hot core of me but not inside it - yet~! "By the way," he joked " Maglite might want to use you for their adverts.

It really is the torch to meet all your bush needs, huh?" and he laughed as I giggled delightedly. He paused a moment and looked at me deeply. Gosh he was so handsome~! My belly quivered as I looked at him, as I felt his hardness poke against me, almost but not quite sliding inside me. He looked nervous, cleared his throat. Then asked "Kae, when you... when you peed, I said it turned me on. I ...uh... I... can I pee against you? " The words came out in rush and he continued fast. "I promise it will be the teeniest drop, that's all... please?" he asked again in almost a whisper, and my heart constricted. I had been leaning back using my arms to prop me up now I struggled slightly to raise my arms and pull him close, so my eyes could meet his.

"Craig," I said softly, feverishly, the truth and lust in my eyes. "I would LOVE you to pee against me, as much and as hard as you want, pee inside me if you want, pee on me if you want. I LOVE it. But can I pee on you too?" I asked and my one hand had encircled his hard cock and I felt it buck in my hand as he heard what I said. He nodded dumbly, biting his lip, and I saw the lust in his eyes and the need in his face.

I leaned back again, lying flat, my legs wide and raised apart as I hooked my feet on the front grid of the landrover, my bum right at the edge of the bonnet, my pussy wet and open, my hair fanned out, gleaming red in the sun, my eyes full of want, my tongue licking my soft red lips, my large firm beasts heaving and shivering as I lay there. Without a word he pushed forward and his large hard firmness filled me as he pushed in hard, thrusting so deep my breasts shook and my breath rasped in pleasure. He thrust again, harder, deeper, and I moaned.

He fucked me hard, and I felt a soft surreal floating feeling as my orgasm overcame me. I felt myself rise up and my pussy clench and hold his cock inside me, as my body shuddered, as my thighs quivered like jelly, and my toes curled. And then I felt a flood of wetness as my cum, mixed with golden juices spurted from me. He pulled his cock out with a soft wet sucking sound and stood there, so my wet flood would fall onto his waiting cock, and he groaned in pleasure as my hot wetness flooded over his cock. His eyes were tiny pinpoints now and he was fully controlled by pure animal desire. His hand rubbed my juices over his cock as I forced myself to gain some control, so my bladder was still at least half full.

He stood there a while, rubbing himself, watching me, watching my tangled hair, my heaving breasts, and the red flush of orgasm on my skin. And then he closed his eyes and concentrated, and I felt his hot piss on my breasts. I squealed and my hands rose to rub his hot wetness over my breasts loving the warm wet feel. He stopped his flow and I looked at him beseechingly, then deliberately opened my mouth. He laughed and aimed again, and I felt his warm rain on my face, wetting my red hair, and flowing in then out my mouth, I don't really drink pee, but love the feel of it flooding in and out of my mouth, the feel of it on my body. Craig stopped again, then let out a spurt that landed on my rounded tummy and I realised just how desperate and full he had also been.

"Do you have more pee?" he asked me and I nodded and grinned. He groaned and bent down, opening my lips, finding my peehole and putting his mouth close. "Can I please taste?" he asked. How could I refuse? Besides the sight of him there like that was a major turn on and I still had at least one orgasm waiting inside. I concentrated and let a small stream flow out from me. He caught it, and swallowed, then just stuck out his tongue. I slowly stopped and he moved up to kiss me. He tasted my pee and I tasted his as we kissed, and he pushed himself against me, not caring that I was wet with his pee~! He groaned, and slid his cock which had softened when he peed, but at some stage had again hardened, inside me just a little and started fucking me hard again as we kissed hotly, wetly, our bodies tight against each other. "Pee if you can, Kae, pee while I fuck you..." he begged, and so I closed my eyes and concentrated. It was not easy, but I tried, and eventually relaxed enough to let go.

Oh god~! The feel of the hot wetness welling inside me, dammed inside by his cock even as it also escaped in smalls rivulets around the seal of his cock inside me. He groaned and pulled out releasing a flood of pee that splashed on his balls, then thrust in again making a wet squelchy sound and splattering pee into the air. He held it inside then pulled out then thrust in and I lay back and just peed, loving this feeling so much I wished it needed to never ever ever stop. As I peed I felt my orgasm build again and I felt his desperate thrust grow deeper and quicker, heard his ragged breathing, and felt his cock move inside me.

I felt myself cum again so intensely it was like I drifted outside myself, and I felt his hot seed flood inside me mingled with my pee, and I came shudderingly, as he grunted and almost screamed. As he finished thrusting and spurting his cum, I felt him shrink slightly, then his hot pee flooded inside me and I orgasmed again, a softer, sweeter release this time. He finished and collapsed against me as I lay back, body heaving. As he shrunk and slid out I felt a lovely warm wetness seep out. He lifted me up higher on the bonnet so my legs could lie flat, and hoisted himself up so he lay beside me, putting my head on his shoulder.

We lay there a long while, till our breathing returned to normal, both of us wet and sticky and not caring. As our breathing normalised he kissed me. A long sweet lingering kiss. His eyes were full of wonder and tenderness, and I guessed mine were too. I lay my head on his shoulder again, and looked out over the tips of our boots at the darkening shadows over the bush. I sighed contentedly. We would have to move soon, but not yet. Not yet. Later we would, and I would use my spare water to clean us till we could get to camp and shower. Craig smiled at me and linked his fingers through mine. I smiled. What a delightful day this had been~!

