The Apprentice Pisser The Boardroom (E2 P5) Knicker wetting

25th April 2012, 09:30 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Hello. Yes, it really is a new episode of The Apprentice Pisser.

Firstly I'd like to thank SophieRoo and WSVoyeur for persuading me to write for peesearch again.

Second: If you want to read the other parts first, go to

$t/community/...searchid=603670

Finally: I stopped writing because I didn't tink many people enjoyed the stories. So please please please, if you enjoy it leave feedback. What did you like? what would you like to happen etc etc.

This episode contains knicker wetting

****

Althought the boardoom was scheduled for the following morning it felt more like a year (or more exactly one year, one month and 2 days) since their wetting task (!) by the time Kimberley, Tammi, Angela and Michelle took their place in the boardroom.

The TV company had hired a large room in the mansion house of Lady Phillipa Gardiner for the boardroom scene and it certainly had the required air of luxury. Lady Philippa had been notified of the nature of the show and any pieces of sentimental value had been removed. For the rest, the TV company had found her surprisingly happy wth her attitude to the nature of the show and the possible activities in the boardroom. They were comprehensively insured of course but still. They weren't to know that Pippa was a secret pee fan herself and was looking forward to seeing the activities of the girls close up. As for the antiques. She'd inherited them but never felt able to sell them asit would seem disrespectful, but the truth was she'd much rather have had the money. So long as she was insured, she didn't mind what happened.

Sat in the oplulent room with its expensive leather chairs with rare and valuable paintings adorning the walls, and rare vases and sculptures on the tables the girls, however, felt very out of place

Opposite them were the 3 women who had the pleasure of deciding their fate, of deciding which one would get fired, and thus pissed on, this morning.

Although the honour of doing the peeing would go to the opposing team captain, show host and decision maker Sophie had deliberately not had a wee this morning. The feeling of a pleasantly full bladder was an ongoing reminder of what was to happen later in the day and she had excellent bladder control so she was not at any risk of humiliation. She was an attractive woman in her early twenties. She had medium length blonde hair, a pleasant open face, and 36d breasts. She was wearing a black business suit to look the part, but in keeping with the general level of the show, the suit skirt was extremely short, coming only halfway between her thigh and her knees. To her right and left were her 2 trusted advisors. Sharon, on the right and Maggie on the left.

Losing Team captain Kimberley knew she was in a vulnerable situation. 32 yrs old, the oldest contestant, she had led her team to defeat. She subconsciously tousled her long brunette hair whilst she gazed at Sophie opposite her, wondering if Sophie would see her as to blame, and also wondering if the decision would be based purely on the task or, in part, on who the judges would like to see given a good soaking.

To her right was Tammi who had been the 'weakest bladder' in the holding contest and had wet first. Was it her fault? Having just turned 18 she was the youngest contestant. She had short mousy hair and a shy personality to match. She was terrified that she might be going home so early and didn't even want to think about the forfeit that accompanied being fired.

To Kimberley's right was Angela. She was unhappy just to be in the boardroom. 4th team member Michelle would be back at the house relaxing now, and Angela felt Michelle should have been in the boardroom not her. This refllected more on Angela's personality than the facts. It was true that Angela had not wet herself, however this was because she had put herself forward for the job of distracting the opposition, and at a key time had left her distracting role to go to use the toilet at the centre of the stage.

The verbal catfighting became viscious at times as the girls fought to stay in the hunt for the big money prize. In essence Angela argued that Tammi should be fired as she had a weak bladder and had wet first, Tammi argued that Kimberley as team captain had appointed the wrong distractor meaning and should go, and Kimberley argued that Angela was a poor team player who had insisted she on the easiest job of disctractor and then done it badly, even abandoning her role for her own comfort.

Initially Sharon and Maggie were leaning towards advising the firing of Tammi, on the basis of her weak bladder. As they fired question after question about her bladder capacity at her, the young girl felt very small and out of her depth. All the talk about peeing was also making her regret having orange juice as well as coffee at breakfast. She squirmed uncomfortably in her chair and began crossing and uncrossing her legs. The seasoned pee watchers on the judging panel picked up on this, and had no mercy. Sharon twisted off the top of a bottle of coke and poured the drink slowly into her glass. "Would you like a long glass of refreshing coke Tammi?" she asked

"no thanks" the poor girl stammered.

"I could pur it out of the bottles so it gushes and cascades like a waterfall over the ice, with a wondeful hissing sound" Sharon continued

"Truly I'm fine" said Tammi

Kimberley and Angela picked up on what was going on and for a few minutes the tensions of the boardroom were forgotten as the 3 judges and the 2 other contestants worked together towards the goal of making Tammi wet her knickers. To varying degrees they loved to witness a good wetting and were like a pack ensuring that there was no escape for their victim

Maggie was saying "I know you were the first to wet but it must have been such a relief. Your bladder so full of liquid, pressing, pressing hard to try and escape"

"oh how wondeful to let it all out" continued Sophie "to feel the hot golden wee just pour out of you soaking your knickers and skirt, gushing and cascading on and on"

Kimberley leaned over and pushed on Tammi's aching bladder "and how nice to not have to worry when someone 'accidentally' brushes against your bladder, she said, pushing down hard again so no-one was in any doubt that she knew what she was doing.

Tammi knew she couldn't hold it much longer but the other 5 women in the room all seemed determined to watch her wet herself and were in no hurry to reach the firing decision that would have at least put her out of her misery.

"Sorry" she said between short gasps of breath, throwing a last plea for mercy out, as her desperation reached unsustainable limits. "can I be excused to go to the toilet" she said

"On this show" laughed Sophie "you have to be joking. If you leave this room before the decision, you are automatically fired..."

Tammi knew then that she would not get out of the room without wetting herself but she was a very smart young woman and decided that if she had to wet herself she would at least try and make the most of the situation

"Oh No," she cried, "I can't hold it anymore", this triggered Sophie, Maggie and Sharon to leave their seats and come round to stand right next to her, to get the best possible view.

As they stared at Tammi's tight blue jeans the cry came "Oh My God, its coming, I can't stop it".

Instantly the crotch area of her blue jeans began to darken as warm golden pee flooded out of her and into her knickers. The relief was amazing. Smiles lit up the faces of the other women in the room as they watched Tammi pee herself. They stared intently at the damage being done to the jeans and were impressed with the power of the wetting as the dark patch got bigger and bigger and large dark streaks began to flow down Tammi's legs.

Tammi stood up, conscious that she her pee was soaking into an very expensive antique chair.

"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry" she said looking at the pee stain covering the front of the antique chair

Whilst the judges watched in delight as the pee flooded the front of Tammi's jeans with a barely audible delightful hissing sound, Kimberley and Angela had a great view of the wetness spreading over the backside of her trousers.

"Fantastic, pissing herself in the boardroom..how cool is that " yelled Sharon

"not to mention ruining a beautiful antique chair" grinned Sophie

"and we helped ensure it happened" beamed Maggie

Tammi was no fool and she was playing this for all she was worth hoping she may be kept for entertainment value if nothing else. She actually felt great. The relief was amazing and she had arrived at a serenity of feeling whatever happened happened. If she was fired and got wee-d on, so be it. It would be over in minutes and life would go on. So she stood relishing the feeling of runing her new knickers and jeans and decided to try and play the scene for all it was worth.

She forced some tears out and began sniffling "I'm so embarrased" she said "I'm so humiliated".

"C'mon don't cry" said Sophie displaying sympathy but sensing an opportunity as always. "lets get you out of these wet jeans" and she began to undo the top button. Tammi, remarkably, was still wee-ing at this point and it had begun to drip onto the floor from out of her jeans legs, Tammi having sensibly kicked off her shoes.

Sophie tenderly peeled down the sopping wet jeans leaving Tammi in her light green t-shirt, and a pair of pink cotton knickers, which were needless to say, a lovely sodden dark pink arond her crotch and halfway up the back too, with Tammi still standing, relaxed and eyes shut, relasing the last of the pee from her bladder into her knickers . The girls all closed in to get a great look at the knickers and to witness the slight movement of Tammi's fanny muscles as she pushed out the wee.

Finally the last of her piss came trickling out of the gusset and then some seconds later the trickle became drips before finally stopping.

Now the floor had puddles of wee, the seat of her jeans was completely soaked, as were most of the legs, the antique chairs had pee stains.

"What a piss. You really needed to go" said Kimberley, examining the pee-soaked jeans. "Yeah, look at that" said Angela pointing at the blue garment, "ther're absolutely soaked through"

"We'll need to get you some new knickers too" said Maggie, and gently began to peel down the sodden pink garment. "I'll dispose of these panties

", she said, balling them in her hand so the hot wet girl pee transferred onto her hand, then placing them in her desk drawer, having no intention of disposing of this wonderful souvenir.

Tammi had allowed herself to be disrobed and she stood, naked on her bottom half, her soft light brown pubic hair matted against her skin from the wetness. The audience was loving seeing the soft, firm ivory smooth bottom, and the beautiful young pussy of this contestant and Tammi played up to this, making only the most perfunctory occasional efforts to cover herself.

Kimberley sensed the mood was changing and gave Tammi a big hug.

Finally, reluctantly, the judges stopped sneaking glances at Tammi's gorgeous naked body, and returned to their desks, though Tammi remained naked from the waist down, as Maggie's offer of clean knickers had clearly simply been an excuse to get Tammi naked.

The 3 contestants sat back down.

"We need to make a decision" said Sophie.

"its got to be Tammi" interrupted Angela "she's even wet herself here, what a loser". This elicited some boos from the audience

Kimberley was offered the chance to jump in too, but she had a sense that Tammi would be gaining some sympathy so she maintained her position that Angela should go "for letting the team down in the task, and for being so unneccesarily cruel to her teammate now" . Tammi maintained it was Kimberley as captain who should go

"We've reached a decision" said "Sophie"

***

Did you like it?

Who should be fired?

What should be the next task?

