SophieRxx1 visits The Apprentice Pisser Pt 1

30th May 2012, 01:28 PM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

It was Sharon who had suggested that SophieRxx1 might want to come and visit the Apprentice Pisser House. She assured Sophie it would be to her advantage, and having enjoyed the previous tv episodes, Sophie was more than eager to take her up on the offer.

Sophie wasn't going to advertise where she was going to her friends, but had no acces to a car and public transport went nowhere near. Luckily Sophie's friend Sarah agreed to drive her up for her 'job interview' so she had one less thing to worry about. Unlike with her small-bladdered friend Emily, SophieR had never had the pleasure of watching Sarah wet herself.

It was a beautifully hot summers day. Sophie had dressed in a pink t-shirt and knee length white skirt, with a yellow bra and thong set underneath. Sarah was attired in a red t-shirt and tight dark blue jeans.

Sophie had brought plenty of drinks in a cool bag to keep them hydrated, and the girls chatted happily away as they gulped down several half litre bottles of Sprite and Coke with gay abandon.

"I think we should pull off at the next services" Sarah announced "I need a wee and I don't want to take any chances". "Sounds a sensible idea" said Sophie but only a couple of hundre yards further on the traffic ahead began to slow suddenly before coming to a complete halt. As far as the eye could see the traffic was comletely jammed and the girls were not going anywhere in a hurry.

Sarah groaned and laughed "I hope this traffic starts moving soon. I haven't wet mysefl since i was a little girl. I'd be so embarrased"

Sophie was torn between feeling sorry for her firend, and feeling really excited about the possibility of watching her friend wet herself. She felt the nipples on her 36c boobs becoming pert and erect and subconsciously ran her hand over the front of them, through her t-shirt and bra.

"Don't worry for goodness sake" reassured Sophie "It's only a bit of pee. Emma's wet her knickers more times than I can remember, and if it happens it'll dry quick enough in this sunshine. Besides you may not be alone, I'm feeling pretty desperate myself."

Long Minutes passed and the traffic hadn't moved even one inch. It was clear there must be a major incident ahead. By now Sophie was watching with great interest as Sarah crossed and uncrossed her legs, and then as time passed futher abandoned all thoughts of being ladylike, and began pushing her hands firmly into her crotch to try and hold on.

Sophie thought to herself that there really was no bigger turn on that watching a cute girl who was really desperate holding it till the last second before finally letting her wee-wee burst into her knickers.

Sarah was squirming and moaning and by now Sophie was absolutely bursting to pee too. The two girls sat, past even the stage of pretending to talk of something else. Nothing could take their mind off their shared desperate need for relief, to just let go.

Had Sophie been on her own she may well have just wet herself. She enjoyed wetting her knicks in the right circumstances, but she didn't feel it was right to pee in her friends car, certainly not before Sarah had done it herself anyway.

"I'm really sorry" said Sarah "I don't think I can hold it any longer, and I daredn't leave the car in case the traffic starts moving again. Besides I've left it too late, if I move I know the floodgates will open"

"Dont worry Sarah" encouraged Sophie "If you've got to go, you've got to go. Don't hurt yourslef trying to hold on anymore, just relax and imagine you're on a toilet and let go"

"Are you sure you don't mind?"

"I'm sure" beamed Sophie, her eyes riveted to Sarah's crotch

Suddenly, with a moan of sheer relief and a barely audible hiss, Sarah gave up the valiant struggle and began to soak her lovely pale green knickers. Her hot piss exploded through the thin fabric and within seconds a glistening dark wet patch was covering the entire rear of her jeans.

Sophie noticed Sarah's eyes were closed, and her legs spread as wide as possible as she focussed on releasing all the hot pee from her bladder. Sophie took advantage of the closed eyes totake a good close look and watch the piss flow down from Sarah's crotch and down the legs of her jeans, some even beggining to puddle on the floor at the front of the car

Her crotch area now showed a lovely damp patch too .

Sarah gave an embarrased laugh "I told you I needed a wee-wee" she said "Wow, what a relief".

Sophie felt her panties getting very moist and she knew it wasn't pee. Sarah continued to empty her bladder and soon the legs of her jeans both front and back were more than halfway covered with wet pee.

"No point in stopping now I suppose" she laughed as more and more piss flowed from her.

Finally after over a minute Sarah finally stopped.

"I'm so sorry" she said again. "Boy do I feel better and, for the time being, it does feel lovely and warm down there"

Then, checking the sun blinds were up over the side window, she undid her seat belt and kneeled on the seat, her bum facing Sophie

"Is it bad?" she asked

Sophie gazed at the shapely bum, and the jeans with their lovely wet sheen of pee covering the whole of her rear.

"You've given them a great soaking" she said and laughed. "I imagine your knickers will be absolutely sodden too"

To be continued .

