I've a new story

24th May 2014, 06:34 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

So I wrote... this. I'm not sure it'll be up long, unless the Mods're coo' with it.

Get it while its fresh. TO THE MODS, if it isn't acceptable remove the whole posting. I understand and willingly comply if I violated anything.

Job Perks

Growing up with only her father as a role model Pauline gained an affinity for helping people. Her father Pauly was a plumber by trade and would often take her on jobs when she was not in school. She learned the finer points of customer service and the benefits of working for others, especially in the town where they lived.

Pauly had a good job, "Pauly Plumbs," he was a freelance plumber with a very faithful clientele. He made enough money to support his wife and young daughter and soon to be second on the way. However life took a bit of a turn when shortly after Nora was born, Noreen took ill and passed away. This meant that now a single father, Pauly had to take care of two daughters.

Sinks

Nora was with her grandparents, which meant Pauline could ride in the front of the van with her Daddy. They were headed to Ms. Schneller's home; she was having an issue with her hot tub. Pauline guessed it was the filter again, because it usually was... but it meant that Daddy got to get paid for a simple fix.

Pauline was off school today because it was holiday. She loved days off from school, going around with her Daddy and visiting people, fixing issues, and making them happy again. They had just finished cleaning out the filter at the Schneller's, when Pauly's pager went off, they had an emergency call! They rushed to the location and Daddy went to work, some hours later the problem was gone, and the lady of the house was overjoyed. While waiting for her to finish writing the check, Pauly asked the question Pauline had been waiting for all day.

"Excuse, do you mind if I take a bathroom break before I leave?"

"Oh, certainly! Be my guest! Its least I can do." The lady replied, gushing.

Pauline was not going to miss the chance, "Daddy, I have to go too."

"Is that okay with you Ma'am?"

"No trouble at all!"

In this town there was an unwritten allowance. No one quite knows when or where it started, but it has persisted for hundreds of years. There were speculations, but no solid story could be tied to the origin. The most common explanation was the blacksmiths. Back in the era where transportation was still horses, the blacksmiths would go out regularly and visit every home to reshoe the horses. This was an all-day task and required a tight schedule to accomplish before nightfall and the loss of light. As a result, it was not uncommon for the smithy to request bathroom breaks throughout the day. Most homes would allow them to use a chamber pot or outhouse, but since they were already working outside in the stables, most residents gave them free reign to relive themselves when and where they need.

Decades later, with electricity and other services in the home, repairmen would spend all day traveling to and fro indoors. However somewhere along the way, asking for a bathroom break gave you the option to go anywhere. Most figured it was from the affluent folk, who had maids to clean up, then the maids started doing it too, and it grew from there. Certain caveats existed though, mostly related to fixing the issue the first time and providing good service. If those were not met, it was in poor taste to inquire. Despite the invention of indoor plumbing, servicemen were still afforded this luxury into the modern day, although the client could request the use of a receptacle.

Pauly asked, "My apologies Ma'am, but where?"

"Hmm... Oh! Wherever is fine." The lady answered absent-mindedly as she continued to play with her checkbook.

"Much obliged."

They were in a formal dining room with a counter on one wall that allowed you to serve from the kitchen. Pauline slid out a chair and scrambled to stand on the seat after kicking off her shoes. Pauly slowly undid his tool belt, followed by his actual belt, button, and then zipper. He hooked his waistband with his thumb and pulled forward and down in a smooth motion reaching in with his right hand to free his member and sack. He watched as his daughter slipped her white simple panties off one leg and left them around the ankle of the other. She squatted atop the chair revealing her tiny slit as she lifted her dress. Father and daughter looked at each other directly and wordlessly counted to three.

Pauly started immediately, a thin stream finding gravity's pull to the carpet below. Pauline's was slightly more acrobatic, from her tiny hairless recess shot an arc. It went first upward, then out, before losing to weight and crashing to carpet as well. The patter and slight hiss was enough distraction to cause the women to finally look up. She smiled at Pauline, who smiled back, before they both looked to Pauly's manhood. He was an above average guy, about seven and a half inches and at least two across. He did his best to direct his stream to the same point of impact as his daughter's flow, attempting to limit the clean-up for later.

Pauline was done first, her tiny supply spent quickly, her beautiful stream slowing to a few drips on the seat. She pushed one last time and shot a small spray all the way to the counter wall before she hopped off the chair and fixed her panties. By then Pauly was done as well and milked the last few drops out followed by a quick shake. He put his shaft away and secured his pants and belts before walking to the kitchen with Pauline to wash their hands. He collected the check and the two left for the next appointment.

Pauline cherished the time with her Dad and as she grew older decided that she really enjoyed making people happy by repairing things. The only problem was she hated plumbing. It was dirty, bad smelling, disgusting, and rough work... Fortunately, she grew up in the early age of computers and as the industry grew so did her knowledge. She majored in computer science and graduated with a minor in business management. The two items she needed to start her own freelance company, "PC Pauli."

Lavatories

With her Dad retired and Nora in college, Pauline was still living at home to help make ends meet. Pauly had been forced to retire after a serious injury. He had been working in the basement of a shop owner on some overhead pipes when the support structure collapsed and buried him under a pile of wood and metal. He suffered a broken leg and serious shoulder injury that prevented him from wrenching pipes. There was a lawsuit and a settlement, so he was at least receiving an income, but despite the settlement including surgery for his arm, it was never right again.

Nora was studying to be a nurse. The accident had given her the push to go into the medical field, if for no other reason than to help her father. She had a part time job and several scholarships, but even that did not quite cover her education expenses. Pauline used her income to supplement Nora's schooling which left Pauly's settlement for day to day operations. The family was doing fine, but not as well as they could.

Pauline had just started her company and did not have very many dedicated clients yet. In fact despite all the other obligations, Nora was acting as her secretary as well. Thankfully they could afford a simple cell phone plan and write it off as a business expense.

*bzzzt* *bzzzt* *bzzzt* The cell on Pauline's hip was vibrating loudly.

"PC Pauli, how can I help?"

"Hey Sis, its Nora. You're still at the Hendersen job, right?"

"Unfortunately, yeah. This virus is stubborn..."

"Any idea when you will get it fixed?"

"Could be five minutes, could be another hour. I ran a scan and it got most of it, I am doing some manual clean-up while I run a second one."

"Alright, I have a simple one for you just around the corner; do you think you can squeeze it in?"

"I'll check to see if I can cut out and come back, give me the info and I will call you back if there is an issue."

Pauline wrote down the client's address and phone number, before she attempted to locate Mrs. Hendersen who was in the kitchen. "Sorry, do you mind if I cut out for a quick job? It will be off your clock, so it will really benefit you cost wise."

Mrs. Hendersen replied, "How long will you be?"

"Well it sounds like a hardware issue, which is usually completely dead or simple user error. I estimate twenty minutes with travel time, so I will knock off a full hour on cost. Your machine is just running a scan; it'll do its own thing until I get back."

"Alright, see you soon." Mrs. Hendersen declared.

Pauline hopped into her Dad's re-branded van and pulled out a map before leaving. After getting lost once and driving past the house twice, no exterior address, she arrived and knocked on the door. A lady answered and after some niceties, Pauline was shown to the issue. The computer was in a bedroom that clearly belonged to a teen boy. There were piles of clothes everywhere some of which strewn across a guitar and amp in one corner, next to it was a small TV with a console and VCR connected to it and a stack of games and VHS tapes. The walls had various posters of video game characters, the scantily clad females mostly, as well as some comic girls, and a horror movie poster. Near the PC were three page from old magazines taped to the wall vertically. The first was ad for the Apple IIe, the next ad was for a Commodore 64, and the last was an article about Eniac featuring a schematic of the circuit for the picture.

The issue was with connecting a printer, which meant that it was actually driver and compatibility issues. The lady left and allowed Pauline to get to work. She booted in and connected the printer first to see what she was working with, it saw that it was there but there was no communication between the two devices. She dug into her bag to find her CD wallet. A few minutes passed in relative calm, Pauline heard the front door open and someone come in. There was a muffled conversation followed by some excited conversation, before door swung open and a young man entered the room.

"Sorry my mom bothered you man, I told her I'd fix~" He trailed off at this point after seeing it was a lady.

"It's no trouble at all, I'm Pauline." She extended her hand as she spoke.

"I- I- I-"

"You... have a lovely room."

His face flushed crimson and his jaw hung slack, "..." Pauline looked him over. He was average height, skinny but not scrawny, wire-rimmed glasses, and a button down shirt. The scene stood frozen with Pauline's hand extended and poor boy's dumbfounded look.

Pauline broke the silence, "Okay, well I'm on the clock..."

"KEITH!"

She chuckled as she replied, "Well Keith, I could use some assistance if you can answer some questions." The two worked on the issue, Keith clearly still uneasy. However together they were able to get the printer functioning. Pauline looked at her watch to check how long it had been and realized she could use a break before heading back to the Hendersen job.

"Alright, well let me just go collect my fee and I'll be out of your hair. Also which way is the bathroom?"

"Whic- Wa- WAIT!" Keith once again turned bright red, "You... YOU CAN GO HERE!"

She smiled slyly; apparently this one knew the rules. "Much obliged, but do you mind if we close the door? Keith could not scramble fast enough to get it shut. "There's a lot of 'stuff' in here, is there anywhere you'd prefer?" Pauline inquired. Keith robotically came back to the middle of the room and with a single swift motion lifted and chucked a large pile of clothes over his bed. She stepped into place as Keith stood in front of her. Pauline popped the button on her jeans and slowly clicked down the zipper, she watched the boy's eyes swell with each tooth. She hooked her thumbs in her waistbands and bent slowly to push them over her hips to her knees. She stood up completely before she spread her legs to squat giving Keith a good view of her bush.

She had shaved for many years, when she hit puberty she thought her hair looked disorganized and unsightly. The first chance she got she stole Pauly's straight razor and took them all off. Unfortunately, they just grew back and she was not going to use her Father's face razor on her privates regularly. She eventually ended up with a standard bush which bugged her consistently. Once Pauline finally started to shave her legs, she had the freedom she wanted. Nora and she showered together to conserve water when the idea struck her one evening. The new Legend of Zelda game was in production and it was her favorite series. Her middle name was Zelda, named for her Great-Grandma, so she felt an extra kinship to the series. After shaving her legs she started on her project.

"What are you doing?" Nora gave her a strange look.

"I want to try a shape, give me a hand please?"

"What shape?"

"I want to do a Triforce."

"Oh, that's so cool! It will be easier if you do it inverted."

"I'm good with that; it'll look right when I look down then." After some playing the two were happy with the results and that was her standard look from then on.

If Keith's eyes were any wider they would have dropped from his skull. There in front of him was a woman, naked from waist to knees, her slit clearly visible because all the hair left above it was shaped like the symbol on a power button, at this point his pants were about to pop too. He leaned to one side, clearly having lost his balance; he staggered and just barely made it to the bed where he tried to stay conscious. Unconcerned with his mental state, Pauline continued. She purposefully turned slightly to face the bed and squatted there. As soon as she was down she let go.

True to her standard, an acrobatic arc burst forth into view. As Pauline got older, her muscles more defined, she could now produce a determined, prolonged flow. From her position on the floor, roughly a yard from the bed, she brought her arch to bear down directly next to the far side of the boy's right shoe. This was too much for poor Keith to handle. He reached his hands to cover his bulging pants, but as soon as he touched it, his whole body convulsed, his eyes lolled in their sockets, and he collapsed on the bed out cold. Pauline smiled; she could not help but feel glad about giving the kid a thrill. However, now that he was out... she was going to have some fun.

Honestly, Pauline got into the service industry for a sigular reason. After years of peeing in people's houses, it gave her a thrill. She loved the looks she got from husbands and even wives. After years of practice, Nora and she had taught themselves finite control over their release. Pauline tensed her muscles to cease her flow; she then stood and adjusted her pants so she could walk. She made her way to the guitar in the corner. A nice looking Gibson electric, she admired the style while she lowered her pants to mid-thigh this time.

She told her muscles to relax again and with an extra push, was able to hit the pearl dot on the fifth fret. Pauline let her fluid roll down the neck for a few seconds before swinging right to soak the amp with a quick rain. She adjusted her right foot back and turned further again, her stream splattered across the top of the game console before connecting with her new target, the media stacks. They were all discs in cases, so no real worry, if they had been cartridges she might have thought twice... maybe. The videos were getting drenched regardless, cardboard sleeves and all.

Ceasing again she moved to another part of the room, not much by the closet but she sprayed the clothes there all the same. She finally decided with not much left, to give Keith one more thrill for when he woke up, these were about to be his favorite pants. Standing directly in front of the passed out boy, she let the last of her store go onto the crotch. It was just enough to show the start of a new hard on behind his zipper. Turning around, she sat on the young man's left thigh and wiped herself dry. Pauline collected her bag and her compensation before returning to the Hendersen place. She made sure to get a bottle of water from the mini fridge in the van too.

Showers

Nora and Pauline had showered together most their lives. It was no different now, even though they were both adults. It had started out pretty standard, Pauly felt uncomfortable bathing with either of them, so Pauline helped when Nora was younger and it just stuck. The girls would play and goof around until they got older and the "playing" was a little more mature than before.

When Pauline hit puberty, Nora took notice. The chatted about it and surprisingly Nora started puberty early herself. Nora was a quick developer and soon had a very healthy chest. By the time Pauline had developed a large C, Nora was already pushing an F. Pauline took every chance she could to give her sister grief about it too. She would wait till their shower and while Nora was washing, Pauline would cup underneath her breasts and soap them for her, "These get any bigger and you will need a bar of soap for each."

"Sto~op! You know they're still sensitive. Besides, Becky says if you massage them they get bigger."

"Well then maybe you should play with mine more." Pauline joked as she juggled her own in her hands. This was not their only regular shower ritual. Nora, since she was old enough to shower at age six, had to pee as soon as they got in, a combination of the sound of running water and the warmth of it on her skin. Pauline tried to discourage it, but realizing it was inevitable actually started joining her sister. When it all began, Pauline would tell Nora to wait and go when she got out.

"I have to go now!" Nora chanted as she bounced with her hands between her thighs.

"Alright, just one time, if you have to go tomorrow you WILL wait." Nora squatted at the far end of the shower and leaked a tiny torrent of yellow. Without fail, the next night was the same. "Gotta go, gotta go."

"Told you no, told you no." Pauline would echo.

Nora actually did try, but right after they got out and started toweling off, her resistance broke and she wound up going on the bathroom floor. Since she had waited so long, there was a lot to clean up. The following night was almost the same, but this time Nora was still in the tub so it all went down the drain thankfully. Pauline had to go that night herself, so she stepped back into the tub with her sister beside her and relieved her ache as well. Nora stood mesmerized by the fantastic display, the acrobatic spray shooting far enough to hit the drain directly. From that night on it was just routine.

As they grew older, Nora got a little more adventurous. Since she did not produce the same graceful flow as her sister, she tried all she could to emulate it. Nora found that she did not need to squat, her stream shot with directed force at a low angle. After some practice she could keep it for running down her legs. Next she tried spreading her lips; now that her exit was directly exposed she could aim. However, this also meant the force increased.

Still unable to achieve an aesthetic arc, she settled for distance. Nora developed what she called "Bursting." She would expose her opening and place her middle finger tightly over it. While sending the message to release, she would tense and push her muscles until pressure built against her fingertip. By removing her finger, she could "Burst" a powerful shot an excessive distance. On the nights when Pauline washed her hair, Nora would stand at the back of the shower.

With Pauline facing her, Nora would Burst and strike Pauline right between the tits. Burst again and this would hit Pauline's navel and one final hit would hopefully impact her clit. If there was not enough fluid, it would go between her legs and land squarely on water spigot. Pauline did not mind, because as soon as Nora was done, she would kneel between her sister's legs and massage Pauline's clit with her thumb until she could not help but pee. It would trickle down Nora's collarbone and rush like a river in her cleavage. Occasionally, she would lift and squeeze her breasts together until a pool formed before releasing it, even more rarely Nora would open her mouth and let it fill with the body warmed liquid. That was only on the nights when the color was crystal clear.

Floor Drains

Business began to pick up soon after the call at Keith's house. Apparently he had told some of his friends and they had "broken" their computers. So she was regularly able to indulge, most the time with a very accommodating audience. There were a number of other occasions that stuck in her mind.

One of her jobs, there was no young boy present, so after completion she tracked down the lady of the house. On this occasion, Pauline was unable to resolve issue without taking the machine. The OS was corrupted, but the customer wanted to check with her husband before she let Pauline take it.

Pauline had inquired about the bathroom and been told, "You'll find what you need in the second door down the hall." She thanked her and headed that way. She passed the first door and did a double-take... it was clearly the bathroom. Pauline debated, but she went ahead and checked the next room. There she opened the door to a bedroom all in white. It was not a main bedroom and appeared to be an unused room. Pauly had warned her about "collectors" but this was her first experience. Looking around, she observed the scene before moving forward. There were several stains around the room, each in a unique location. She moved toward one that was on the dresser, there was a placard with the following:

Joe's Cold A/C and Heating> Technician: John Roe 07/23

The placard was actual etched metal. These were serious collectors. Scanning around again, Pauline looked for a good spot. Her father had told her to respect collections; a good collector was a repeat client. "Make sure you follow these rules: Stay in one spot, do not move after you started unless told to. Avoid overlap, even if you went there before pick a new spot. Lastly, there is ALWAYS a camera." Sure enough there were several cameras, one mounted in opposing corners of the room, one behind a "mirror", and finally three more under the bed to face out in each direction. Pauline untied and stepped out of her shoes, followed by completely removing her pants and undies. According to Dad she had all the time she wanted, because they were watching through the cameras to record. She plopped her half naked body on the end of the bed and hooked her heels next to her butt on either side. It actually took longer to go knowing she was being filmed than if someone was standing there watching.

After thirty seconds the signal connected and her body responded. Her arc launched forward and finally touched ground about four feet in front of her. One thing Dad did not say anything about was leaving a LARGE stain. Pauline flexed her gluts and made sure to sway back and forth to create a personal design. Judging by the rest of the room it had been exclusively males. There was one on the wall belonging to a "Robin" that could have been a woman, since it was associated with a sewing machine repair. She had produced a lovely long curve on the carpet when her supply was finally exhausted. Pauline dressed, collected her fee, and moved to next job.

This was not the only odd call she had, however.

Sprinklers

Often times her clients preferred the use of receptacles, the clean-up was easier and allowed for relief in any room. Pauline usually liked to be a bit coy. Since she had a very good control over her evacuation, she would miss on purpose. "Can you hold the cup for me?" Pauline would say sheepishly.

"I don't mind."

"Ok, my stream can get a bit 'unpredictable.'"

Pauline would start by shooting full force, next she would stop entirely and just dribble, that way they thought it was stable. After a couple of seconds, full force again, and then she would finish with just her normal release... they seldom managed to keep up with the change, so large amounts of it ended up over everything.

There were the really odd folks who licked off their hands and a very remote few that drank directly from the glass or straight from her source. Those people kind of bugged her, but it was their choice and Pauline was not going to argue if she got to do it.

On one particular call she had her best encounter so far. Pauline had been working an issue for almost four hours, at this point she was stumped and almost at breaking point for a bathroom. Just as she was getting up, a young girl entered the room, mid-teens, average height, and standard build. She could be considered pretty and probably soon to be some boy's dream girl, if she was not already. "Is it fixed?" She had such hope in her eyes.

"I'm afraid not quite."

Crest-fallen, she replied, "Oh. I have a paper I need to work on."

"Well, if this process I have running works we might be good." Pauline tried to assure. "I was wondering if I can borrow your bathroom?"

"Mom says if you fix the problem you can go here, so I guess you can go here... then just make sure you fix it." The girl stuck her tongue out after she finished.

"Alright, you got a deal... what's your name dear?"

"Brooklynne, like the bridge supposedly." She rolled her eyes and spoke the second half sarcastically.

Pauline got up from the chair and walked over to shake hands. As soon as their grip broke she started unbuttoning her pants, still in front of the young girl. Slightly flustered, Brooklynne blushed and looked past Pauline at the screen across the room. Trying to ease the tension, Pauline spoke up as she squatted, "What's your paper on?"

Still averting her gaze Brooklynne answered, "Electromagnetism and the effects of high energy fields on printed circuits. I also have a small section about why cell phones are slowly killing their users."

"Uh, huh... so guess you're not big on technology?"

"Actually quite the opp.. o.. site..." Brooklynne trailed off here having been distracted by the sound of Pauline's splashing. At this point the girl was looking directly at Pauline again, at least one specific part of Pauline anyway. "Hey... what's it like?" Brooklynne spoke very reserved.

"Working on computers?" Pauline was baiting the girl by purposefully answering incorrectly.

"No, I mean... you know... what'redoingthere..."

Oh you mean peeing on floors? It's wicked fun." Pauline lowered her voice and looked up at the girl's flushed face, "Hey, com'on'join me. If your Mom asks I just really had to go." Pauline winked with a smirk at the girl, to make her point.

Brooklynne hesitated, still unsure if she should, then as if she had given up arguing with herself she reached for her jean's button. The girl deftly took a step back and dropped to a squat with her pants down in less than an instant. What surprised Pauline was that Brooklynne started almost immediately. "It seems to me you were a bit prepared for this?" Pauline's question struck a chord and Brooklynne blushed deeply.

"Well I~"

Pauline interrupted, "You've gone 'other places' and this was an opportunity not to pass up?"

In a low tone Brooklynne answered, "Yeeeaaahhh." The utterance was somewhere between a sigh and actual words. It was hard to tell if it was caused by the release of burden on her mind or fluid from her nethers. Pauline slowed and finished with a few small drips, but she remained low to get another look at Brooklynne. She had a very petite slit and shaved regularly, in fact she had shaved a Greek Omega, the symbol stood for Ohms in engineering. The other striking feature was that her stream was very forward. It appeared that if not for the angle of her pelvis, Brooklynne could probably have a horizontal flow.

"If I may, how old are you?"

"I'm fourteen, why?" Brooklynne replied quizzically.

"How would you like to intern for me? I can't hire you as a full employee for a few reasons, but you could come with me and learn on the job and I would pay you a percentage as you learned."

"That'd be awesome! We'll need to check with my parents though."

"Of course." Pauline assured.

Once Brooklynne had finished, both girls returned to the computer and shortly thereafter the problem was resolved. Pauline spoke with Brooklynne's parents saying she was actually very knowledgeable and did indeed help find a resolution. Over the next few weeks they negotiated and eventually it was decided that Brooklynne would intern Thursdays and Fridays with possible weekend calls as they came along. So it was that Pauline started to grow her business.

Traps and Overflows

With end of the century, the millennium "virus" scare generated a lot of consulting work for PC Pauli. Brooklynne was a very bright girl and a quick learner and now that she was old enough to be hired, became an even more valuable asset. Nora had graduated finally but the nursing industry was going through a stigma of only wanting experienced nurses, so she still did part-time secretary work when both Pauline and Brooklynne were busy. Brooklynne had become the primary as she could also field questions over the phone and better determine the actual issue.

In the time that Brooklynne was in training there was no particularly strange occurrences. The switch to a new millennium also seemed to change the behavior in people and it seemed less people allowed the "go anywhere" option in favor of the receptacle. There were still the occasional collectors, but for the most part it seemed the era was slowing ending. Both Pauline and Brooklynne enjoyed a great experience on the first time Brooklynne resolved an issue solo.

Pauline had been having the girl learn in trial by fire style for the last month of service calls. Pauline would just act as a sounding board to assure she was headed down the proper path to resolution. This particular issue involved a virus that had seemingly deleted all the user's files by making the original a hidden folder, creating a new blank profile, disabling the admin user, and locking the user manager.

Brooklynne struggled with the issue for about two hours, before looking through Pauline's CD's and finding the "pocket environment" disc. This allowed her to get a backdoor into the system and around the virus lockouts. Once they were back in with admin rights it was just a matter of finding and removing the virus before restoring the missing profile. All completed the job took four hours.

Pauline and Brooklynne called in Miss Schneller and explained what happened.

"So it's all fixed?" Miss Schneller asked still slightly confused.

"Yes. The virus is gone and your data was never lost, just hidden." Pauline assured.

"Oh, thank goodness! What do I owe you?"

"Well actually I didn't do anything; it was entirely my intern here."

Miss Schneller beamed at the girl, "Congratulations!"

Brooklynne spoke up, "It was nothing really, I have a good teacher. I was a bit stressed for a while, so would you mind if I take a bathroom break before we go?"

"Not a problem at all, if fact I have just the thing in mind. Follow me." The three ladies left the computer area and came to a small back room that appeared to be a converted patio. There were boxes everywhere and an old couch against one wall. "So here you go. This dusty old thing is getting tossed out within the week. We haven't used this room in years and the couch was past its prime when we used it then."

"Thank you so much Ma'am." Brooklynne responded.

"Pauline, you feel free to go too."

"Much Obliged."

Miss Schneller chuckled, "Just like your Father."

The girls began prepping themselves, unbuttoning and zipping, sliding down their jeans and panties to reveal their shaved shapes. Pauline had gone to a simple design from her difficult to maintain power symbol, she had something that resembled the USB pitchfork. Brooklynne was sporting a small rectangle with the path of circuits shaved out of it instead of her Omega. They both stopped with their clothes at the knees and remained standing. Pauline was at one side with her legs against the arm and Brooklynne stood facing the couch directly. They both looked at each other and counted to three.

Pauline started first her perfect arc matching the curve of the arm and landing in the center of the cushion in front of her. Moments after, Brooklynne shot forth and hit the back cushion with her nearly horizontal aim. This continued for an instant before Miss Schneller spoke, "What the hell, I'll join you too. Need to go anyway and why should you two have all the fun?" She flipped the snap on her corduroys and slid them down her legs as she turned away from the sofa. She remained bent over and in only a couple of seconds started her own golden rain on the cushions as well. Her stream was well defined and since her muff was upside-down, so to speak, Miss Schneller had a waterfall effect. It appeared as though a bucket had sprung a leak, projecting forward slightly then gracefully crashing to earth.

Pauline admired the woman's well maintained fanny; certainly her age was not going to revealed inspecting her here. It was clear she did not have the same issue with her hair that Pauline and Brooklynne shared, however she was not overly hairy. Pauline decided to change up things a bit and pushed until her arc reached Brooklynne's cushion, she then relaxed as she turned her hips and created a curve all the way across the seat backs. Not wanting to be left out, Brooklynne stepped cautiously around the arm to stand opposite Pauline. Now her horizontal stream had nothing to directly impact and shot into the center cushion mixing with the wet patch being made by Miss Schneller.

By this time three full ladies was more than the old cushions could soak up and the excess began pouring off the edges and onto the floor. Thankfully not much remained and in turn each girl finished their drenching, Pauline, Brooklynne, and last of course Miss Schneller. After all their clothing was back in place, Miss Schneller and the techs admired the damage. "Well we certainly made a mess of that." She remarked.

"More like a Viking burial at sea." Brooklynne joked.

Pauline looked at her watch, "We would love to stay and chat

, but pressing matters are at hand."

They broke for the kitchen and a few minutes later were out the door. It was time to be on to the last call for the day; the client was a Mr. Humphrey. When they arrived, it was a small apartment and they knocked. The door opened a few seconds later and there stood a slightly older Keith. He welcomed the girls in and they chatted for a few minutes, before Pauline asked the real questions, "So what sort of issue you have today?"

Keith figetted, his behavior betraying his intention, "Actually... I don't have a problem with my computer. I was just hoping to see you pee on the floor again." After a short pause he gestured at Brooklynne, "You too! ...if you want."

"Well this is a first, not sure how to handle it." Pauline scratched her head. "Truth is we just went before we came here."

"Oh..." Keith was clearly downtrodden by this fact, "Well since I already have to pay you for the hour, why don't we have some drinks and chat

. Hopefully before our times up it'll work out."

"I don't see why not, you are the last call today. You game Brooklynne?"

"Free drinks and no work? Hell Yeah!"

Everyone laughed as they settled into the small living room. Keith went and got some beers and Pauline opted for soda, since she still had to drive. An hour of idle chatting passed quickly and several drinks were consumed. When Pauline looked at her watch, she called time. "Alright, time to call it a day. You have to go yet Brooklynne?"

"Give me a minute to try, I feel like... like... maybe?" She was a little drunk at this point. She stood up and wobbled a just slightly, but immediately had composure. Unbuttoning her jeans she slid them all the way to the floor before returning to lower her pink panties to her knees. From here Brooklynne attempted to take a step back to lean against the wall behind the sofa. Lifting her leg served to unbalance her and she fell back with a light *thud* into the wall. "You OK there?" Pauline prompted.

"I'm fine, just topsy... tipsy. Once I get this out, be right a rain." Within moments of finishing that, Brooklynne started to release.

With her shoulders pressed to the wall and her torso leaned back, Brooklynne's stream actually shot upwards instead of the normal horizontal. This allowed her arch a good yard and a half out from her waist. Keith clamoured to the end of the couch to get a better view. His eyes would flit back and forth between source and impact. Without hesitation he rolled on to the floor and shuffled his head under the cascade to watch it shoot over and land on the carpet. Pauline snuffed out a chuckle and stood up; she kicked off her shoes as she undid her pants as well. Half naked again, she sat at the edge of the cushion near the arm where Brooklynne stood. Pauline hooked her heels behind her butt and waited for the urge to build.

It was a only a few more ticks before Brooklynne's show ended with a splattering across the young man's glasses as the golden liquid traced back to her slit. As quickly as one ended, Pauline's started, her arch passing over Keith's torso and coming to bear on the far side of him again. She swayed and swathed an angle next to his body, the spray back bouncing on his arm as it landed with a heavy impact. Utilizing her strong muscle control, she reduced the distance and started a zig-zag pattern across his body and the carpet on the near side. This worked out well, as Pauline was nearly spent already and after three switch backs, was done. Keith remained on the floor, slightly damp, elated, and stiff as a board in his pants.

Pauline spoke as she headed back to her discarded clothes, "Tell you what, since you were nice enough to provide us drinks... this one's on the house."

Keith bolted to a sitting position dispersing droplets everywhere, "THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!" He rolled a knee under himself and rose up fluidly from the floor. "So, before you go... I'm sure you remember some of my friends as well?"

"Yesss~" Pauline squinted as she hissed.

"I'm pretty sure they would be more than willing to make the same offer if you are so inclined."

Brooklynne interjected, "I don't see why not."

"Your judgment might be a bit cloudy right now... but I'm not going to say 'No' either. When they call, just tell them to ask for the 'floor model special'."

Clearly excited, Keith bellowed in secret agent fashion, "ABSOLUTELY, the 'Floor Model Special.' Got it."

The ladies said their goodbyes and left after that.

Pauline told Nora how to handle a "Floor Model Special" call, without actually telling her what it meant.

"Just let me know as much in advance as you can... and it is only a one hour call. Oh, and NEVER two back to back."

Confusedly Nora replied, "Okay, if you say so."

It took until a customer blurted out the secret before she figured it out too. Even after that, she still had no objections. In fact, on several occasions, the clients asked to see Nora specifically. They had always spoken with her, but knowing what the "Floor Model Special" meant, they wanted to meet her. "Well, I'm just here to answer phones... if you want me to come out, it'll be double. Also there is an extra charge if you want the 'Power Boost'." This was her new code name for "Bursting". Pauline let her keep the extra for the "Power Boost," since Nora was the only one of the three that could do it.

The new service proved to be fairly lucrative and with the shift away from the tradition of being allowed to go anywhere, provided an outlet to still have fun and make money doing it. So it was that "PC Pauli" was rebranded one last time to "Pauli P.C.". The new designation still meant "Personal Computer," but for those in the know it also meant "Pees" on "Carpet."

