An evening with Kim

21st February 2006, 12:25 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

After being left in charge of the family home and car for a week (see "Exploring with Kim"), my parents returned all-too-soon from their annual holiday. This meant that our enjoyment of sex including watersports was curtailed again and would have to become furtive once more.

The next occasion that I can recall was just a few weeks later - certainly it was summer. I had recently turned 18, had finished school and had a vacation job until University commenced in early October.

My former school contemporaries were revelling in the new experience of being able to drink legally: there was to be a thrash in town, no formal invites, just word of mouth. The "do" was in a pub which one wouldn't otherwise normally visit...you know the sort. An ancient jukebox which accepted only pre-decimal coins was the sole entertainment....

Kim and I caught the bus into town - it was a lovely warm evening. I don't remember much about the event except that most of us had plenty to drink and things became increasingly raucous....mainly blokes showing off. A number of girls who had been at junior school with us (as had Kim) had turned up and it was quite an entertaining and frisky evening in a slightly tantalising but largely non-sexual way.

By 11pm things were winding up: the last bus to the district where Kim and I lived had left at 10.30, so it was a case of walking back to suburbia - about three miles, hardly demanding.

Kim and I set off for home, accompanied by a mate called Dave and one of the girls - Susan. About two-thirds of the way back, Dave and Susan turned off to where they both lived, about three-quarters of a mile from me. Kim and I were now on our own and it wasn't long before she confided in me that she was bursting for a wee.

We stopped, embraced and French-kissed.

Me: "Is it making you feel sexy?" (Kim was wearing a long wrapover dress in a fetching dark green/gold material with a skimpy white cheesecloth top: my hand slid up her thigh, to find the taut gusset of her knickers [white Aertex] warm and damp).

Kim: "Oh yes...but I'm going to have to go soon, otherwise I'll wet myself, especially if you go on touching me there".

Me: "Why didn't you go at the pub?"

Kim: "I did once - but it was really disgusting and smelly. The loo seat was broken off and there was wee all over the loo and floor. I couldn't sit down, so I didn't go again. So now I'm bursting".

Me: "Well, you can't really do it here. There's too much traffic and no place to hide". (It being after pub closing time, there were plenty of cars making their way along the main road where we were walking). "We would make too much noise at your place or mine, the folks will be in bed".

Kim: "Mmmm....I really need to wee. It's making me so randy. Let's find somewhere to do it". (At this point we were walking along the main road, through a very well-to-do area approaching the edge of town with large detached houses set well back from the road).

Me: "Well...we could go home via the bridle path". (This was a very indirect and much longer route home: the main road at this point had farmland on one side and more well-to-do houses on the other. The bridle path struck off through farmland at an angle through a small wood [where most of the lads - including me - had had an illicit smoke at a very early age] and then meandered its way up a gentle slope through a field of standing wheat before coming to a side road which led directly to the district in which we lived.

Kim: "OK...I don't care how but let's hurry, I must have a wee!"

Ignoring our usual way home, in a few minutes we reached the entrance to the bridle path. We slipped through the five bar gate and into the wood. Fortunately, it wasn't too dark (after all, it had still been light only an hour or so earlier) and we could more-or-less see where we were going. As I had cycled this way many times in earlier years, I had a pretty good idea what to look for. I soon found a grassy verge a little off the track and pulled Kim to me.

Both of us were very excited and I really wanted the moment to last. I gently pressed her pussy through her knickers, squeezing her labia and tracing the outline of her slit through the Aertex cotton, feeling her warmth and dampness before adding a little pressure over her clit. Moving my hand upwards I pressed my fingers against her lower belly to massage her bladder. Kim groaned and murmured "that'll make me pee...don't stop, it's lovely".

We sank to the ground, Kim pulling up her dress and pushing her knickers down to her kness as we did so. I pushed down my trousers and pants to give her access to me: as I knelt beside her, Kim parted her thighs and I began to nuzzle her pussy which was remarkably slick with love juice: her aroma was very strong, which I found particularly arousing. I was pleased she didn't stop me as I though she might - clearly she was enjoying things as much as I was.

Kim groaned again and said "it's coming..."

Suddenly we heard a rustling in the undergrowth very near to us - in a frantic hurry we both jumped up, hastily pulling up and rearranging clothes to avoid the Peeping Tom we both knew must be only a few feet away. We headed rapidly away along the path....and then realised that the "voyeur" was in fact a curious horse, stabled in the adjacent field!

We both laughed out loud and started to look for another place: by now we were at the edge of the wood. Fortunately there was a fallow field adajcent to the wheat field: we went through the gate and off the path a bit.

We went into a clinch and in seconds my fingers were working their way into Kim's knickers: as I noticed that they were wet, she said "I couldn't stop back there....but I'm still dying to go". Kim responded to my touch by undoing my belt and zip and stroking my erection....

Within a few seconds we were lying in the grass again - the dew was making it damp but our almost animal lust meant that we were well beyond caring. Kim pulled off her knickers and spread her legs with knees raised: she propped herself up on her elbows to get a look at the proceedings! I knelt in front of her and began to pleasure her again with my tongue. This time the salty tang of her urine was very noticeable and within a few seconds Kim said "ooooh... I'm coming... careful, you'll get a faceful!"

I managed to slip my middle finger into her vagina, which was very tight - an action which rewarded me with a short squirt of urine, which I lapped up. Removing my finger, I gave her pussy a long, lewd lick from perineum to clit and that was enough - a jet of pee splashed off my chin, very nearly soaking my shirt. I drew back and Kim's fingers descended to her clit - she kind of pulled up under the hood and suddenly a staccato fountain of wee spurted upwards from beneath her busy fingers, creating a liquid arc that pattered into the long grass.

Whilst watching this fascinating and extremely erotic spectacle, my own fingers were now busy realising my relief and a few seconds later my come was mingling with her pee in the grass.

Between us we marshalled a couple of tissues and my handkerchief - not much to clean up with, but better than nothing. Having walked Kim home, it was nearly one o'clock when I got back to my parents' place....they were still awake and my mother moaned at me for being late. Still - this was better than it had been before my 18th birthday, when lateness was inevitably followed by a good shouting-at. And I did manage to get to the bathroom and get busy with soap and water before my mothers' sense of smell had time to detect that I had been up to no good!

More posts to follow...I hope you all enjoy reading this as much as I have enjoyed recounting it!

