Piss in the Park 2

23rd September 2005, 05:02 PM

Author: fetish25

Location: london (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 15

I'm back in the park the next afternoon to test my luck in the girls toilet again. And to see if I can meet up with Cindy.

The park is really full because its really hot out, and I notice lots of girls in bikinis and a lot are sunbathing topless on their tits of course.

Anyhow here I go casually strolling my way to the girls toilet. So far so good no one is watching and I slink in, I look under the stalls to see if there is anyone in here, unfortunately no one is in here.

I make my move to one of the center stalls and start to take my shorts off and place them on the back of the toilet, when all of a sudden 3 girls come in, all of them are 18 and all wearing bikinis 2 in thongs.

At first they all washed their hands and 2 of them had to go pee real bad as they said to their friends, one came in the stall next to me, so I made my move under the wall to look, and look I did, what a view. She had a bald pussy and pissing real hard.

At this point I couldn't hold back any longer and slipped in under her as she peed, she got up in a fright and started to pee on me, and did it ever feel great, I told her to aim it for my mouth and to my surprise she did. Her friends were curious who she was talking to so she opened her stall for her friends, and the other girl that was peeing wasn't wearing her panties and she had a butterfly tattoo above her clit and was dripping wet, obviously didn't wipe after peeing. So being bold I asked her if I can clean her pee from her pussy, and she said gross, but ok if you really want to. So I sat up and she moved her pussy to my face as I licked her pussy clean it was totally awesome.

All the while as I am eating girl 2 out the 3rd girl who didn't have to pee is eating girl 1 out still in her bikini. So still being bold I move my fingers to her pussy and finger her and she is totally wet, her juices are dripping down my wrist. This is totally awesome 3 hot teen babes at once in a girls bathroom stall. Then suddenly girl 1 who I found out is April, and 2 is Jen and 3 is Amanda, all of them are 18 and roommates. April reached for my cock that was totally rock hard and pre cum was oozing out of the tip, she scooped it up with a passion and licked her finger clean.

4 people in a stall is very uncomfortable so I suggested that we continue this somewhere more comfortable, and all 3 chimed in and said sure. I asked where, and all 3 said our place, I said ok, So I reached under the stall to grab my shorts and put them on and we all left the washroom at the same time.

We all arrived at their place which is only 3 blocks from the park. Once inside we went to the master bedroom which didn't bother me where we were.

All 3 were absolutely hot April is 5'5" with blonde highlights, 32b breasts and a clean shaven pussy. Amanda is 5'7" short brown hair, 34c breasts with nipples that can poke your eyes out, and a bald pussy as well with that butterfly tattoo above the clit. Jen is 5'6" with red shoulder length hair, freckles everywhere, 30b breasts with puffy pink nipples and a heart shape of pubic hair above her clit. Red as well, just like the hair on her head.

So as we reach the bed April and Amanda reach for my shorts and start to rip them off of me and start to suck my cock with abandon. Amanda on my balls and April deepthroating my cock all 8" of it, she gagged a bit but not long as she grew accustom to its length. Jen not wanting to be left out planted her pussy on my mouth.

With me being as horny as I was and not having the chance to cum when I was at the park I was ready to cum real soon, I told the girls that I was ready to shoot and shoot I did, the first shot went into Aprils hot mouth, I pulled out and stuffed it in Amanda's mouth and shot the next load, and pulled out and shot the last load on my chest and Jen licked it up and sucked my cock for more.

April said that he likes to drink pee, and the others said cool, cuz we have to go real bad. So we all went in the bathtub, with me lying down of course. Staring up at 3 hot pussies ready to pee on me. I must be dreaming I said as the first trickle of pee landing on my hard cock came from Amanda as she was standing above my cock, she adjusted her aim and it shot at my face and some went in my mouth, I swallowed waiting for more, but Amanda was done as her pee dripped from my face down to my cock and stopped.

Next was Jen who was in the middle started at my face and aimed for my mouth, MMMMM so hot and salty as it goes down to my tummy as I swallow as fast as I can, then Jen plants her cunt to my mouth to finish off in my mouth, I lick her clean as she is ready to cum, she does as I keep sucking the hot sweet cream as it pours down my throat. Just then I feel pee on my forehead.

Its April, I move Amanda off my mouth and plant Aprils pussy to my mouth as I drink her hot piss as it goes down my throat to my tummy as I savour the flavour of her piss and lick her to orgasm as well, unlike Amanda her pussy cream is sweet as well, and I suck it back like it was my last meal. Doing this I reached up and put my finger to her asshole and pushed my finger in, to my surprise she came in my mouth again. So I'm thinking to myself, she likes anal intrusion.

We all have a shower to wash off the piss and then now I have to pee and not noticing where I'm peeing. I start peeing it hits Amanda's leg and then she goes down and sucks my cock and drinks my pee, this was totally hot, the other 2 went down to get some and they too got some in their mouths, April spit it back out and didn't like the taste, but Jen swallowed with relish and went back for the rest and continued sucking hoping for more. But no more was available, but I did get hard again.

Now that we were all clean, we dried each other off and went back to the bed. I now wanted to fuck all 3 of them. April and Amanda started out by going at it 69, so that left me with Jen who went back to sucking my cock, and we went into the 69 position as well, and stuck my tongue deep in her cunt tasting her hot wet juices. I reached a finger in her pussy and she was tight so I tried to fit in 2 but it was a challenge but I did it, and for my efforts I was rewarded with a face full of cum, she squirted hard, that in return got to me so I rewarded her with a mouth full of my cum which she swallowed with vigor.

As the girls approached their orgasm I went over to watch as Amanda was on top of April had her pussy dripping into Aprils mouth, That got me hard so I approached her pussy, but not before April grabbed it and put it in her mouth to soak it in her saliva. Now holding it hard she plunges my cock into Amanda's pussy and I fuck her slow at first to get the feel of her tight grip that she has on my cock, just then April sucks in both of my balls, and sucks hard, not letting loose. I then start to fuck Amanda faster and harder, but with the job that April is doing on my balls I let loose with jets of cum that fill Amanda, as I finish loading my sperm into Amanda it starts to drip out onto April. So now April releases my balls and sucks the cum out of Amanda holds it in and goes over to Jen who is in a chair masturbating to the whole scene, April then leans over and snowballs it to Jen who then in turn goes over to Amanda and feeds it to her and Amanda swallowed it all.

This got me so hard again I needed to fuck someone else now. April was lying on the bed face down I moved her to the end so I can fuck her doggy style, and I placed my cock in her pussy, and it went in like a glove, I started pounding her with all my effort and was ready to cum yet again. This time I slowed down my fucking to enjoy the fuck and not rush the cum. As I glanced up I noticed that Amanda and Jen were in a 69 position on the head of the bed, hearing their moans and the squishing of their juices was way too much for me and I filled Aprils cunt full of cum, with me grunting as I came in April the girls rushed over to catch the cum run out of Aprils pussy. This was too much. Watching these girls suck the cum out of her pussy kept me hard hell its like I was a stallion.

One pussy to go and it was Jens turn, with her being bent down eating Aprils cunt I moved into position and forced my cock deep in her pussy and slammed her hard, was she ever tight, with my effort I fucked her faster, I reached down to play with her clit and pinch her puffy nipples, this made her scream in orgasm and coated my cock in cum. Now this made it easier to fuck her now that she was wet.

Knowing that I like it when she is extremely tight and wet I had to cum soon, and this time I announced that I was ready to cum, and that was when the other girls got under Jens pussy ready for the load. Just then I shot my first load deep in Jen, not stopping I finished with 5 more loads, Jen screaming out "HE IS FILLING ME UP"!!!!! Amanda pulls my cock out of Jens cunt with a plop and sucks my cock, and April goes to Jens cunt with her mouth ready to catch the cum drip out. Amanda kept sucking my cock trying to get more out of me, all she got was a drop. I was totally drained now. But I wanted to fuck each of their asses, but I was drained, tired and sore.

Not realizing the time, I wanted to meet Cindy in the park too, but it was too late, it was 8:30pm. Having fun with 3 girls is better than just one.

So I said "whose bed can I sleep in."

They all said why not right here in the big bed so we can all fit in it. So I said ok. We all took another shower to get ready for bed, and all turned in. Before I fell asleep I noticed that April had her fingers around my cock and stroked it but it didn't get hard, that is when I suggested that we try it in the morning when its has regained its energy. And she said ok and drifted off to sleep.

