Wonderful Wet Day 2

27th August 2018, 03:13 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I had been up for about an hour when I got the text from Tonya. I smiled when I saw it was a picture of the girls setting on their deck with obviously wet panties. Seconds later another text came in. It was of her, standing in front of her bathroom mirror in a tee-shirt and white panties. Her dark bush could be seen clearly through panties she had recently peed in. I became instantly hard. I was still only in my underwear, a pair of white briefs that were also soaked with my own morning piss.

It has almost become a morning routine to hold it till I was setting on my deck with my first cup of coffee. I wake up with a piss hard on almost every morning. The first thing I do is start my coffee making. Then I go to the bathroom and brush my teeth and wash my face. All along I'm glancing at my hard dick poking up in my underwear. Often I will release just enough piss the outline my dick in my underwear. By the time I'm finished in the bathroom my coffee will be ready. I'll get a cup and make my way to the back deck. Some mornings I'm so much in need of a piss that I leak in my underwear before making it outside. By the time I'm seated with my coffee my underwear is dripping. I don't try to hold any longer and just piss to my heart's content. Often I will have two or three cups while watching the morning sunrise, just letting myself piss when I feel the need. This had been one of those mornings.

By the time I got Tonya's text I was already tore up. My wet underwear and the thoughts of what I had to look forward to today were enough to keep me hard all morning. I leaned back in my chair and took a selfie of my hard dick encased in a thoroughly piss soaked pair of white briefs. Looking at that picture turned me on even more. I grinned and sent it to Tonya. This was going to be a wonderful wet day.

