Yeah I did it again

27th March 2010, 07:02 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

New story. This one took me a while because I was getting bored writing and had some work stuff that took over my time. Without further ado, a story(8 chapter):

Bed and Bath

Gwen lived in an apartment downtown. She had a good job in the accounting department of a big company and loved what she did. The tenants in her building were very friendly and everyone did their best to welcome new inhabitants. Recently the apartment two down from Gwen had been vacated and this week a new person was taking it.

It was a Wednesday afternoon when she arrived. The whole building did their best to assist Susan in getting settled. The Powrighte brothers and the Smithen's teenage boys helped unload the furniture and boxes. Old lady Myrtle made her dinner that night, Susan was grateful for all the hospitality.

Gwen wished that she could have been there to assist, but it was not until the Weekend that she was able to introduce herself. The two went out for dinner and movie and quickly became good friends. Amongst the conversation at dinner, Susan had brought up why she moved and her past before.

She explained, "I just got appointed to a new position. I am now a regional stock inventory request qualifier. It's a fancy title that just means I verify if multiple reorders are valid... but I get to travel. Before I got promoted, I was a dean of sales up North."

Gwen shared her story too, "In my case I have always lived around here. I grew up on the East side and when my parents moved out of state I was old enough to make a go on my own. I have been working in accounting since I got out of college."

After dinner that night, they stayed in frequent contact and it was well known around the building that they were friends. After a month, Susan was called to take a trip for work and naturally asked if Gwen would keep an eye on her apartment. "I would need you to feed my fish and collect my mail." Gwen was happy to agree, she was actually quite anxious about it. She had been hoping that Susan would ask; it was going to be her chance to be naughty.

The day came and Gwen saw Susan off at the airport before returning home... just not her own. Gwen collected the mail from the box and took it in the apartment; to everyone else it looked completely normal. After she was in, with door locked and shades pulled, did the real fun begin. Susan was going to be away for three days that meant she had 72 hours to be wet and wild.

There was no reason to rush, so Gwen just cased the apartment. Wandering from room to room noting decor; she was fairly familiar with the areas, but she wanted to have a good plan in mind. She could not contain her anticipation, she had to do one... just one spot.

Gwen scanned for something simple, something she would have skipped otherwise. Having finally decided the rug was best for now, she stripped off her pants and flower dotted panties. The hardwood floor was colder than expected in stocking feet, but nothing to worry about. Gwen kneeled and spread her legs; she flipped over a section of the oval rug, rested her hands on her thighs, and waited. She stared at the tattoo above her bush.

It was a tortured heart, the right side was aflame and slowly vaporizing the rest of the heart, it always served as her catalyst. Studying the flames flipped a trigger in her brain and it was only a moment before the muscles released. The splash was the only sound and the pool quickly spread. As soon as Gwen felt the hot, liquid puddle reach her knees, she stopped. She rose and dressed before straightening the rug; the evidence disappeared underneath and was gone to the world. She returned to her own apartment and prepared for her next trip...

Meanwhile...

Susan had boarded the plane and found her seat with ease. Thankfully her company had paid for a seat upgrade and she was not crammed into coach/business class. The plane had been fairly packed but to her luck the seat next to her remained empty and the aisle seat was taken by a girl in her late teens. The pilot came on and did the normal run down; Flight was five hours, however head winds may make it up to six, arrival time was expected to be 11:15PM local time.

She settled in and decided to wait till take off before reading. Soon after they were in the air she dug out her book and was lost in its pages. Almost two hours had passed before the light made it difficult to continue. Putting the book away, she looked around the plane for a moment. It appeared that most people were sleeping already, at least the ones Susan could see from her seat. The teen had apparently drifted off at some point as well.

Susan took a minute to look her over; fairly nice body, moderate sized breasts that were well proportioned to her, a little extra baby fat on her tummy, and a cute face that would make any boy go hard. The girl shifted in her sleep and Susan quickly turned to look out the window in case she awoke. The girl settled again and Susan looked back at her for another moment. She shifted again and Susan was shocked as the teen slipped a hand down her jeans.

Her eyes were still closed... Susan glanced to double-check. She watched as the girl pumped her hand. It was clear what was happening, apparently it was a good dream. At this point Susan stared; she had to see how far it would go. The teen pumped and shifted, she breathed heavy and tensed her legs. Her body began to tighten and Susan knew what was coming... her. The girl slumped into the chair again and was motionless, her hand still in her pants up to the wrist.

Susan was surprised; no one else seemed to notice the girl's unconscious gesturing. She decided there was nothing to be said and began to thumb through the SkyMall in the seat pocket. A few minutes later the teen finally awoke. Susan watched out of the corner of her eye. The expression was evidence that the girl knew what happened. Susan watched as her face went white then deep red. She quickly adjusted herself and scanned around nervously. Despite herself, Susan spoke to assure her, "I don't think anyone else noticed."

She looked at Susan and went white again. She fidgeted with her belt and quickly shuffled down the aisle to the restroom. About ten minutes passed before she returned. Her composure had returned but after she sat down she still seemed agitated. Not a minute passed before she spoke to Susan, "I'm sooo SORRY. I didn't embarrass you or make you uncomfortable, did I?"

"No, it's alright. Just calm yourself, there is nothing to worry about." Susan reassured.

The teen's demeanor finally settled. The flight staff served drinks and everything was normal again. Susan had finished her drink and checked the time... still almost two hours before arrival. She usually tried to avoid airplane bathrooms; she sat and tried to focus on other things. The more she tried to distract herself the harder it became to focus. Thirty minutes, that was all the time that had passed and Susan's only thought was her bladder. She lasted five more minutes and then conceded.

Undoing her belt she excused herself past the teen girl and made her way down to the toilet. Susan could see the pile up of people when she stood; she just hoped they were not all waiting. She was partly correct... two of them were standing to let others out, making the line four long. Figuring that it would be okay, she stood waiting. Two people out, then three done, there was only one more in front of her. They entered and Susan perked up; she was next, it was going to be close.

Eight minutes, it had been eight minutes. Susan's bladder hurt, she tried her best not to look pained... It was difficult. Ten more minutes... almost twenty now... and finally the door budged. Susan waddled around and into the stall, shut the door, locked it, and then it hit her. Her eyes burned and watered, it was foetid and she peered into the stool. Thankfully it was empty, but that did not help the smell. There was no way she was sitting there, she would pass out. She was already doubling from the ache and there was no way she would make it to another toilet in the plane without wetting herself.

She eyed the tiny sink. It would have to do. She stripped her pants and undies in a single motion and was able to hook herself over the corner of the basin. Her bladder released on impulse. The heavy flow hissed loudly and rushed fast enough that it swirled around the whole sink before getting to the drain. Susan continued her relief, the bowl was beginning to fill with the golden fluid and showed no signs of completion. Concerned about overflowing and making a mess, she quickly adjusted her feet and twisted left. Susan's stream blasted across the wall and seat before shakily continuing into real toilet.

Susan had never peed standing, she always assumed it was impossible. She was impressed, it did not take any effort... her stream fell right where she expected, this was a revelation! She looked over at the sink and noticed it had started to ebb properly. Her bathroom break almost at an end Susan wanted to do one more thing. Just before she started to dribble, she turned left again. Her flow struck the carpeted wall and soaked in immediately. She quickly grabbed some paper and stuck it between her legs to get the last of the drips so she did not get any on her panties below. Washing her hands she hoped no one else was still waiting. She slowly opened the door and returned to her seat.

The flight landed an hour later and everyone disembarked.

Tomorrow...

Unfortunately it was only Friday. This meant that Gwen had to go to work; thankfully she still had to feed the fish in the morning. Rising early, she skipped her normal toilet. She did her normal routine before heading to Susan's. Gwen was full, she had drunk plenty of water last night and her breakfast just added more.

She slunk in and took care of the fish. The kitchen was the destination next; Gwen left her garments on the couch and when she entered the small kitchen was ready for fun. Fridge, sink, toaster, microwave, dishwasher... the choices went on and on. Start simple, the sink was obvious; she scrambled on to the counter and rested her fanny at the edge before she stretched her legs over placing her feet on the far side. Gwen split her legs just enough to see her slit. A quick glance at the flames... the rush was wonderful.

Gwen could not remember when her hobby started; she only knew that after the first time she never looked back. Her own apartment was arrayed for her convenience; she was seldom more than a step away from a vase, bowl, bottle, basin, cup, or other receptacle suitable for filling with fluid. That was the reason she loved having a different apartment to herself...

The sound of her rain hitting the metal filled the apartment; Gwen knew it was her first piss of the day, the heavy scent confirmed it as well as the wild spray. Not wanting to waste it, she closed her muscles and looked around. A small herb garden on the window sill behind the sink was next. It was set in the sink and watered furiously.

Gwen halted again and climbed off the counter. A few steps and she opened the stove. A little extra effort assured that she hit the back of the unit and coated the heating coil in the bottom. She moved again, this time a cabinet opened revealing an ironing board and cleaning supplies. She grabbed a bottle and unscrewed the lid, then another, and another... finally she saw the iron with a funnel next to it. The water chamber was opened and with funnel in place got filled with Gwen's piss.

Putting everything back in order, Gwen heard a clock chime. She was almost out of time; she was almost done too. One last place, it had to be special; she crossed to the fridge and opened the door. It was perfect, there on the shelf, a carton of orange juice. She grabbed it; barely any left. The mouth was opened and held in place right below her muff, it fit in place like it was designed that way. The remaining trickle flowed inside mixing with the juice. It was closed and put back on the shelf. Gwen collected herself and her clothes and left for work.

Elsewhere...

Susan arrived at the facility and met the order manager, a woman in her mid-thirties named Irma. Irma gave Susan a cart tour of the distribution plaza before they adjourned to a small conference room for some fact checking. It was determined that before the order could be verified and shipped they would need to make sure that no pallets had been misplaced. They both climbed back into the golf cart and headed for the far end of the property to search the first warehouse.

It was slow work going pallet by pallet with a hand scanner confirming labels with products. The buildings were not overly large and after only a few hours they were in the third structure. It was now about 10:20AM and Susan was beginning to feel the need for a break. She finished the row and gave a shout at Irma. Susan followed the sound for the source of the reply.

Irma spoke first when they finally met, "Any luck yet?"

"No, not yet... but I guess that is the point, right?"

"Yeah, I suppose so now that you mention it." Irma nodded.

Susan sheepishly inquired, "Uh, actually I need a bathroom, which way?"

Irma's face lost expression, "There is no water to this end of the facility. No water, no bathroom, sorry. Nearest one is back by the conference room."

"Oh well shoot. That's no good." Susan did not have time to start her next sentence.

"You know, all our distribution is sorted over night, SO we are the only two here.

Ummm, if you want I can go work over there and you can finish whatever 'needs done' here." Irma motioned with her head as she spoke about "over there" and put extra emphasis on the "needs done." Susan gave a confused glance. "Just so we can keep working."

Susan finally caught her idea, "Ohhhh. Sure, that sounds like a good idea."

"Right then, I stopped here. I'll head over to the far end of aisle 11. The numbers should pick up from there." Irma explained as she scanned and checked a final pallet.

Susan made a note on her sheet and waited for Irma to vanish. As soon as she was sure Irma was gone, Susan scanned the area. Concrete floors, metal shelving, wood pallets, nothing that offered much in the way of even makeshift creature comforts. After a few more seconds of scanning she figured here was as good as anywhere. She turned to face the way she came from, that way she would not have to worry about avoiding a wet spot to continue scanning. She unbuckled her belt and then her button and zipper.

She lowered her attire together before squatting down. The cold, stark area made it hard to concentrate. Susan stared between her legs and closed her eyes, "It was just like camping. It was just like camping. It was just like camping." She had never been camping but repeated it in her head until she felt the change in her muscles. Then it was arcing away and spreading fast on the hard ground beneath. It echoed so much that she was sure Irma could hear it.

Susan started to get bored with waiting to be done. She looked left and was right next to the SKU for a pallet. She grabbed the scanner and checked the pallet, but she was still going. If she could just stand up she could do at least two more pallets. It dawned on her; she squeezed and was just able to stop her flow. It would not last long, it never did, but she was able to straighten her legs before it gave way. Just like in the plane, with her hands free, the arch was the same and came down a few feet in front of her, impacting at the far end of the puddle.

She smiled, scanned the two SKU's and checked them off her list. Susan was so happy she shook her hips in a little dance; quite forgetting she was peeing. The stream jumped back and forth and sprayed the bottom shelf a bit. Susan did not care anymore, she was finally nearly done and just kept jiggling and swaying till she finished. She fixed her pants, scanned the remaining items, and caught up with Irma.

A little more time passed in silence before Irma spoke up. She was very frank now, "Alright, nothing for it. Sorry, my turn now."

"Ok, did you want me to give you a minute?" Susan asked politely.

"If it is all the same to you, you can stay. No big deal to me, as long as it doesn't make you uncomfortable."

Susan stammered, "Uhh well... well no... I guess it's fine."

Irma was wearing coveralls and quickly slid her arms loose without undoing the catches. She let the coveralls fall to the floor; Irma had on normal panties in a silk pink shade, very similar to what Susan was wearing as well. She lowered them to reveal her apparently trimmed bush, before she sat down on a blank section of low shelf. Susan tried to look busy and still tried to watch.

There was no noise when Irma started. The fact is that Susan would have completely ignored Irma in the act if it were not for her forceful jet. It had started abruptly too; Susan had just looked away to check her sheet and before she glanced back, it was shooting more than half way across the aisle. A guess estimated that to be roughly 7 feet. Susan completely lost track and just observed the clear, slightly whitish flow. It splattered and bubbled at impact with the floor. The whole thing only lasted for 30 seconds, but that was enough.

Irma stood and spoke, "Oh shoot, wasn't thinking. Do I have anything on my ass?" She spun so her surprisingly well toned butt faced Susan; there was a dusty black line across it.

"Yeah, you got a black line." Susan replied.

"Damn." Irma used her hands and brushed herself off, "Did I get it?"

"Yep, at least well enough."

"Thanks." Irma replaced her panties and pulled her coveralls back up.

After finishing with that building they headed back for lunch. The afternoon went much the same, until they located an errant pallet of the requested item at quarter to five. That ended the hunting and after another short meeting, Susan left for her hotel for the night.

Back at the ranch...

Gwen sped home after work. Her bladder was already completely filled. She parked quickly and rushed up the steps to Susan's apartment. Fighting with the door key she hopped from foot to foot. The door finally yielded and Gwen entered the living room. Everything was dropped on the floor, keys, shoes, belt, pants, even panties. There was a trail of items from the front door to Susan's bedroom. Barely across the threshold, Gwen released. Still standing just inside the door her flow fell straight down hitting the carpet with force exceeding gravity alone. Gwen searched as she struggled to close her opening.

The room did not offer as much as expected, it was time to be creative! A decretive pillow was quickly snatched off the bed. The zipper for the case opened and held waiting below her. Gwen relaxed and soaked the pillow and case soundly. She halted and placed the soggy pillow back on the bed. She could take it slower now.

She wandered the room and found the items she had mentally noted the day before. Her next targets would take skill. Several perfume bottles littered the vanity top. She selected several, mostly the ones that noted, "Eau de Toilette," after all toilet was in the name... The openings on these bottles were very small; she would have to be careful. Gwen prepped several by removing the lids and lining them up together.

Taking one in each hand she tried to just trickle into them; unfortunately if it was enough, it was too much. Her spray would shower down and hit the dresser and outsides of the bottles missing the opening. Putting the bottles back down, she stared in thought for a moment. The idea was just like a light coming on! Gwen opened the long top drawer and shifting the contents inside, she lined the bottles up next to each other.

They were now low enough for her to stand over, plus if she missed now the drawer's items would get wet, it was double the fun. She still did her best to aim for the openings and after being satisfied, left her stream to douse the drawer for a few unhindered seconds. She retrieved the bottles and got the mixture of the scents from them as she placed them back on the vanity. Curiosity struck her as she went to close the drawer; she reached in and drew out an item. It was apparently Susan's bras, the blue bra still dripped as Gwen read the size... 34D; a cup size bigger than her.

Playing with the perfume wasted more than anticipated. Gwen guessed she had a quarter left. She moved to hit her other targets. She lay down on the floor and placed her legs in the air against the bed. Moving the decretive skirt that matched the pillow, Gwen began her toilet again. Her pee shot under the bed and could barely be heard as it bounced off of whatever was there.

Gwen loved this position. She had discovered how well it worked when at a sleepover years before. She awoke with the need to go, but she could not remember where her friend had said the bathroom was located. Beyond that, the floor was littered with the other girls who were sleeping too. She had been at the foot of the girl's bed and after some slow moving was able to get herself in a 90 degree angle, just laying on her right side with her butt again the bed. Gwen had lifted the bed skirt and slid down her pajama pants, no panties because it was more comfortable for sleeping. She peed for all she had, when finished she just fixed her pants and drifted back to sleep. From her position she could just lightly smell her deception and it made her smile.

Back in reality, Gwen had nearly forgotten she had one other spot! She got up quickly and hopped over the bed. There on the floor, was a stuffed monkey. It was immediately nuzzled into her bush and she rubbed it back it forth so the fur teased her opening. A few small forced squirts and she was done. She dried herself with one of the monkey's ears and headed back to the living room.

She dressed as she went, reversing the trial of articles. Reaching out, Gwen got the mail from the box as her stomach growled loudly. The mail went on the same pile before

Gwen left to fix dinner in her own apartment.

Night visit...

Gwen was sleeping soundly. She WAS sleeping, now she was awake. Her need to pee had disrupted her. She blinkingly opened an eye and glanced at the clock, 3:02AM. She rolled over and tried to ignore it, tossing this way and that throwing around her covers. Just as she would drift off again, her eyes would open. Continuing to fight she rolled onto her stomach; with her face buried in her pillow she thought she finally beat it. Gwen shifted her leg and the ache returned... no good. With one eye she looked again at the clock, 3:13AM. Even though it felt like forever, it had barely been ten minutes.

She chucked her pillow across the room as she threw off the covers and sat up on the edge of the bed. Gwen loathed having to get up to use the bathroom; sometimes she wished she could just wet the bed. The aftermath was never as appealing as the accommodation. The idea struck her, if she had to use the bathroom, it did not have to be her own! Crossing the room, she stepped into her slippers and headed for the kitchen. Susan's key was there on the counter; she scooped it up with her own and headed for the door.

Gwen cautiously cracked her door and peeped outside. The landing was empty, not that she was expecting anyone, but better to play it safe. She closed her door behind her and the chill of the night became a factor. Her attire was not proper for being outside. Normally she wore a very sheer, transparent teddy and no panties

; this was best for her because she usually got very warm while sleeping. Gwen had several of them in various colors and rotated through them almost year round. However in early September in the 3 o'clock hour of the morning it was cold.

She tip-toed down to Susan's door and did her best to quietly get inside. Once in, she shivered; it seemed partly from the cold and partly from her need. Heading down the short hall she found the bathroom, it was exactly across from the single bedroom she had been in early that day. Gwen clambered onto the sink leaving her slippers below. With some effort on the little area she managed a squat. She looked forward at her reflection in the mirror. Squatting was not a very flattering position... despite that; she agreed that her body looked pretty good even with the lack of exercise.

Her nipples could be seen clearly through the fabric and were still stiff from the trip over. The teddy that barely covered her butt when standing was bunching around her waist, leaving her completely exposed below. Even when it hung properly she was always visible... the material did not leave anything to the imagination. On her reflection she saw her tortured tattoo.

It was interesting to see in reflection. As she studied it, the trigger in her flipped as expected and she began to pee. The golden flow could just be seen in the low light.

Gwen loved the sound it made as it trickled down the drain. Her legs were starting to cramp at her knees. She leaned forward and rolled her pelvis back; the arc left the basin and crossed the small top area before falling behind her on the foot shaped floor mat and tile below. This lasted for a few seconds before she realized that her slippers were probably awash with her piss too.

She ceased with no effort and turning, climbed off the sink. Sure enough, her poor purple bear feet were drenched. "Shoot. Going to be a squishy walk back," she muttered. She knew there was nothing else to be done and set her sights back on fun. Gwen closed the seat on the toilet and removed the knick-knacks from the tank top. She put the tank lid on the floor and with one leg on the seat she jockeyed into position. Her stream shot forward and began mixing with the tank water. This had been one of her dreams, she thought about trying it with her own stool, but the thrill never seemed the same. The tank water was just barely changing tint when Gwen decided that she should move on to her last destination. She replaced everything as she had found it and grabbed the trash bin. It was placed on the still closed seat and she straddled it and the toilet together before she released again.

Discarded tissues and other things absorbed the fluid as it pattered down amongst them. The flow dropped and was gone only seconds later. Gwen shook a little to drip dry and then washed her hands. She picked up her slippers and carried them to the door before putting them on her feet. Leaving the apartment, she locked the door and tip-toed back to her door. Each step she took made a squelching noise and she could feel the warmth of her urine on each toe. Back inside her own living room, she kicked off the slippers again. Gwen made a dash for her bed; under the covers she was warm and asleep again in minutes.

Surprise!...

Susan had the option to stay another day before returning home. It was customary for her company to spring for a weekend stay over for the first trip. It was a kind of, "Thank You." However, Susan did not want to stay any longer. She wanted to get home and relax in familiar surrounding before heading back to work.

She had gone out on Friday evening after finishing at the distribution facility. It was a celebration for her first trip being her first success. While bar-hopping, she got tangled up in a group that kept her out till very late. A good time was had by all, but it made for an odd situation.

They had been at the same club for some time, three women, two guys, and Susan. One of the girls had been chatting with her at the bar before she was invited to join the rest of the crew. Various members of the group would disappear and reappear with drinks, always providing one for Susan as well.

Around 1:45AM, one of the guys said his goodbyes and pleasantries before staggering off for the door and leaving for the night. The drinking continued and conversation was light because of the loud music. After another two hours the remaining folks headed for the door as well. Susan was invited to come along and dizzily made her way out with them.

Now on the street they were talking loudly and causing a general ruckus as they stumbled down the sidewalk to some yet unknown destination. Less than a block down, one of the girls drug another into an alley. As Susan watched, it was obvious this was a bathroom for them. The three girls squatted together and the guy stood watching intently.

Susan was drunker than she usually cared to be... but she needed to pee too. She lifted her skirt and dropped her panties

. With one hand on the wall as balance, she braced herself and began peeing over the brick wall in front of her. Her head was swimming, but Susan knew the feeling and the sound. The guy made some comment about her still being standing. In her inebriated state all she could hear was her relief. As she finished with a few erratic bursts; she asked, "Anyone have a tissue?"

The reply she received was, "I've got you covered."

The normal sense of relaxation that Susan usually felt after emptying her bladder was now making her light-headed because of the alcohol. In her dazed state she felt something brush her clit. Two or three more times, then a sudden realization sobered her for a moment. She glanced down to confirm her suspicion... there was one of the girls, with her head between her thighs. The strange sensation had been her tongue!

Susan startled back, her skirt still lifted and red lace panties just below her knees.

"Mmmmm, you still taste sweet. How old did you say you were?"

"I didn't. I don't want you to get the wrong idea..." Susan quickly answered before she was cut off.

"Gina. My name is Gina."

Looking just past Gina as she began to stand, Susan saw the guy busy relieving himself on the other two girls. They had both taking down their tops and were lapping at his cock as it streamed over their faces and breasts. Gina spoke again interrupting Susan's gaze, "You see I don't really go for 'ALL THAT.' Curt doesn't have anything I want. You however... I could eat and drink you AAAALLLLL NIGHT."

Gina came forward quickly and knew exactly what she wanted. One hand went between Susan's legs and started massaging lightly, the other hand was at Susan's breast and was squeezing and lifting in time with the other hand's motion, and Gina's tongue was in her mouth swirling round her own tongue; the tongue ring providing extra stimuli that was unfamiliar to Susan.

She had a boyfriend... Well, "had" was the proper term. Susan broke up with him about two months before she moved. There had been nothing since then, but she knew this was not what she wanted. Susan broke away from Gina, "No, I'm not a lesbian."

"Neither am I. I just only have sex with women." Gina curtly remarked.

Susan put her clothes back in order as they argued. "I'm sorry if I made you think~ I've got an early flight... I'm just going to go." Susan turned and dashed out of the alley and down the sidewalk. As she rounded the corner of the next building she saw a cab and quickly flagged it down. Climbing into the cab, she could just hear Gina yelling at her, "Run on home, LITTLE MARY!!"

Safely on the way back to the hotel, Susan dozed off. She awoke to the sound of the cabby opening the door, "We-e's heer Layde." Susan paid the ridiculous fair and took the stairs to her room. Susan stripped naked and packed her suitcase before she headed for the shower.

The water rained over her, calming her nerves and clearing her head. Once she was finally comfortable she did her normal routine. With loofah in hand and lathered, Susan cleaned herself. The loofah felt comforting and as it brushed her clit felt warm. It was soft and rough; Susan's core tingled every time it went past.

She had not masturbated in years, but she was now. The arousal was uncontrollable; she was almost at orgasm before she even touched her breasts. In her brain it felt like suns exploded... Susan kept going. One more, she needed one more; after three she was still repeating the same mantra.

As reality stopped swirling around her after number five, exhaustion set in. She yawned widely and shook her head. Turning off the water she climbed out and began drying herself. The towel was making it hard to resist one more, but she dressed in her pajamas and after she brushed her teeth, collapsed into bed and was instantly asleep.

Home early...

It was Saturday. Gwen wanted to play all day in Susan's apartment, but she had errands to run. She went over and fed the fish before heading out. New shoes were first on the list. Gwen was not a typical girl when it came to shoes, she owned four pair total. She had a pair for work, a pair for general wear, a pair of sandals for summer, and the fourth was her purple bear slippers.

She did enjoy shopping for shoes and there were several places she was going to visit. The first place was a bust, the second was the same, at the third she found a nice pair that she picked up, the fourth was a bust again, and the fifth netted her another pair making her hunt complete.

Gwen loved shoe shopping for a couple of reasons; Short skirts, no panties

, and attendants that would do anything for her once they found that out. The fact that she had to visit five different places was an absolutely coup. The carwash was next. Again good service hinged on her giving a "good tip." Groceries were the last stop, but a bathroom break was in order first.

She parked her car and headed for the building, instead of heading inside Gwen walked the length of the building and ducked around back. Looking around cautiously for any delivery truck or employees on break she made her way to the service door. Taking her position right under the camera she squatted and gave a good show.

The large sunglasses she wore assured that she could not be identified; they were only kept around for this business anyway before being stuffed into the bottom of her purse. She liked going for the camera, it was the privacy of no one around and the arousal of knowing that the security crew would be replaying it for the next few days.

Shopping done, Gwen decided to pick up some food on the way home and treated herself to a drive-thru burger, fries, and large soda. She returned home and stored her wares before sitting down with her food and a book. She munched with one hand and held the book in the other, her reading glasses perched carefully on her nose.

Hours passed and she glanced at the time. The mail had been by so she decided to break. She left her glasses on and went to get her own mail. Task completed, she acquired Susan's key and went to collect that mail as well. Inside the apartment, Gwen put the mail on the pile before turning to leave.

On her way back through the living room she could hear the fish tank filters burbling in the quiet room. Apparently with the filters running nonstop the water tended to evaporate from the tank. Susan had mentioned something about before she left and said that a few glasses of tap water would fix the issue.

Back in the kitchen, Gwen hunted for a glass while the tap ran in the background to warm slightly. The sound was making it hard to search... the soda had made its way through her system. A sudden thought rushed through her mind; could she dare? Opening another cupboard displayed a full array of cups, but she was not looking at that anymore. The tap in the kitchen was off again and Gwen was standing in the living room staring at the tank.

She would need a chair. That was the only way it would work, the tank was at least 20 gallons and stood 4 feet high. A chair was lifted and taken to the side of the tank. Gwen climbed up and removed the lid from the tank. She lifted her skirt and bowing her knees leaned forward. The configuration made it harder than expected; either that or the butterflies of anxiety had finally caught up to her. This was far and above the naughtiest thing she had ever dreamed of doing.

Gwen took some deep breathes and closed her eyes... Oh, how that gushing sound helped! Creeping one eye open, she saw her water pouring into the tank. The fish would swim near it, then dart away quickly. Gwen laughed out loud and did her best to chase a yellow one with her stream.

The front door swung open. Gwen was paralyzed, there stood Susan! "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! I didn't know you wore glasses? ARE YOU PEEING ON MY FISH!?!?"

Gwen cut her flow and hopped off the chair, "Oh GOD, PLEEEEAAASSSSE don't be mad!"

Susan did not know what to feel, shock was the only emotion she could recognize. Anger, logic, and curiosity... All three were fighting it out for control of her brain. She stared blankly as Gwen pleaded with her. Susan crossed the room and plopped on the couch, still staring without seeing.

Gwen rushed to get her luggage and close the door. As she moved about the room she inquired, "I didn't think you were getting home till tomorrow?"

This question finally broke Susan and she answered immediately as if nothing was awry.

"I was, but decided to come back early to relax at home tomorrow."

"Oh, well that makes sense."

"But then that means I would have never known you peed in my tank."

Gwen sank. She knew there was no getting around it. She decided to come clean and moving the chair away from the tank sat down facing Susan. Every detail was laid out; Susan went back into shock. Once Gwen finished, she sat looking at Susan.

Susan stared again at her fish, she was not really watching them, her vision was blurred. She sat and processed all that had been said. The more it churned in her brain... the less upset she got. There was a clear line of confusion, if that made any sense it would have helped. Her eyes finally focused and then she turned to see Gwen.

With lightening speed, Susan was off the couch and had closed the distance between them. She was now locked in a passionate kiss with Gwen. Gwen's eyes were as wide as they could go, but she quickly reacted and returned the affection. Susan broke away, breathing heavily she darted her eyes over Gwen's features and then dove back into a new kiss.

Gwen made a gamble and reached to caress a breast. As contact was made, Susan broke away again. "Oh no, I'm still mad at you." Gwen's face instantly showed panic. "It was a LOOONG flight and the cab ride too. I want you on the floor." Susan pointed to enforce her point. Gwen placed her hand on the floor and fell lightly onto the cold hardwood. She unbuttoned her top exposing her bra. Susan was in the process of stripping her jeans and panties off. As soon as all fabric was cleared she commanded, "Open your mouth."

Her mouth now open, Gwen waited for Susan again. Susan reached down and adjusted Gwen's glasses to cover her eyes properly. Taking her newly discovered stance, Susan unleashed her bladder. Her need was evident, Gwen's mouth was overflowing in seconds and Susan moved quickly to aim directly at the girl's lenses. Gwen blinked a few time and deciding that there was no danger, watched the cascade on the other side of her glasses.

Gwen instinctively drank what landed in her mouth. She was not going to tell Susan that this was no punishment for her and savored every second. The shower had subsided and Gwen headed right for the source with her tongue. Not long after the two women were loudly enjoying each other's bodies.

Huddled in the afterglow of multiple climaxes, Susan explained about the strange events of the trip. She could not pinpoint where the change had been made, but suddenly she no longer had the thought that this was wrong. They cleaned up and had one more go around in the shower together. Gwen offered to help clean anything that Susan might want sanitized. Susan accepted her offer and suggested that tomorrow would be a good day for that.

"Would you mind if I invite a friend?" Gwen requested as she was leaving.

Susan easily replied, "Sure, not a problem."

"Oh, thanks. Her name is Abby. I think you two will get along real well."

End

