Evenings at the Diner Spinoff:  Kiki and Her Mother

17th July 2007, 04:36 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

It was long talk that passed into the evening. Kiki had thought that she would be grossed out or uncomfortable, but instead she felt a great deal of sympathy for her mother as she explained. It was a story that went all the way back to before Kiki was born.

"After your father and I got divorced… things changed. The day he left, I was three months pregnant with you, I just lay in bed and cried and cried. I was so depressed that I didn't want to move. I wanted to die in that bed. A few hours passed and I had to pee. But I just lay there and let it happen, all over my panties, my nightgown, my bed. And it was so strange. I felt sort of… comfortable while I peed." Her mother's face was red and Kiki knew she was unsure of her daughter's feelings. "This is grossing you out, I'm sorry."

"No, no, Mom, it's okay. I like this. It's the first time we've talked in a while."

"Well, after that, as I said... things changed. I found that I enjoyed the comfort so much that I tried it again. I was realy pregnant by this time and my bladder wasn't always reliable, anyway. So, if I was in bed and I woke up having to pee, I would just go. Everything got soaked, of course, but I didn't care. And that didn't change after you were born." Kiki's jaws dropped. "I know what you're thinking: She's been wetting the bed all this time? Not necessarily every night, but there have been a few occasions I woke up and didn't feel like making the trip to the bathroom.

"But... wouldn't your mattress be ruined by now?" Kiki asked.

Her mother giggled proudly. "I keep a set of towels under the bed. And I carry them to the dirty clothes in the morning before you wake up." Kiki was astounded. Her mother had just admitted to being a bedwetter and enjoying it.

"But... what I saw you doing earlier... that wasn't because you didn't feel like going to the bathroom." Her mother giggled again.

"Yeah, that. Now that kind of thing is rare for me. I just... when I saw you peeing your sweatpants, I just started to remember again how great it feels to soak my panties

, and I thought since I was wearing a skirt and the floor was wet already, you would never notice. But... you caught me."

Kiki stared at the floor nervously for a second before she asked her next question. "You... you always told me I can tell you anything, right?"

"Of course, hon. I'm your mother."

"What if I told you that wasn't my first time peeing myself?" Her mother's eyes widened.

"Really?" There was a tone of sarcasm in her voice, however, as if she already suspected. "I thought you seemed to be enjoying it a little too much. Did you want to tell me about the other times?" Now Kiki knew, since her mother said "times" that she suspected her daughter of much more than just a few wettings

.

"Um... sure." Kiki made herself comfortable as she and her mother sat on the living room floor. "The other day, while you were out shopping, I was out back on the lawn chair, reading that romance book grandma bought for me." She glanced at her mother who was listening intently. "It was warm out, if you remember, and I just didn't feel like getting up and walking into the house. I had those black shorts on, the really dark sweat shorts, so I started wondering. I looked around to see if Mr. Simmonds was in his yard, or looking out his window, but I think he was gone, too. So, I just kept reading my book and peed through my shorts. After a few seconds of it, I had to put the book down and really enjoy it. It felt so great that I had to go inside later and... you know."

Her mother nodded. "I do. That's the other thing I had to do to get over your father." She winked and Kiki smiled. "So, now we know each other's secret. And you thought we were nothing alike." They both laughed and Kiki's mom patted her shoulder gently. "I have an idea," she said. "Since this is out in the open... let's make a deal. No more hiding. If you feel like wetting, then just... do it. And the same for me."

"But," Kiki mumbled, "the house will be a mess."

"So, let's set some ground rules. No carpet wetting, and we always have to make sure we clean our messes up. I'll buy some protectors for the mattresses and do away with the towel thing. No wetting when company is over, and when we're out, we'll do our best to find a bathroom, okay?"

Kiki was both shocked and touched. "Why are you doing this, Mom?"

"Well, I'm just glad we've found something we both enjoy, even though it is a little out of the ordinary. But peeing is perfectly natural, and it's a private thing. If we keep it just between us, it stays private and we can still enjoy ourselves." They smiled at each other again.

"I think I'm about to test this new idea," Kiki said. "I've got to pee again."

"Well, go right ahead. Just not on my carpet."

Kiki stood up and realized just how badly she did need to go again. She was also surprised that she did not feel embarrassed at all about what she was about to do in front of her mother. She felt calm, confident. Her mother was right: It was great to have something secret just between the two of them. She had never trusted her mother with anything before and somehow this experience was going to set off a wave of trust between them.

"Can I... do it on the couch?" she asked. The living room couch was a shiny black vinyl and Kiki knew it would not be difficult to clean.

"Oooh, good idea. Just don't let it drip on the floor, okay?" Kiki did not answer as she took a seat on the couch so that her bottom was over one of the cracks between two of the cushions. She had removed the sopping sweatpants from earlier, but her soaked panties still hugged her bottom. She felt them ride up a little when she sat but did not care. This would not take long. Almost right away, the front of her panties glistened as she began to pee without restraint into the groove between the cushions.

She found something arousing about the fact that none of her pee was showing on the tops of the cushions but disappearing beneath them. How amazing would it be later to see someone sit there, on the couch, and never know what naughty task she had done. It also felt a bit naughty that her mother was watching, though not sexually, something different. She closed her eyes and moaned as she passed a gentle finger between her legs to feel the soft stream caress her fingertip. After about thirty seconds, relief had finally come as the stream resided to a tiny trickle and eventually stopped.

When she opened her eyes, she was surprised to see her mother sitting on her feet with her knees bent, peeing uncontrollably onto the carpet. She could just barely see the stream under her skirt, but the wet spot was spreading across the carpet under her. The sound of her pee hissing was very audible as it splashed against the carpet and left tiny drops on her legs. She, too, had her eyes closed and was panting restlessly. Kiki knew both of them would retire to their rooms later and take care of another pressing need.

Her mother's flow finally stopped and she opened her eyes again. Kiki crossed her arms. "I thought you said no carpet peeing."

"I know, but..." her mother panted, barely able to speak, "I was bursting and watching you wet made me dribble a little. By then I figured, "What the hell, might as well."

There was a brief moment of awkward silence. "So... what do we do now?" Kiki asked.

"Let's go buy those mattress protectors."

