Wonderful wet day

23rd August 2018, 09:19 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Tonya woke up early and made her way to the kitchen to start the coffee. Both girls were home today but Mike was working day shift. After starting the coffee Tonya made her way to the bathroom, considering chores for the day as she went. Flipping on the light she glanced briefly at the commode and smiled to herself as she felt the familiar twinge in her bladder. She looked at herself in the mirror and couldn't help feeling some pride. Standing there in only a tee-shirt and white panties she looked more like 30 that her real age of 41. To be honest, it was not so much that she worked to look this way as it was the genes she had inherited from her mother. She brushed her teeth and washed her face, feeling the twinge in her bladder more and more while hearing the water run in the sink.

Finishing at the sink she glanced once more at the commode before making her way back to the kitchen for her first cup of coffee. She felt yet another twinge as she poured the coffee and another smile crossed her lips. This was going to be a great day. Taking her coffee Tonya went to the front porch and looked over the railing at the beautiful mountain view the morning sun was unveiling in front of her. She absolutely loved living here. She loved the breathtaking views and she loved the seclusion.

As these thoughts were swirling in her mind she heard splashing and looked toward the birdbath where a red winged blackbird was happily taking its morning bath. Feeling the twinge again, Tonya didn't even think about stopping the flow. Without even changing her stance she released her pee. She watched the bird play in the water and relished the feeling of the warm liquid filling her panties and making its way down her legs to the deck below. Just as the flow stopped, Chastity, her oldest daughter stepped out onto the deck. Tonya felt the same pride she always felt when she looked at her daughters. Both girls were blessed with the same good looks and shapely bodies Tonya had inherited from her mother.

«Good morning», Chastity said to her mother as she strolled over and leaned on the rail beside Tonya. Chastity had noticed the pee still dripping from Tonya's panties but really never gave it a second thought. This was a common occurrence in their house while she and her sister were growing up. Around the house it was not at all unusual for the whole family, including Mike now that the girls were older, to just pee in whatever clothes they happened to be wearing.

More often than not that was only underwear. As the girls got older, this became more and more a sexual turn-on for the sisters. They were now old enough to realize it was definitely a sexual thing for their parents also. Mike and Tonya had consciously decided not to hide their wetting obsession from the girls. It was a major turn on for them both and they continued to play as the girls grew. They never openly brought sexual content into it in front of their daughters while the girls were growing up, but now that they were grown they seldom tried to hide it.

Chastity walked across the deck and leaned over the railing beside her mother almost immediately releasing her morning pee into her panties. Tonya smiled to herself as she felt Chastity's pee splatter on her bare feet. The panties Chastity had on were almost identical to Tonya's, but made of cotton whereas Tonya's were nylon. All three women preferred full cut briefs, usually a size smaller than really should be. Chastity let out a soft moan as she felt the hot pee soaking into her panties and running down her legs. It would have taken little effort to cum right there beside her mother, and it wouldn't be the first time. Chastity knew however, that this was going to be a special day and she wanted to saver every wet moment of it. The girls were both in collage now and this was the first time in over a year that both had been home, spending the whole day outside with their mother. It would be just like it was while they were growing up, wet and wonderful.

Ashley, usually the last one to get up, had just opened her eyes. It took a minute to remember where she was. When the fog lifted and she became aware of her surroundings she instantly became excited. As she rolled over onto her back and lazily stretched she instantly became aware of her need to pee. She grinned and let her bladder relax. It had been almost a year since she had been able to wet her bed and she had gone to sleep looking forward to this very thing in the morning.

The pee flowed from her, soaking her panties and gown. A water proof mattress cover had been every bed in the house for years as the whole family enjoyed bedwetting on occasion. Because of this the pee formed a puddle under Ashley's butt and soaked her gown nearly all the way up her back. She couldn't resist feeling her young pussy through her wet panties. The temptation was to strong. Putting her hand inside her panties and feeling the pee gush out, Ashley brought herself to her first climax of the day just as her flow subsided.

Coming back down to earth Ashley lay in the puddle for a few more minutes then got to her knees and carefully pulled the dripping gown over her head. Having years of practice, she was able to accomplish this without getting her hair wet. She really didn't want to shower this morning. She dropped the wet garment into the puddle in the middle of her bed and gingerly eased off the bed. Knowing she would be a wet mess this morning, she had prepared by bringing a couple of towels to her room the night before. As was the house rule, after drying herself with one of them, Ashley made a bundle of the wet sheets the towel and gown then carried them to the laundry room to be washed later. After a visit to the bathroom where she took a sponge bath, and grabbing her first cup of coffee she joined her sister and mother on the deck. The only article of clothing she was wearing was the pair of white panties that just minutes before, she had peed and cum in.

Tonya and Chastity had moved from the railing and were now setting at the small table talking and enjoying their coffee. Ashley joined them, sprawling in a chair to bask in the morning sun. Tonya took in the sight before her. Her in a pink tee-shirt and panties, Chastity, wearing panties and a little white sleep top, her breast clearly visible through the sheer materiel, Ashley with only the panties. All three with panties thoroughly soaked with their morning pee, and they had not even finished their first cup of coffee. This was truly going to be a wet and wonderful day.

