Peeing in the field with our teacher!

2nd April 2007, 01:32 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

This story is a follow up to "Our teacher peed for us!" But you don't have to read that to understand it!

Miss Hardy looked out of the window of the minibus, enjoying the beautiful view of the sea in the warm morning sunshine. She felt good. Before the summer break, she'd been appointed head of science and humanities at a prestigious boy's school in the south of England, following a hugely successful time tutoring the lads for their science GSCEs the previous year..

As head of the department, she was expected to set up field-trips for the student body, and for her first one, she'd decided to arrange a geography trip to the Dorset coast in the south of England - the so-called "Jurassic" Coast.

The minibus was taking them to a sheltered cove about 12 miles down the coast from where they were staying, so that they could walk back to the hotel, studying the beach and cliff formations as they went.

As they arrived at the bay, Miss Hardy and her troop of 8 «A» level (public exams taken in the UK at 18) students tumbled out of the minvan and crowded round her in the car park.

«OK lads. Now you'll remember from last nights briefing, this will be a fairly tough walk: 12 miles, plenty of hills but the views are stunning. Now, does everyone have proper walking boots as well as your drinks and packed lunches?»

They all murmured in agreement and some held up the lunch bags the hotel had provided.

«And very important - has everyone been to the toilet? There's one over there, but it'll be the last one for a while.

Again, mumbled confirmations. And they were off.

Just as Miss Hardy said, it was tough, but the sea views were amazing. After a couple of hours and 3 or 4 steep hills, Miss Hardy shouted for them to stop.

«OK guys, let's have lunch. Make sure you have a good drink. We'll set off again in half an hour.»

They sat down on the grass near the cliff edge enjoying the warmth of the sun and the gentle sea breezes as they ate. Then one of the students called over to Miss Hardy:

«Miss, I need a piss where do I go?»

«What, right now?» She looked around. On one side there was a 200 foot cliff, and on the other farmer's fields as far as the eye could see.

«Well you'll just have to do it by the path.»

John smiled and said simply «OK». With that, he stood by the edge of the field, got out his tool and released. Now, John KNEW that Miss Hardy had a bit of a crush on him. He was a tall, good looking lad of 18, and he decided he was going to enjoy himself! He'd also heard the story of the GCSE science lesson (fortunately, due to their loyalty too her, the story had not been leaked to the other staff).

As he peed, he KNEW she was getting a full view. He positioned himself carefully so that she could see as much as possible, holding his cock on the opposite side from where she was standing.

Miss Hardy, TRIED not to look, but in the end she couldn't stop herself. Since her «session» last year, she'd become fascinated by the whole peeing thing. She'd tried to get her boyfriend into it, but he just couldn't see it. Eventually they'd had a huge argument, and he'd stormed off, calling her a «piss obsessed freak».

So here she was, watching a real guy piss for the first time since she was a kid. Sure, she'd seen the odd guy going in the street. of a Saturday night and seen a few videos, but this was the first time she'd got full view of a guy she knew. She was getting aroused. It was her hard luck that it was a warm day, and she was wearing a lightweight bra and T—shirt. Two distinct points soon appeared on each of her shapely breasts as John's stream left his cock in a thick stream!. Then, to make it worse, 2 other students - emboldened by their colleague - joined him by the side of the path and started to pee! Miss Hardy was now getting horny, watching 3 sexy, 18 year old cocks peeing in front of her. This probably clouded her judgement too, and when one of them suggested...

«Miss, Why don't you come and join us»

...she replied: «Yes, think I will».

She walked over, and - head in a daze of lust and erotic thoughts - undid and kicked off her walking boots, took her trousers and panties off and stood facing the boys, naked from the waist down except for her socks.. She put her legs wide apart, and , making sure they all had a good view, let go.

A powerful jet left her pussy and thundered on to the stony ground, fizzing as it landed. Her lips were now swollen, and she made sure they boys could see this by pushing her hips out, showing her tidily trimmed bush. She blatantly looked at their cocks as she peed, them smiled at each boy as he watched her pissing. And the inevitable started - as each boy finished peeing, his dick stiffened in response to the erotic sight in front of him. And then it happened: John couldn't control himself, and squirted a thick, creamy load of cum onto the ground in front of him, a few mini «after-spurts» following.

This was too much for Miss Hardy. Athough she hadn't touched herself, let alone rub, a strong orgasm ripped through her as her stream ended. Her legs almost buckled under her, and she shivered as her climax washed over her.

Then...reality hit. Going bright red, she quickly put her clothes and boots back on, advised the boys to do the same, and said: «Right, lets get back to the hotel»

Most of the rest of the walk was done in silence, each person too stunned to say much. But as they went to bed that night they all - Miss Hardy included - wanked themself to sleep!

