Susan A Girl That I Had As A Friend Part 2 (Desperation,Wetting, Close Up View)

30th April 2010, 01:04 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I was again working at Susan's house. This time I was working fixing a leaking showerhead in the basement bathroom. It had been one of those days in summer where the weather couldn't make up its mind. You know sunny then cloud over real fast have a hard short shower of rain and clear off again. It had done this outside several times as I worked on the leaking shower.

As I was just finishing up fixing the leaking shower I noticed that the sun was shinning and the sky was completely cleared off after the short shower. I still had my tools all over the bathroom floor and was going to pick them all up when Susan came hurrying into the bathroom. I mean in a HURRY! I HAVE TO PISS! Susan said as she came rushing into the little bathroom. Susan seemed so desperate to go!

I said to Susan; can you wait a moment so I can pick everything up? Susan seeing the tools all over the floor and I had some on the top of toilet tank cover and on its lid told me that she would go outside and piss. If you wan't to watch come with me!Susan spun around started across the basement heading for the door to go outside. She had on a pair of black sweatpants and she had her one hand shoved up into her crotch a she neared the door to go outside.

Susan yanked the door open hard and let it slam back against the wall as she went outside. I was right behind her and I got hit by the door as it swung back. Susan as he hurried now across the first backyard section still had her hand shoved up deep into her crotch now also was bent over slightly as she went across that first section of the backyard.

I was right beside her now as we eneterd the back section of the backyard where now there was cover from the adjoing neighbors houses and yards. The pinic table there had wet spots which were puddles on its table top and the benches too. That was out for as sitting on it for Susan to take her piss. (She had pissed sitting either on its top or sitting on the one of its benches before and so had I.

Susan also liked pulling down her pants or shorts way down when she pissed so now with wet grass she couldn't do that also. So I told her I would sit and sit on my knees and go. Susan was already shoving down her black sweat pants as I said this to her so I sat down right on the wet grass behind her. Susan bent right over now had her black sweatpants shoved down to her sneakers. She now had to pull down the old yellow panties she still had on. She yanked them down just as hard and fast as she did the black sweatpants.

Now I had her small but nice firm well rounded asscheeks almost right in my face and her pussy right there also! :-) Susan was still bent rightover as she started to move to sit on my knees her bladder let go! She wasn't no longer holding herself so she couldn't stop herself from pissing! Since she was still well bent over I aw her piss stream shoot right out from her vagina and go straight right down into her old yellow panties and black sweat pants wetting them in a instant!

Susan froze! She didn't move any further to sit down on my knees! She was looking down and just watched her piss stream shooting down and going all over her old yellow panties and her black sweat pants. Her piss was very yellow in its color so as it wetted her old yellow panties they became a darker yellow where her piss wetted them so they were being stained by her piss.

I'll say this though one good thing that was happening at least for me wth Susan pissing her panties and sweatpants her hard stream was not splattering all that much so none of it was getting splatterd back on me. But with me sitting on the wet grass I would wind up having wet pants in the back of my pants from sitting on the wet grass.

With Susan having to go so bad this piss being so hard as it came out was a short piss. From its start to its finish I would have guessed 10 seconds? Her stream narrowed right off and as it did it hissed only for the few seconds as it narrowed and stopped hissing just before the stream disapeared and Susan had the last of her piss that came out just dribbled and then dripped to a stop. It was all over.

Susan then stood up but looked down at her piss stained,piss soaked yellow panties, and sweatpants for several seconds silently. Then she said softly as she shook her head no; Oh well those panties were old anyway. I can wash the sweatpants. Then she took the sweatpants and the yellow piss soaked and stained panties and took them off. I got up from the wet ground and stood there with her.

Susan now standing there half nude just took the old pair of panties and tossed them into the row of trees that boarded the two sections of the backyard. They got caught on one of the trees lower branches and hung there. Then Susan did turn around and faced me. I could feel now that the back of my pants were wet from the wet ground for my backside was getting much cooler having wet pants and wet boxers.

I rubbed my hands on the back side of my pants. Susan seeing that I was rubbing my pants asked me waht was I doing that for. I smiled. Your'e not the only one that has wet pants! I turned around and showed her my pants whichthey were quite wet. That made Susa forget that she had wet pants for a short moment and she let out a short giggle.

Then right back to about her and what she was going to do. Susan didn't want to put the piss soaked sweatpants back on. She was half nuse and she didn't want to go back through the yard up to the house this way. So she asked me to go up to the house and get her something to cover herself over with. I asked her; Another pair of pants, shorts, and then I thought about putting on pants or shorts and they would smell like piss. So I said how bout one of those big towels you have Susan? You can dry yourself off some and wrap that around you after. Get one! Susan said to me.

So I hurried up to the house went inside the basement and over to where there were towels on the shelf. I grabbed one of the big ones and went right back outside and Gave it Susan when I gt too the backyard where she was standing there. She wrapped it around herself picked up her piss soaked and also now wetted more from the wet grass sweatpants and we walked up to the house and went inside.

Susanonce inside we both went upstairs and to the kitchen where the washer was. Susan dropped the towel forst and threw her black seatpants into the washer. (I smiled getting a view again first her ass and after turning to pick the towel off the floor her pussy!) She tossed that in the washer. Then she turned around again and faced me.

What about you? She asked me. Your pants are wet. Then she let out a little laugh. Your underware must be wet too. Take them off and I'll wash and dry them too. So as I started taking my pants and boxers off for Susan to wash and dry them she started the washer and poured some luandry liquid into it and then turned around again to take my pants and boxers from me.

Now I had gotten erect since when Susan had pulled her sweatpants and panties down out in the backyard. In fact I was so hard my cock was swollen right up the stiffest its ever been! Susa seeing my erect cock stiffly salueting her she let out a good hard short giggle. She even went on and said right then; You know something! I think that's the stiffest I've ever seen you! Pissing wetting my clothes turned you on that much I see!

I said right back to Susan; You might say that! She let out another hard short laugh grabbed my pants and boxers out of my hand and tossed them into the washer and closed its lid. Then Susan said to me; Well we can't stand around here like this both of us half naked! I laughed and said back to her; Why not? Susan let out first a little giggle. Well we could if you want to be caught by my mother! She will be home soon from her work for lunch!

I glanced up at the clock. Susan was right. Her mom would be home for lunch in about ten minutes. So Susan as she left the kitchen told me that her brother mike still had some of his clothes here and she would hunt up a pair of his pants for me. She went into her bedroom first came out a short moment later and she had put on a pair of elastic waisted brown shorts and went towards the livingroom where her brothers Mikes bedroom was off of.

I could hear from the kitchen as Susan was being very noisy as she hunted looking for a pair of pants for me to put on. The minutes were ticking away as Susan hunted arund for a piar of Mikes pants for me. I was getting a little nervous now for Susan's moms time to be home for lunch was getting closer. I couldn't stop the wsher and get my pants from it. They would be soaked and also have suds on them frm the laundry soap.

I was just about to tell Susan that I was going downstairs to the basement. ( At least there I could go either into the bathroom amd wait it out or the other large room there which was the old family room) There I would not be seen when her mom came in. Just as I ws telling Susan I was going down to the basement She yelled out loudly form Miles bedroom; Wait I found a pair of pants!

A few short seconds she was in the kitchen tossed them to me and I put them on. Mikes pants were a little big on my waist and a little short in the legs too but not all that much. At least they wouldn't fall down andI didn't have to hold them up either. Her mom did show up shortly after twelve which she was a little late. Boy was I glad she had! Myface showed it too which Susan saw and she laughed as her mom now was comming up the stars to the kitchen.

She came in said hello to us both. She quickly went around the kitchen making her lunch quickly. I'm running late she said to us as she made up a fast lunch for herself. Then she noticed that the washer was running. Doing some wash Susan? You just did it all yesterday. Oh I missed osme of my clothes yesterday so I'm doing them now Susan said quickly back to her mom. Her mom said ok and then went towards the door saying later as she now had opened it and was going down the stairs. We both said goodbye to her and a moment later we heard the car start and pull away. She was gone.

