Tammy and Scott Continued

11th September 2012, 06:22 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Other than work, Tammy did not Scott for a couple of weeks after that first night together. She may have been feeling a little guilty I think. Our sex life however, had never been better. Even though Tammy did try to slow things down, she and Scott were still messing around at work. Bless her heart she tried to resist him. On their first Monday back at work together, she told him that their date had been wonderful but, it was just a fulfilled fantasy for «us» and couldn't happen again.

The word «us» shocked Scott at first so she went on to tell him how horny I became when she told me the details of their date. Tammy laughed as she as she related this to me after work that day. She said Scott's reaction was totally opposite of what she expected. He took the fact that I knew, and was so turned on from their escapades, as full permission to continue their play.

I had just come in from work and Tammy was setting on the porch sipping wine. She looked so beautiful when she gave me that sweet smile and handed me the bourbon and coke she had waiting for me. I noticed she was still in the dress she had worn to work that day. As she was relating to me the conversation she had with Scott, I was reliving the events of the weekend and becoming quite horny again. Let's face it, it had been on my mind all day and I had been horny all day.

She went on to tell me that she had managed to be busy every time Scott had approached her through the day. She had managed to «be a good girl» until the moment Scott caught her in the hall alone. She said his boldness took her by total surprise and was a total turn on. Before she could say anything he started peeing, absolutely soaking the sweats he was wearing and making a large puddle in the floor. Someone could have come along at any minute and caught him. He then gave her a boyish grin and motioned for her to follow.

When I heard this, I quit thinking about the past and became more focused on the here and now. This was getting good. While Tammy was talking she propped her feet up on the edge of the chair and, spreading her legs, revealed a very pee stained pair of panties. This really came as no surprise, but still, it was a major turn on. The mischievous smile she gave was as much of a turn on as the sight or those stained white panties.

Tammy followed Scott at a safe distance so as not to draw attention to them. She said anybody that would go to those lengths to get her attention deserved it. As she continued the story she began slowly rubbing her pussy through her panties. I heard the dripping on the floor before I saw it. Tammy was rewetting her panties as she played with herself and talked to me. I too started rubbing my cock through my jeans and let just a little piss out into my underwear while she continued the story. Tammy told me she was very concerned that someone would see Scott in his wet condition at the same time strangely wishing someone would.

As luck would have it, just as Tammy thought he was in the clear, the new librarian stepped into the hall from a storage room just outside of Scott's office. Fresh out of collage the pretty black haired girl took a double take at Scott. He never missed a beat. He even stopped a minute taking time to welcome her to the school and telling her to see him if he could be of any help getting her settled in. She thanked him and went on her way not really believing what she had just seen. Scott later told Tammy he had a story prepared if anything ever was said, but it was such a turn on for him. He loved watching the girl's eyes as she kept glancing down at his crotch trying to process what she was seeing.

When the coast was clear she followed Scott into his office. She said she was so turned on she didn't even speak. She pushed Scott down into his chair and pulling up her dress, straddled him. While locked in a passionate kiss she peed through her panties onto Scott's already soaked lap. He rubbed her through her panties as she peed. After she was empty they masturbated each other to climax. The vision of Scott's hand in her panties and her hand around his dick was almost more than I could take. I wanted to see this for myself. I wanted to blissfully piss myself while watching them in action. I wanted to play with her freshly fucked pussy through her panties. I wanted to screw Tammy after Scott had cum in her.

I released the rest of my pee into my underwear and jeans as my mind's eye watched Tammy and Scott together. She smiled sexily as she watched my pee saturate my jeans and run off the chair onto the floor. Tammy continued the story and began rubbing herself in earnest, putting her hand inside her wet panties and fingering herself. As I watched my lovely wife masturbate herself, I undid my jeans and rubbed myself through my wet underwear. As Tammy told the details of how it felt when Scott fingered her, her own hand became a blur in her panties. I filled my underwear with cum as Tammy told me how she had masturbated Scott till shot off in his underwear. I rubbed my cum into the cloth of my underwear as Tammy told me how she had done the same to Scott. As she watched my underwear glisten with cum, Tammy also reached the point of climax, cumming and peeing at the same time.

After a silent minute of recovery we both started talking at the same time. I was starting to say how much I wanted to witness the sight she had just described. She was going to say how much Scotts semi public wetting had turned her on. We both laughed. This was going to be a long and exciting conversation. What a great start to a wonderful evening and I had only been home 30 minutes or so. We decided to get ourselves another drink and settled in on the porch to continue our conversation. I took my boots and shirt off to be more comfortable, but kept my jeans underwear and socks on. Tammy was still in her wet panties but took her dress off and put on a tee shirt.

We talked and peed, peed and talked till late in the night. Never leaving our chairs except to get another drink or snack from the kitchen. By the time the night was over even my socks were soaked. Once more during that night Tammy straddled my lap and soaked us both. Then there was another wonderful climax for each of us as I slowly screwed her while we shared our deepest fanatics. We came away from that night knowing two things. One, our love for each other had never been deeper and, two, our wet life was going to get a lot wetter. Ok, maybe three things. I love the thoughts of being Tammy's cuckold.

