Peeing and showering with Kirsten on a student exchange

11th August 2007, 11:45 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

It was Patrick's first time doing a student exchange.

He was doing a degree in German, and during the summer of the second year, you had to live for a term in a German speaking country with a German speaking family. He'd been placed with family in Bavaria, in a large house, not far from the Austrian border and with stunning views of the alps.

He was greeted at the door by the mother - a kindly hausfrau called Maria who welcomed Pat in and straightaway took him under her wing. The other members of the household were Otto - the father - who worked in Mьnchen, and their eldest daughter Kirsten. She was 22 and studying to be a doctor. The other daughter was in England as part of the exchange.

The first thing that struck Pat was how open and free they were! On his first morning, when he woke up and went to go to the bathroom, the other members of the household were happily walking around in their underwear!

When he opened the bathroom door, he almost stumbled into Otto, standing in front of the toilet having a pee!

"Ah, good mornink Patrick!" he beamed as his stream jetted into the toilet. "Vot plairns haf you for ziss lovely Sadurday morning?"

But Patrick was too embaressed to reply! He walked back quickly to his room saying nothing. He heard Otto calling: "I von't be long Patrick! My vife is using ze toilet in our room, I just hed to pee. A-ha ha."

But Patrick waited till he was sure Otto had finished before carefully venturing back to the bathroom. Once inside he shut the door behind him, and felt for the lock on the door, and...Oh! there wasn't one!

But needs must, and Patrick got his toilet bag out, put it by the basin and started to do his teeth. He'd just got going when the bathrom door opened and Kirsten walked in. Instead of excusing herself to leave, she put her towel on the bathroom chair and started chatting.

"Oh hi Patrick, did you have a good sleep?"

"Yes, fine, the bed was...." His voice tailed off. Kirsten - without a word - had taken off her robe and hung it on the back of the door. Naked as the day she was born, she sat on the toilet, her legs slightly apart.

"The bed was...OK?" she ventured, looking at Patrick quizzically. Then he heard the unmistakable sound of pee hitting water.

"I always liked that bed" she continued as she pissed. "I sometimes use it when I come home".

Patrick was dumbstruck. Was this how they normally did things over here?? Or had he joined a house of naturist pee loving hippies?

"Errr, yes, very comfy" he mumbled.

Kirsten, her pee complete, stood up and continued. "Now I shower. You want to shower too?"

"Er....yes, but you go first".

"Oh", she said, looking slightly disappointed. "We can go both. It's very big. Look."

She beckoned Patrick over. It was indeed a big shower. Plenty big enough for 2. So thats how they did things here...

"But I need to pee first." said Patrick. It was true! He hadn't yet had his morning pee, and his bladder was bursting, made only the worse from seeing Kirsten pee. He wasn't sure quite how to handle this. should he just go over and pee now? Or wait till Kirsten was under the shower? But Kirsten made the decision for him.

"You can do it in the shower. I normally do, but thought it polite to chat with you."

"Oh..."

"Come" she said taking Patrick by the hand. He was starting to wonder if this was all a dream, and at this moment he was in fact still in bed, making a gooey mess on the sheets...But it all seemed pretty real. Well, in some ways anyway!

"Put your clothes here" she said patting a wide pine shelf next to the shower. Patrick was getting a little concerned. He could tell he was already slightly erect. What guy wouldn't be, given the events of the last 5 minutes! His tightish shorts - and his need to pee - were keeping him under control for the moment. But he knew as soon as he took them off, things would pop out!

Kirsten noticed his hesitation, then grinned. "I will be like mother, yes? I will help you." she walked over to the now frozen Patrick, stood in front of him and grabbed the bottom of his white T shirt with both hands.

"Arms up" she instructed. Patrick did as he was told, and seconds later he was denuded of his T-shirt.

"Now these?" she said pointing at his shorts and raising her eyebrows.

Was this a wind up? wondered Patrick. Was she going to point at a hidden camera in a minute, and collapse laughing?

But he let Kirsten carry on anyway. She squatted in front, put her fingers into his waistband on either side and pulled down. As Patrick feared, his cock popped out, distinctly swollen and twitching with every pump of his heart.

"Wow, you have big penis, yes?" She took it in her hand. "It is..how do you say..hart?"

"Hard" corrected Patrick.

"Mmmm" she said with a grin. Then stood up. "Now we shower."

And so saying, led Patrick into the shower, and turned the water on. She handed him a soap, and cautiously he started lathering up.

"You still need to peepee?" She asked. "Here" She put her hand on Patrick' hips and manouvered him over a drain hole. He was bursting, but the oddity of the situation made him hesitate.

"I need to do a little more now". She stood over the same spot, and pulling her lips apart, let go some more pee. Patrick's head was swimming. Here he was standing in front of an exquisite, naked, pissing, german girl in a shower. Was this the afterlife? But his bladder was fit to burst.

"You go now?" she asked.

Pat didn't answer. He just relaxed his urinary sphincter. A rod of pee shot out, not into the drain, but onto Kirsten's legs!

"Oh! Look I'm sorry" trying to point it down.

But she laughed. "Here, let me." She reached forward and took hold of his penis. pushing it down towards the drain as the urine burst out of his rod.

As his bladder rapidly emptied, his cock started equally rapidly to fill. By the time he was empty, he was standing firm, and pointing straight out.

"I see you enjoyed that" she giggled, her rich Bavarian accent intoxicating Patrick. She held his thick cock in her hand and gave it a squeeze.

They both stood in silence for a few moments, then Kirsten let go and announced. "OK, now I see boyfriend." and with that, walked out of the shower, put her gown on and left the bathroom.

A by now, a gobsmacked Patrick climbed out of the shower, and looked at himself in the full mirror.

"What the fuck was that all about?" he said aloud to himself.

This was going to be a hell of a summer!

