The Cabin - Part 2 of 2

2nd July 2018, 02:30 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

The Cabin (continued)

###

++++ Part 2 of 2 continued from: $t=61466

This story contains wetting, masturbation, golden shower, lesbian and body odor fetish themes. If you are into that, please read on... ++++

It was about mid-day and I walked out onto the back patio and then down on the trail toward the pond in back. Frogs were conversing, birds were chattering and tweeting as if they never cared. They were here in this peaceful place.

As I walked back toward the cabin I saw a woman walk up to the trail. My heart jumped and I felt my face get hot. She smiled and waved and she was older than me, maybe 40s, but had a very nice body, almost jet-black hair, and youthful, smooth complexion, with deer-like brown eyes and pouty lips. She looked latina, but slightly english- an odd mix of traits what made her seem exotic but familiar. I immediately felt comfortable seeing her. She said, with a smile, 'Hey neighbor, remember me??' "I don't think so," I said. She said, "I used to see you, your aunt and uncle and your sister come out here when you were younger...you probably don't remember me...I'm Gretchen," as she held out her hand as if to greet me, "You're Jessica, right?" I said, "Yes- Oh, I think I remember, you were the one with all kinds of candy!!! So nice to meet you (again), (laugh)", I said.

Within about a minute, her eyes got more intense as she looked at me, and I felt my face get hot. I felt creeped out in a way, but also really intrigued. I also smelled quite bad by now, and I didn't know if I should say something... she started to make small talk, talking about how she lives alone now and how her husband left her for his secretary. I felt bad for her. She seemed too happy about it though, as if she had time to get over things. But I noticed that she kept wanting to come closer to me and talk more and more, and by now she certainly had to know that I was not 'fresh,' and I told her that I am probably gross as I have been out here without a shower.

She looked at me almost as if she knew what happened, and she said "oh, you are not gross, Jessica. You are natural, and I think it is awesome!," she said with a really big smile and almost a wink. She said, "I tend to get sort of gross out here, but there is nobody around to care... So you and I can be eewy together!! laughs," she said. I laughed and sort of felt my bottom half melt a little. If she 'liked' how I smelled, I can only imagine what she is thinking. I suddenly found myself getting atrracted to her eyes and I kept staring at her hips and butt. She was wearing very tight cargo pants stained with dirt and her camisole top was stained with mud. She looked dirty and I started to smell an underarm or sweat smell from her was she got closer, and I found her to be even more attractive. I lost the embarassment I had for peeing myself. But I didn't tell her about that.

She asked me if I wanted to hang out with her this afternoon or evening. I suddenly knew that it was probably not just the friendly neighbor saying 'hi' anymore. I said, "Just you and I??" She said, "Yes. Is that ok with you?" I said, "yes, I'd like that." Her face sort of relaxed and she looked like she was smiling in her eyes, but not smiling with her mouth. I can come to your cabin if you'd like. I immediately said "Sure." But then I realized I still had my old wet air bed there. I told her I just need to make some calls and get a shower, and come over in like 30 min. She said, "Oh dont worry about showering, I'm not..." I said "ok," and then I sort of hid the bed in the other room, and waited for Gretchen. Like clockwork, she was there at my door and she had a bottle of wine and candy. She said, "Well this time around I can give you wine AND candy...laughs..." I laughed a bit too, but by this time, my mind raced, and I felt myself get hot inside my smelly clothes.

She poured wine and the hours flew buy as we laughed and talked about our lives. After 2 glasses of wine, I found myself getting flirty with her, and she didn't mind. She flirted back and things got very obvious when she looked at me and asked me if she could kiss me. She said "can I kiss you? I mean, it doesn't have to be on the lips, I just like you and I want to kiss you..." My face felt hot, and I started to feel my heartbeat get faster and I just said "yes, Gretchen, you can kiss me." This was like a surreal fantasy and she was holding me, smelly and even a little wet from sweat. Her camisole top was wet with sweat and I smelled a slight urine odor from her also. Could she, I thought? Does she wet herself too? Her breath smelled like fruit and wine and as her lips approached mine, I put my lips near hers and we started to kiss- first lightly and then heavily. I felt my pussy start to swell. I was feeling turned on. I wanted to let it all go and be with this stranger.

The kissing became caressing, and touching. Gretchen and I were breathing heavily and I put my hand on her lower back and reached into her pants and felt her bottom. As my hands came back up I brushed my hair aside and I smelled her body on my fingers and it smelled a mix of sweat, urine and bottom and it was natural and sexy. She took her camisole top off and she was wearing no bra. She took my tank top off and I took my pants off. At this point, she would know that I peed myself, but something just felt comfortable with her about it. She took off her pants and we stood up and kissed and fondled each others pussies, butts and breasts and kissed more, with our tongues.

She asked me if I have a bed, and I told her I have an old air bed. She said ,"thats ok.." But I had to tell her what happened now. It was point of no return. Before I could even say anything, she said "oh, I pee my pants too, hon. I do it all the time. Your secret is my secret. I'd do it right here if you were into it..." My heart just dropped and then I knew that I needed to invite her to my peed air bed. I told her that I pee myself to relieve stress and I also have trouble holding it, and that I wet the bed last night. She told me she wears adult diapers sometimes as she pees her bed. She said, "so what, if your bed is peed...you and I are already eeewy, we can just pee in the bed together...you want to? Have you ever wanted to pee with a woman?" I didn't say anything but a breathy "oh my god..., oh my god...yes." I started crying. She said "its ok hunnie...you want this don't you?" I said "yes...yes!"

We went to my air bed that still had a pee smell, but it was partially dry. She laughed and said, "yeah you weren't kidding..you went in bed, hunnie...I think that's so hot! mmmm." We began to kiss and we just rolled in the air bed and she took off my wet urine soaked panties. I told her, " I probably smell like a toilet..." She said "omg, i don't care, hunnie- i like this smell..." Let's just feel good. She went down on me and her tongue navigated my folds and she settled on my clit. I felt myself orgasm within a minute. We then 69-ed and I went down on her. Her pussy was hairy, and had a strong smell of urine and I found myself intoxicated by this woman's smell. I licked her clit for what seemed like an hour. We both orgasmed.

The wine was hitting me badly and I felt myself start to leak, and I told her I can't hold it anymore. She then straddled over my breasts and peed a large yellow gush of urine all over me. I then started to pee also. I peed with such force that it srayed up toward her body. She then said "Would you pee on my boobs and face?" I then straddled over her and let loose on her. We peed and peed all over each other and the smell of our urine was so strong and sexual and I had 3 or 4 more orgasms.

We eventually held each other in our soaked bodies and bed and started to doze off. We then realized we needed to clean up, but she asked me, "If I didn't want to clean up, would you still want me in the morning?" I told her "yes." We then changed then sheets but didn't shower. When we woke up, we both smelled like each other's urine and we kissed and then 69-ed and tribbed all morning and peed in the changed sheets. We finally showered together, had breakfast and then I realized that I was having feelings for Gretchen. The "cabin is only an hour away," I said. She said "I want you Jessica...please don't be away long, ok?" I said "Ok..." This was the start of my ultimate fantasy turning into reality...

