Another dream

3rd March 2009, 12:24 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

As promised, another dream I had. The first one can be seen here &&.

###

The trees filter the sunlight into splotchy green. The sun must be bright, but it's hard to tell right here. I can tell that it's hot and humid. There are a lot of evergreen trees about, and I didn't know that they grew in places where it gets this hot. This bothers me more than the fact that I don't know where I am or how I got here.

I pick a direction and begin walking in it, although I don't think I have anywhere to go or any reason not to stay here, other than a general aversion to not doing anything. There are no sounds, other than those I make walking; no wind, no insects or animals, no indication that the place is other than completely deserted. The heat becomes oppressive, so I take off the flannel shirt that I wear unbuttoned over my t-shirt, hang it carefully on the branch of a tree I'll never find again, and walk on. After an unknown amount of time, I do the same with my t-shirt. This doesn't help as much as you might expect.

Presently, I come to a large clearing, and in it are the first signs of life that I've seen so far, with the exception of the trees. A volleyball net is set up in the middle and about it, a large group of at least 50 people running about it in all directions are playing some sort of unfamiliar game involving baseball bats and a pair of pink, grape-fruit-sized balls attached like a model of an oxygen molecule. The players are mostly young ladies, with a few men here and there. All have dark-tanned skin where it's showing, and all are wearing bathing suits of various styles: among the females I see bikinis so tiny that their owners appear from a distance to be completely nude, right next to 19th century-style throat-to-ankles bathing dresses; and everything between.

There is a pause in game-play, and after a moment, it becomes clear that this is occasioned by one of the players, a brown-haired lady probably in her twenties, having been hit on the head by a bat. The injured party is dazedly clutching her head with one hand while several people attempt to help her sit down while talking loudly and getting in each other's way and generally not helping anything. I form the impression that the guy in the red swim trunks is apologizing to her &#8213; perhaps it's the bat slung over his shoulder that did the damage &#8213; but I don't know why I think this because I don't understand the language he's speaking; it sounds rather like Italian spoken with a British accent using Japanese words.

While this is going on, I happen to turn my head slightly left and I see a lady in a two-piece swimsuit of a garish pink colour that ought to be banned in civilized society (for clothing use, anyway), and holding a bat. I think she's waiting rather impatiently for the game to resume. She's facing me, but, like everyone else here, I don't think she's seen me yet.

When it becomes clear that the interruption could last for a while, she sighs and sets her bat down by her feet, then casually pulls the crotch of her swimsuit to one side, letting out a tuft of black fur. I'm too far away to see her pussy in any detail, but somehow I do anyway. With two fingers, she pulls her pubic skin upward, opening and showing off her vagina; then begins to piss a stream that goes straight out in front of her, before arching down to create a puddle in the dust. I stare, and my penis hardens. It's too beautiful to look away from. It takes her about twenty seconds to fully empty herself. Then, the stream dies away abruptly. She shakes several drops off herself, then covers her pubis again.

I glance about. To judge by the expressions of her companions, I am the only one who thinks this is at all out of the ordinary. In fact, just beyond her, a girl in a black single-piece suit is squatting and passing water directly through the crotch while casually leaning a bat against her shoulder, not caring that it gets all over her shapely, bare feet. A fellow with curly brown hair has pulled his penis out through the button-fly of an old fashioned swim-suit &#8213; the sort that might be mistaken for long underwear except that it has no sleeves and terminates at the knee &#8213; and is standing right beside the squatter, casually creating a puddle that soon joins hers. The injured lady, who has now been assisted to a seat on a boulder out of the main playing area, slides her neon-green bikini-bottom down to her knees and allows pee to dribble out of her and down the rock to the ground.

Not entirely certain what I am doing, I step forward out of the trees. Despite the brightness of the sun out here, a cool breeze that I didn't notice before makes the temperature much more pleasant than it was before. As I walk into the game area, some people glance at me, but nobody seems to find my presence intrusive.

The injured lady's health properly seen to, many of the players pick up bats and search for the pair of balls and generally make preparations to return to their play. Not wanting to get in their way, I continue walking out of the other edge of the pitch in the direction of what I now perceive to be a grassy area; and I am not alone, for a small group consisting entirely of ladies abandon the game, most taking bats with them, to lounge upon the grass, chattering together. I join them, and am greeted with what sound like pleasantries in the same bizarre language. I respond appropriately in English and, though I am surely just as unintelligible to them as they to me, I feel welcomed. I idly watch the now-resumed sport and listen to the unknown conversation about me.

After a few minutes of this, the green-eyed lady on my right rises and casually removes a sky-blue, thigh-length bathing-dress which she folds neatly beside her on the grass, without pausing in her conversation. Despite the modesty of her garment, her skin is smoothly tanned over her entire body, all of which is now visible to me. She re-seats herself with her legs spread apart, not caring that I can see her close-cropped, dark brown pubic hair and delicate vagina lips, and lets out a thin stream of colourless urine, which disappears into the grass inches from its source. I try to avoid staring openly, but when she glances up and catches my eye, I think I've been caught. But, instead of being annoyed, she smiles amusedly and begins to rub her clitoris with her right index finger.

I've never been the guy whose presence causes ladies to start compulsively masturbating &#8213; they've been known to quietly excuse themselves and leave when I enter a room &#8213; but at the moment, I have no doubt that she's thinking about me. I get my pants off faster than might be expected and stand, as naked as the lady, my penis hard and pointing straight. Her friends seem more interested than disapproving.

There are now only a few drops of pee coming from her sex. I lie down on my belly and examine that area more closely, gently pushing aside her hand. She's wet, whether from pee only, or from other fluids I cannot tell. I gently push a finger between the petal-soft lips, and am rewarded when she wriggles and gasps slightly. I remove the finger and replace it with my tongue, tasting the vaguely-salty flavour of her pee, which quickly gives way to the sweet essence oozing from her love tunnel. I lick it repeatedly, moving my tongue up and down the slit.

I am startled to feel a hand lower down my body attempting to work its way between my belly and the ground I'm lying on. I roll onto my side and turn my head to look in that direction, and discover that the blonde lady who had been seated behind me has discarded her two-piece bathing suit and is now attempting to get a hand on my penis. I apprehend this in a few seconds after which the green-eyed one moves to follow me, restoring her pudendum to its previous position in front of my face. As I continue to lick it, I feel the blonde lady begin to stroke me with a gentle hand. It feels heavenly. I lick faster, and use my left index finger (my right hand now being pinned beneath my body) to attend to her clitoris. She squeals at this and, yelling loudly in her own tongue, jerks against my face. She then subsides away from me, lying quiescently on her back.

The hand is removed and I glance down to see what's the matter as the blonde, frigging herself pretty continuously, says something I don't understand while pushing against my right thigh. I obligingly roll over onto my back and the lady straddles me and guides my turgid penis into the mass of unruly, black fur between her legs. The warm, wet sensation that envelopes me almost makes me come instantly, but I hold off. She wastes no time, but immediately begins to fuck me in earnest, her large breasts bouncing up and down above me, largely obscuring her face. We're both gasping, and she is crying out, &#8220;Hai, hai, hai,&#8221; in time with her bouncing movement.

I want to play with the firm breasts, but they keep bouncing out of my reach; so I put my hands on her ass instead, and massage each buttock with my fingers. Waves of pleasure radiate through my body. Suddenly, she screams, &#8220;Hai!&#8221; extra loudly, arches her back, and tightens herself around me. At the same moment, she lets loose with a pressurized stream of piss that sprays all over my belly, much of it bouncing off, generally going everywhere. This surprises me, and with an odd sort of strangled cry, I go off, repeatedly shooting my seed inside her, as the world explodes into bliss about me.

