Waterfall Sightings

22nd April 2010, 12:34 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I was on a hike with my girlfriend a few years back. We had been walking along for a good hour when she noticed a sign for a trail that led to a waterfall about two miles distant.

It may have only been a couple miles, but the uphill climb seemed to be fully half of that. We're both experienced hikers and in great shape, but we had to stop a couple time to catch our breath.

Finally, we spotted falls through a small break in the forest. It was maybe three or four hundred yards away and I don't think we walked another ten steps before we hear the roar of the falling water.

A couple more minutes walking and we were at the base of the falls. It wasn't much more than a hundred feet above us and not particularly wide, but appeared remarkably powerful for its size. No doubt it was and, fed by the late spring runoff, was too strong and too cold for us to set foot in its stream. I must have spent a couple minutes caught up in the wonders of nature, when my attention was diverted as my girlfriend called out to me, "Hey, I found another waterfall for you to see".

I turned around and noticed she had climbed up a small pile of rocks and sat maybe five or six feet off the ground. She had taken off her shorts and as soon as I made eye contact with her, directed my attention to her crotch. She pulled her panties to one side, and peed one of the nicest torrents I had ever seen. It may not have lasted more than thirty or forty seconds, but it was one of the best displays of watering, public or private, I had ever seen. When she was finished, she called out, "How'd I do? You like my imitation?"

"Even better than the original", I replied. And it was.

The sound of running water, coupled with the water I'd drank on the climb had caught up with me. "Back at you, babe", I added, as I unzipped and arced my stream in her direction.

We spent the rest of a most enjoyable afternoon making a few more waterfalls of our own.

