Alli's Tale

9th November 2007, 04:31 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

My little sister's name isn't Alli, but it wouldn't be fair to tell you her real name, so let's pretend that it is. As of last semester, she was a freshman at an out-of-state college, studying mathematics. At spring break, I agreed to pick her up "on my way" home from the college I attend. This entailed driving across the state line, then turning around and driving twice as far in excactly the opposite direction. But, hey, I have a car and she hasn't.

Alli is about 4 1/2 feet tall, with blonde hair down to her shoulders, and normally, I'd be all over a girl as hot as she is; but she's my little sister and she trusts me, so I don't do anything. Four hours in a car together is a while, but we had some catching up to do. At one point, she told me an interesting story that I thought you folks might enjoy. She swears that it's all true; I have my doubts for reasons that should become obvious momentarily.

Here's the relevant portion of our conversation, as near as I can remember. Naturally, I've changed all the people's names.

###

Me: And your dorm, is it a nice place to live?

Alli: Yeah, it's O.K. Most of the time. Uhh... You didn't ever get locked into yours, did you?

Me: I don't live in a dorm anymore.

Alli: Yeah, I know, but back when you did?

Me: No, did you?

Alli: Yeah, like, I just woke up, like, two months ago, one day I couldn't get out. I mean, it wasn't locked, but I couldn't open it. And I was like, this cannot be happening. I can't even get to the bathroom, 'cause it's down the hall. You know how bad I hafta go in the morning?

Me: Yeah.

[Note: when we both lived at home, I was always getting into the bathroom in the morning only to have Alli pounding on the door yelling, "Open up! I hafta go NOW!" I guess she hasn't changed much in college.]

Alli: So, like, I'm looking around. Barbara's [her roommate] still sleeping, I don't have anything to pry at the door with. The phone's there on the desk, so I'm looking in all the drawers 'cause I know there's a list of, like, building maintenence numbers and shit, and now my pussy is, like, splitting open so I hafta hold it with one hand. But, I call maintenance and the guy is like, "That can't happen." And I'm all, "Well, it did!" And he's all, "OK, we'll send someone by in a couple hours." And I go, "But I need out NOW. I'm, like, late for class." I wasn't late, but I didn't wanna tell him I've gotta go to the bathroom.

Me: Why not?

Alli: Are you kidding? He's just some guy!

Me: Hey, I'm some guy.

Alli: No, you're my brother. Anyway, he's like, "Well, we'll try and hurry that up but I'm not promising anything, and he hangs up on me! So, now I'm sitting there and I guess I was yelling at the maintenance guy 'cause Barbara woke up then. And I tell her what happened and she's like, "Damn, now I hafta pee, too," and we're sitting there, trying not to think about peeing and it felt like an hour but it was prolly a lot less. And now I'm leaking a bit in my panties

. And then Barbara looked up and then she screams and she goes, "What's that?" And I look behind me and I almost pissed myself completely 'cause there was a hippo lying on the floor!

Me: A hippopotamus?

Alli: Yeah!

Me: Felis domesticus?

Alli: Yeah! Wait, what's Felis domesticus?

Me: Common housecat.

Alli: No, it was a hippo!

Me: How did a hippopotamus get into your bedroom?

Alli: I don't know! And the funny thing is, it wasn't there before, 'cause I would of seen it.

Me: Yeah, it is hard to miss an adult hippopotamus. Anyway...

Alli: Yeah, so I'm sitting there starting to piss myself and Barbara and me are staring at the hippo and the hippo says, "Jeez!"

Me: It was a talking hippopotamus?

Alli: I guess so. And he's like, "What? You sound like you've never seen me before!" And I'm like, "I didn't ever see you before!" And he looks at me and he looks at Barbara and he goes, "Damn, wrong room." And Barbara said, "No shit." And so the hippo got up and he goes over to the door and I told him he can't get out, I mean, even if the door opened he's still too big for it. But the hippo's all, "No way, I can open it," and he pushes on the door with his nose, but it doesn't open, so he turns around and he kicks it with his back foot.

Me: Like a horse.

Alli: Yeah! And there was a crack and the door opened, and he turns around and, like, I know he's not gonna fit through and he'll block the door again. So I go, "Wait, let me out first," and Barbara's like, "Me, too," and she goes running down the hall. And I got up too, and I took a few steps, but that was too much. I just, like, let go. I was pissing all over the bottom of my nightdress, so I just sat down on the carpet and let it all out. And then I look up and the maintenence guy was there and he's watching me piss all over myself! And he's grinning this weird grin.

Me: What happened to the hippopotamus?

Alli: I dunno. The maintenance guy said he didn't see a hippo.

Me: Are you sure you did?

Alli: Don't say you don't believe me, either! Anyway, like, Barbara remembers him! You can ask her!

Me [lying]: No, I believe you.

Alli: But, don't tell Mom and Dad.

