The Adventures Of Sophie Part 1

28th September 2017, 06:40 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Hi All

Pobox9847 here. I used to post here for several years. Anyway, long story short, after a few years away, I had an idea that I thought I could work up into a story. If it gets a good response, there will be more. For the avoidance of doubt these stories are complete fiction and the characters bear no resemblance or relation to any person living or dead.

Hi I'm Sophie. I'm 28 and I work as a classroom assistant in a primary school. Somehow I seem to occasionally end up in pee related adventures. I thought you might enjoy reading about them here

I wanted to start by telling you about something very strange that I ended up involved in a couple of years ago

This is quite a long story so I'll have to divide it into parts, so bear with me, but I think it is a tale that deserves telling in full, because while the first part is probably not that uncommon, what was to follow became one of the strangest experiences I have had in my life

It involved my friends Nikki and Michelle. I'd known them both since Uny. Michelle is 5ft 1, mousy blonde with quite a flat chest, and a petite frame and Nikki is 5ft 10, with jet black hair, 32DD boob, and an hourglass figure. Almost physical opposites in fact, but as people, they had always got on famously. But living together puts any relationship under the odd moment of strain. The incident that caused the bust-up with my two friends was an occasion where Nikki had spent so long in the bathroom that Michelle wet herself.

I have to admit, I had actually found it very funny when i heard about it. Of course I hadn't been there, and of course I would have felt differently if it happened to me, but the thought of Michelle, who I get on with very well, losing control and just soaking her knickers with hot piss..well , you have to admit it's funny. A grown woman wetting her knickers like a little girl. I know plenty of women who'd have laughed it off, though..everyone's had an accident or been close. I know I have, but Michelle gets embarrassed very easily, likes to be in control of things at all times, so I know she will have felt really ashamed..which is probably why she didn't shrug it off, but instead had a big falling out with Nikkii,

Apparently she had been knocking on the door, begging to be let in, pleading that she really had to go, and that she was desperate, bursting for a wee-wee, that the sound of the running water from the shower was making things worse and she couldn't hold on much longer. But Nikki would not let her in, even when Michelle said she would wet herself if she couldn't use a toilet immediately. . Now I don't think there was any malice involved on Nikki's part. She's not a toilet sadist or whatever you might call them. However she has always valued her privacy and always locks the bathroom door.

Though she and Michelle are friends I know she would never feel comfortable letting her in to use the loo when she was having a shower. Then as Michelle got more and more desperate she began calling Nikki 'a cruel cow' and a 'a bitch' which, Nikki confided to us (more of 'us' later) over a drink in the pub a few days later, then did make her decide to slow down. Which I guess is understandable. Who wants to be called those things when you are just trying to have a shower and get ready. Of course we asked Nikki for all the details, all of us presenting it in the guise of sympathy, but certainly for my part it was at least as much prurient curiosity

"How bad was it?"

"What was she wearing?"

"How long did she piss herself for?"

"Were her knickers totally ruined?" Each answer from Nikki was met with an "Oh No" or a "Poor Michelle" but inside I was quite enjoying the thought of my friend in such an embarrassing situation. I like to think the others were too, and that none of us felt we could admit it, but maybe I am just a cruel schaudenfraude type of girl and the others were genuinely sympathetic

Anyway, though I am sure none of you will enjoy knowing the details in the cruel way that I did, I am presenting them here to give you the full background. We've established Michelle's desperation ..that she had been calling and begging and pleading to be let in, and that Nikki, having been insulted, was now on a go slow. But Nikki told us, and she had no reason to lie, that she just wanted to teach Michelle some patience..she genuinely never thought Michelle would actually piss herself...she thought she was exaggerating and being over dramatic..she never imagined she really would wet her knickers.

So, anyway, finally Nikki is showered and ready. Nikki told us that she emerged from the bathroom, towel wrapped round her, and said "all yours" but Michelle couldn't even move. She started to take one step forward and then it happened "Oh No..Oh Fuck Oh Fuck" she yelled.

Тikki said Michelle was in a deep pink cami-top, and tight white jeans and as Nikki watched she heard a faint hissing sound. She said she wanted to look away but it was compelling..like watching a car crash in real time..you feel bad for watching but you can't take your eyes away.

Nikki said it was fascinating to watch as the crotch of the jeans began rapidly to develop a wet patch as hot piss flooded unstoppably from her "She was gasping with relief, a pure physical response of pleasure at a huge pressure being relieved..but equally she was clearly mortified and humiliated".

Nikki recounted that Michelle wrestled with her jeans button to try and get them off, and managed to yank the jeans down "Will you stop fucking looking!" Michelle apparently yelled, but Nikki said she just couldn't help it. Michellle was apparently wearing one of her favourite pairs of panties.. They were full briefs, yellow with pretty pink flowers on them. A bit girly for me, but definitely Michelle's type of thing. Certainly not a 'date' type of underwear and not her most expensive pair, I am sure..but one of her favourite pairs, and she was soaking them with her piss.

Nikki said she was amazed how much of the knickers were covered in piss..she could actually see the stream flowing from Michelle's pussy through the now see through material , "Getting a good look are you?" challenged Michelle but Nikki told us she was just shaking her head in disbelief..she had never seen anything like it. Plus the knickers couldn't contain the sheer volume of piss so it was now steadily dripping out of the bottom of the gusset and into her jeans that were round her ankles.

Michelle's gasps of sheer relief continued, as did the flow of piss. The panties were almost totally dark yellow when, as Nikki described it, Michelle suddenly thought to pull them down to prevent further damage and managed to step out of them and kick them and her jeans aside. Nikki told us that despite herself she was curious to see that Michelle had a neat little landing strip of hair at the top of her pussy "Well it's not the kind of thing you discuss is it?" she laughed "So I thought I'd take the opportunity to have a look and find out how she does hers". I looked round the table and could tell we were all delighted at this little piece of gossip.

Nikki then told us that Michelle continued to piss, and she now clearly see it was a pale yellow colour. Michelle had clearly drunk plenty since her first pee of the morning..in fact Nikki remembers her having two large coffees and an orange juice over their lazy breakfast. Now she was 'recycling' the beverages straight onto the landing floor carpet. "Dirty Cow" I said without thinking, and worried that I might have misjudged the mood of the table but thankfully everyone laughed.

Nikki said the hissing that accompanied the piss was now joined by the patter of the wee as it soaked into the carpet below her, and that this continued for a good twenty seconds before, after what she was sure was over a minute of pissing in total, finally Michelle's stream slowed to a trickle and then came to an end. "There she was", she recounted " legs astride, pussy on display to the world..well to me in particular looking down at a wide piss stain on the carpet, and at her soaked jeans and panties. She looked embarassed..totally humiliated..ashamed" ...well you would do wouldn't you, I thought, and I imagined she was torn between the emotions of embarrassment, anger with Nikki, and the need to get Nikki to try and help.

Nikki told us she went to get some carpet cleaner. When she returned Michelle had pulled her clothes back up

"How bad is it? " she had asked and Nikki had described how the wet patch on the jeans covered a few inches in circumference at the back. They checked the front together and it was about the same. Then she peeled down her jeans and the girls checked the damage to Michelle's knickers. The wet patch on those covered more than half the knickers "I tried to reassure her it was only pee" said Nikki, but she threw the clothes straight in the bin when she came out of the shower"

"So how was it left?" I asked

Well she went and showered, and by the time she was out, I had cleaned the carpet...but it's been three days now, and she's still not talking to me" said Nikki. "From the moment she came out of the shower till now..not one word. That's why I wanted to talk it through with you girls tonight..I need your help to get her to see it wasn't my faullt.. I've apologised. I've offered to buy her new jeans and knickers. It can't go on like this, but I don't know what to do"

I looked around at the others..I'd had an idea.

