Butterfly and pantie girdle, a great combination!

30th July 2008, 03:01 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

A couple of years ago i got a great idea! I bought a pantie girdle (one with no legs..).. Now maybe you ask: "Why on earth did she bought a pantie girdle? Didn't know they even existed any more.. why would a young, slim girl need such a device.. it's not that she has any redundant flesh in need to be redistributed to the right places..." Well, and that wasn't the purpose for the purchase either..

The purpose for and the idea behind the purchase was.. ahum.. well.. how shall I put this... You know.. when I sort of get kind of aroused my clit - as clits from some odd reason tend to do - swells and stiffens And when it does, it protrudes quite a bit between my love lips (love to call them love lips cuz they truly are ). And sometimes when I'm wearing tight fitting jeans it happens that the crotch seam kind of rubs against me between my thighs with the result that I get horny and consequently my clit stiffens and protrudes... The result from that is that the rubbing seam concentrates it's efforts on my protruding clit! I leave to your imagination what the final result might be...

Ok! In a ladie's underwear shop I happened to find a pantie girdle.. The truth is that I've never seen one before.. At first I thought it was just a pair of panties but when I touched it I felt that it was made of an elastic material. I asked a shop assistant about it and she explained the purpose for me. Well, from her description I didn't think I needed a pantie girdle. I bought a couple of cute panties instead and went home. But at home I remembered the "tight-jeans-effect" and suddenly I realized what the proper use of a pantie girdle could be for me!!

I was so excited I ran all the way back to the shop! I asked the assistant if I could try a pantie girdle on. She handed me a small size but I asked for an extra small size as well.. I went in to the dressing cubicle, where I at first tried on the small one.. it fitted nicely.. I pulled it up and felt it hugging my pussy in a very nice way! I'd been aroused right from the time I came to realize what a pantie girdle could be good for and consequently my clit was swollen and stiff already.. and when I took some small steps in the narrow cubicle I felt a very appealing massage against my clit!

But anyway I thought that I should give the extra small a chance too... And right I was to do so!! It fitted tighter and its massage abilitiy was superior! I was so tempted to keep it on but my strength of character made it possible for me to remove it.. But before I left the cubicle I had to wipe it's crotch dry with a handkerchief so that the assistant wouldn't think ill of me, hehe!

As I said, this was a couple of years ago.. I had many wonderful moments with the pantie girdle. When I was out walking wearing it, it usually rendered me several nicely felt orgasms. I think I'll tell you more about some adventures an other time... My pantie girdle however got more and more worn out in my hard and demanding service and eventually it was of no use anymore. I thought that I should by a new one, but I was still on that way...

But the last week I came up with a new application for a pantie girdle! You know, I love my new Butterfly but in my opinion it has one fault. Sometimes I like to let my skirt ride up, exposing my white thighs above the nylon stockings and even a more or less glimpse of my panties. But with the butterfly that isn't so good... as if I do so the butterfly and the strap ons would be visible. Even if I try to hide the butterfly in a pair of panties, the strap ons around my thighs would be seen. But a pantie girdle would keep the butterfly on place even if I removed the strap ons.. Brilliant idea!! I went and bought a black pantie girdle with no legs, very cute with laces. I brought my butterfly with me to the shop and in the mirror I could see that It wasn't visible unless you knew it was there and looked at a very close distance.. It was perfect! And when walking around in the cubicle I found that it held it's position very well!

On my way home I passed a park and by now I was so terribly horny that I sneaked in behind some bushes, rapidly changed from panties to pantie girdle and put the butterfly inside the pantie girdle, carefully positioning it to the right place. Finally I pulled up the girdle so that it fitted very tight. During doing that I became so turned on, that before I was finished I came hard! I was so surprised that I gave out a loud cry! And when I came out from behind the bushes, I saw three women looking at me.. When I passed them, one asked me what happened and if I was alright.. they'd been afraid that I'd been attacked... I said that I accidently had bumped into a broken branch, when I rose after having peed. They looked somewhat startled, hehe!

And now I thought I would try out how invisible the butterfly was.. As I strolled along a parkway I looked around.. And so I noticed a bit ahead two benches on either side of the way. On one of them sat two women. I haven't mentioned it before but I was practically desperate to pee! On my way towards the benches my walking style gave more and more evidence of my desperation! A couple of times I had to grab myself at my crotch... As I came nearer I noticed that one woman had detected me. she turned to the other woman and then both of them looked at me. Now I saw that they were around their early thirties and both very good looking..

I sat down on the bench opposite their. I put my hand in one of the skirt pockets, found the remote control and turned the butterfly on low speed! Oh, gosh! How good it felt! It was like I became filled with nice, pleasant, stirring feelings from my crotch and all the way up to my head! I felt how my nipples grew hard, pushing against my blouse! I was reaching the familiar state of mind when I didn't care anymore.. when I didn't bother if anyone saw me.. It was like I was on autopilot..

I was on the brink to wet myself but I didn't want that to happen yet, why I parted my legs, caressed my inner thighs, first on the nylon stockings, the on the bare skin above them, moving along the garters up to the crotch of the pantie girdle! With my fingers I felt the vibrations from the butterfly! All the time I looked at the women under my lowered eyelashes.. They both stared incessantly in between my open thighs! It was like they were hypnotized, they just stared in silence, didn't say anything to the other..

For the first time since I bought the butterfly I now turned on the escalating function! At first there was no difference.. but so I felt how the vibrations increased in speed as well in force! I panted for air! I couldn't help moaning! One of the women had her hand in the crotch of her pants! I saw how she rubbed herself! The other gave her a quick glance and so she pressed her skirt in between her now parted thighs an d almost dug her fingers in to her pussy! The butterfly escalated even more!! I felt like sitting on a rocket on my way to the moon!! I came!! I tried not to scream out loud! I don't know if I was that successful... It was a very quiet day in a very quiet pert of the park, but when my first orgasm ebbed away I noticed a girl of maybe my own age standing looking at us. I didn't bother...

Now it was like a crescendo in my pussy! I came time after time, each time more intensive! I began peeing!! At first the pee had certain difficulties to push its way through the pantie girdle, but when it did it did with great force! The butterfly escalated to its peak and had the most wonderful orgasm ever! I kept on peeing for another minute or so, getting a row with after orgasms! I sort of collapsed at the bench in a mist of the most wonderful feelings!! I was totally fuzzy!

I don't know how long it took till I opened my eyes again.. but when I did I was totally alone! The two women as well as the girl were gone! It felt kind of spoky.. I almost wondered if it had been for real.. if it had happende at all.. But when I felt my totally soaked pantie girdle and noticed that my skirt was pretty wet too, I understood that it had happened after all..

I sneaked my way home, hoping noone I knew would see me! I was lucky...

Your Yvette flying on a Butterfly to the seventh heaven!

