Date Night Part 2

29th August 2013, 07:37 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Part 2:

We normally go to the town closest to us on our date nights. We walk the streets and look in shops before having dinner at one of our favorite restaurants, however this time, after leaving the winery, Tammy suggested we go to another town about an hour away. That way we would have less of a chance bumping into someone we knew. She said she was really turned on after the episode at the winery and wanted to continue. I told her it was fine with me. We had planned ahead with a change of clothes in the trunk but she ask if I minded if we didn't change for now. That suited me just fine. I love looking at her wet panties and I also love the feeling of my on wet underwear and jeans so we stayed in our wet cloths.

On the way down the mountain Tammy flashed a couple of truckers. I love it when she shows off her wet panties to other men and was really excited watching her play with herself with her hand in her panties as we passed the trucks. I started trying to play with her but she insisted I stop and keep my eyes on the road. It is a very crocked and narrow road down the mountain. I laughed and told her she was going to half to stop messing around so I could concentrate on driving.

There is a little roadside picnic spot about half way to the town we were going to and Tammy said we should stop. I didn't know what she had in mind but knew, in the mood she was in, it would be good. As we approached we saw another car already there and knowing there was only one picnic table I ask her if we should just drive on. «No. Stop anyway and let's see what happens.» She said. «It's very obvious I have wet my pants and probably you too.» I reminded her as we parked. She just smiled and got out of the car. I noticed the front of her dress looked dry but as she walked away from the car I could see a huge wet spot covering her ass. I also knew, in those faded jeans, there was no way I could hide the fact that I had wet my pants. My mind went to the look on Cindy's face as she had watched me wet myself. It seemed I was just going to keep a hard on continually today.

The table was just up the hill beside the parking area and we saw a younger looking man setting there smoking a cigarette. He looked to be in his early twenties and was rather handsome. He looked our way as we walked up. Before he could say anything, Tammy hurriedly ask him where the restroom was. I smiled to myself. She knows there is not one here. «I don't think there is one.» He said.

«Too late anyway.» She responded. As she said it, I heard her pee hitting the leaves between her feet. Both the young man and I watched, fascinated, as she raised the front of her dress giving us a full view of her panties as she wet them for the second time that day. I looked from her to the man and saw total shock on his face. I continued to watch as Tammy watered the leaves and saw his expression change from shock to interest to lust almost instantly. By the time she was done he had turned in his seat to squarely face her. He was staring straight at her wet crotch. I also noticed the budge forming in the tight cycling shorts he was wearing.

When she was finished she let her dress drop back into place. «Sorry she said, but I was busting.» It took him a moment to come to his senses after she was finished. For the first time he looked embarrassedly at me. He sheepishly apologized to me for watching Tammy but before I could respond he noticed my wet condition. «I see it was too late for you too.» He smiled as he looked from my damp crotch to my eyes. It was my turn to get embarrassed. «We didn't try too hard to stay dry.» I honestly told him. My response peeked his interest and he suddenly became quite friendly, asking us to set and join him.

I set opposite him at the table but noticed with interest that Tammy chose his side of the table. We made small talk for a moment or two but he soon directed the conversation to our wetting habits. It seemed he had a hundred questions. He ask all about our wettings, including earlier that day, wanting to know every detail. He really took interest in Tammy as she related how much she was turned on as she wet her panties in front of Tom. He was hooked however, when she admitted how turned on she had been wetting in front of him just now. With that she quietly placed her hand on his leg just above the knee. He nervously looked at me. I just smiled at him and winked nodding in Tammy's direction. After that, he seemed to forget I was there. I just sat back and waited for the show I knew was coming.

There is a little fire pit, with some log seats around it, just to the side of the table. The location doesn't offer much cover but at least can't be seen from the road. Tammy knows how much I like to watch her in action and taking his hand they moved to the fire pit. I watched as Tammy began rubbing the bulge in the front of his shorts and he slipped his hand under her dress. Tammy turned her back to him and leaned against him as rubbed her wet ass against his hard dick. As he kissed her neck Tammy looked me in the eyes. She never took her eyes off me as he reached around and worked her dress up till her panties were again in view. He rubbed her pussy through her panties for a few seconds before working his hand in them from the top. Suddenly a look of surprise and pleasure came over her and again I heard the familiar splashing on the leaves at their feet. It took a moment to realize that it was not coming from Tammy this time.

Tammy later described to me how it felt as he wet his pants against her ass. She said he had managed to work the back of her dress up till he was rubbing his hard cock tightly over her panties. As he rubbed up and down he had released his piss. She said it was the greatest sensation as she felt the hot liquid streaming down over her ass, soaking her panties again, as he fingered her pussy. After he finished peeing he quickly released Tammy and, stepping back, he looked intently at his on wet shorts. I was somewhat amused as at his reaction as he took it all in.

He then pulled his shorts down just below crotch level, reviling a pair of white underwear similar to the ones I was wearing. After examining them, he looked at both of us and grinned. Tammy was like a kid in a candy store as she gazed at the hard cock outlined in the wet briefs. She started slowly rubbing his large hard-on through his underwear. She sweetly turned around and bent over flipping up her dress at the same time. He gently touched her wet panties with the palm of his hand then started to rub. Tammy moaned and at the same time they both looked longingly at me. I gave them my approval stating that I would be greatly disappointed if they stopped now.

He maneuvered Tammy to the picnic table and gently bent her over it. He then reached into his sopping underwear and pulled out a rather large cock. Pulling her panties to the side, he slowly worked his dick into her pussy. It was only a few moments till I saw him shudder with release as he pumped hot cum into my wife's wet pussy. This triggered her first orgasm of the day and another shot of pee squirted over his softening cock and into her panties. Slowly he pulled out of her and backed away. With his cum leaking into them, Tammy slipped her panties back into place. It was the first of many loads those panties would hold that day. The man pulled up his wet shorts and informed us he would wear them till they dried as he had no choice anyway. He said this would defiantly not be his last wetting. After that experience small talk was sort of difficult so we soon parted and Tammy and I continued on our way.

