Leah's Day Out

22nd September 2007, 10:08 PM

Author: Jack4611

Location: Missouri, USA (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 283

This is my first story that I have published, so let me know what you think of it. There will be plenty more stories to come.

It was Leah's first week back from college in over a year. She had two weeks off on spring break, and she was staying at a small apartment that her parents let her use while she was in town. Leah had been in to pissing since she was very young. Over the last fifteen years, she had done all kinds of things that had to do with pissing. When she first started pissing, she would wet her bed in the middle of the night, and wake up with her panties absolutely soaked. Most girls her age would have stopped wetting their beds years ago, but even at nineteen years old, Leah would piss her bed any chance she got. The apartment that she was staying at was quite small, with a nice little kitchen, small bathroom, and only one bedroom. There were two large windows in the living room and one large window in the bedroom.

She woke up early on Friday morning, her bladder full. She was naked, as she always slept. She grabbed a pair of panties and went into the bathroom. As she got into the bathtub, she put on her panties, stood up, and began to piss her panties. Wetting herself felt so good. When she was done pissing, she placed her hand her pants and began to rub her pussy. She took the panties off, took a shower, and got out and dried off. She hung her towel back up and went downstairs, still naked. She stood in the front window, the window wide open. She looked out the window and noticed that was bright and sunny. Leah had been planning to go to the mall, so she decided today was the way to do it.

As soon as she got to the mall, she bought a bottle of water and drank the entire thing. She was not necessarily thirsty, but she really wanted to pee again. She was wearing a black mini skirt, a pink babydoll shirt that said «BITCH» on the front, and a black bra under her shirt. Most the boys stared at her as she walked, but she didn't care- she was not interested in men at all, all she wanted was other women. She walked around for a while, looking for things in the store windows, and in about ten minutes, she realized that she had to pee.

She decided that she wanted to go into a lingerie store and pee, rather than pissing in a bathroom. Peeing in the bathroom or in a toilet was way too conventional for Leah. She got a pair of panties from the rack and took them into the fitting room. She knew that she was not supposed to take underwear into the fitting room to try them on, but she didn't care. When she got into the fitting room, she took of all of her clothes and began to stare at herself in the mirror.

Finally, she put on the pair of panties that she had not yet purchased, and pissed all over them. She watched the panties turn from a nice clean white to a nice light yellow. Leah removed the panties, placed them by herself, and began to lick the wet panties.

When she was done with this, she placed her original panties in her purse, rather than putting them back on, and left the wet panties wadded up in the fitting room and exited the store quickly.

It was getting to be lunch time, and Leah really wanted something to eat. She got some chicken nuggets and a very large Sprite. She ate very fast, and continued to walk around the mall. Once again, she knew that she was going to have to pee within the next ten or twenty minutes. This time, she was going to pee where lots of people could see her. She remembered that she was not wearing underwear. There were lots of things that she wanted to; she loved having people, especially girls her age, watch her piss. She decided that she was going to take her cup from lunch with her, and eventually stop, sit down on a bench, and piss in the cup while people were watching her. As she walked around, she kept looking for areas that were highly populated. Finally, she found a high-populated area, and pissed in the cup. After that, it was about time for her to go home. As she was walking outside, she took the cup and left it on the ground outside in the parking lot.

When she got back to her apartment, she took off all of her clothes, opened the window, and put a movie on TV. She sat there fingering herself right in the middle of her apartment. She masturbated until she had two orgasms, and laid on the couch, and fell asleep.

