Peeing fun with T

10th May 2011, 01:48 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Last Friday T and I decided that we would go away for the weekend. We went to a well known seaside resort. We eventually found somewhere to park up and found a Hotel to stay for a couple of nights.

On the first night we went out and had a nice meal and then found a decent pub that had live music. We had a couple of drinks and had to share a table with one other woman and two guys. They were a lot of fun and we did have a few good laughs.

Just after midnight T said that she wished to pee quite badly, but she was going to hold it for as long as she possibly could. I also had not peed during the afternoon or evening and I also really wanted to go, but I knew that I could hold it for a while longer.

The pub closed at 02.00am and we finished our drinks and left a little while later. There were lots of people milling around laughing and staggering everywhere. They were looking for taxi's. Our Hotel was only about a ten minute walk.

We were walking along the seafront and could see the Hotel not far away. Then T suggested we sit and have a cigarette. We made our way down to the beach, found a spot and sat on the sand.

There were still a few people around and some on the beach. We could see a couple having sex up against a wall and we had a little chuckle to ourselves. T then placed herself right in front and facing me. She lifted her skirt, opened her legs either side of me.

She then pulled her panties to one side and started to piss between my legs. A little splashed over me and I heard that lovely hissing sound, it was quite loud. She stopped suddenly and said that she wanted to save some for when we got back to the Hotel.

We arrived back and went up to our room. As soon as we were in I went into the bedroom and stripped off. T followed me in and she took her clothes off. Then I sat on an armchair and asked her to sit on my lap facing me with her knees to either side of me. I then asked her to finish what she was doing on the beach.

She started to piss in my lap and it felt oh so nice and warm as it was going all over me and all over the seat of the chair. When she had finished, which was not that long, she stood up and asked me to let her sit in the chair. She placed me right in front of her then she held my cock, she opened her legs and aimed me between them whilst she was sitting.

I started to let it go and it was soon coming out very fast and hard. It really did splash all over everywhere as it was hitting her. When she knew that I was almost finished she gently took me into her mouth and drank the remainder of my piss. When we got up, the chair and carpet underneath were soaking wet.

That was the first time that we had both done anything like that.

The next day (Saturday) I thought about us having a little more fun during the day or evening. So I had to think of something that I thought that she may enjoy.

I will post what happened tomorrow. I can say that it was a lot of fun and she did enjoy it.

