The Adventures of Sophie Pts 2 and 3

16th November 2017, 08:09 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

So, before I take this story one step further, I had better introduce you to the other main players, I can't keep on referring to them as 'the others' forever

There was Renee..she's the tallest of us at nearly 6ft, and wears glasses. I work with her and she's lovely.

There was also Sarah...she's about 5ft 4. She's got long long brown hair that goes all the way to her bottom, small boobs, and is very fit (in the old fashioned sense of the word..and probably the new sense as well)

Cassandra..she's not fat but she's got some curves, and has big boobs and a big bottom...I hope you're able to imagine the girls a little with these pen portraits. , Jessica ..well she's tall and slim with long blonde hair, and finally Debbie, who wasn't there that night, but who definitely comes into the story. She's average height, with a pixie cut and c cup boobs, if that helps you picture the characters in the story.

"What's your idea?" asked Nikki. "Well" I said, "Michelle doesn't feel she's been treated fairly. She feels angry with you and won't move on..she won't listen to your ideas to make amends..and you feel you've done everything you can and it's not working. So we need a neutral solution to resolve it"

"C'mon Sophie" said Renee, not unkindly, "get to the point"

"We stage a mock trial" I said "and get everyone to agree to the outcome. The two of you will have the chance to have your say, air it all out and then..we can do it properly. 3 of us can be a jury. 1 can defend Nikki, 1 can be the prosecutor. but the key thing is whatever the decision, everyone agrees to abide by it and move on."

"But won't that mean it all being replayed in huge detail in front of even more of our friends?" queried Nikki

"Yes, but that's not the point" said Sarah ("That's EXACTLY the point" I was thinking, but kept my mouth shut). "Sophie's idea means everyone can have their say, and then we reach a decision and move on"

Nikki bought into it, and the next day we heard from Jessica, Michelle's friend, that Michelle had agreed too.

The following Saturday we had all cleared our diaries and were gathered in Cassandra's living room.

It was actually taking on a life of it's own. When I suggested the idea, I was just being a little bit naughty and thinking it was a good excuse to try and get even more details about the naughty wetting

, and also solving their quarrel of course, but the girls were really going over board with the 'trial' concept. By the time I got there, they had decided Debbie would be the judge; that Renee would be the defense counsel and argue on behalf of Nikki, and that Jessica would be the prosecution counsel. That way Nikki and Michelle didn't have to argue or speak to each other.

Sarah, Cassandra and I were going to be the jury.

I won't bore you with all the details...but Debbie really got into her role as judge and started by stating solemnly that a beautiful girl being forced to wet her lovely knickers is awful and never funny, but she was really being a hypocrite, as she had said it was «fucking hilarious» when she first heard Michelle had pissed in her knickers.

Jessica walked Michelle through the wetting and I have to admit I enjoyed hearing her describe it in her own words, and talk about how humiliating it was "I'm a grown up dignified woman and I was wetting myself like a little girl" was one line that has stuck in my memory.

Oh, and early on Debbie interrupted to ask Michelle "how desperate were you at this point?"

"Oh, I was absolutely bursting for a wee" she replied, with feeling

It also came out that in initially making a desperate attempt to stop herself pissing, Michelle had been using her hand to press against herself..and so they had ended up covered in piss. I did enjoy this detail.

Jessica was then trying to shame Nikki, and asking her if she had ever wet herself. Nikki said that she hadn't and Jessica really laid it on thick about she couldn't possibly understand the embarrassment and shame involved. Utter nonsense..I have wet my knickers several times, and I know Sarah has. It's embarrassing of course..but there's far worse things in life, and in this case it wasn't in public just in front of a friend.

Renee argued that Michelle should have had better bladder control..and that if things were getting desperate she could have wee-d in a bucket..or in the kitchen sink. She also argued that beyond replacing the clothes out of her own pocket, what further punishment could reasonably be given to Nikki. I did notice a smile play over Debbie's lips at that, which got me curious, as I hadn't actually thought that bit through..my main goal was to hear every possible detail about the wetting. I think I had imagined Debbie would just say that Nikki's offer of replacing the clothes was fair, and we'd all move on. But that smile suggested otherwise to me. .

There was a lot of talking involved for at least two of the girls, so we did have frequent drinks breaks...coke /lemonade/ tea/coffee. By the end, I was beginning to feel in need of the loo. I wasn't sure about the other girls, and i certainly didn't want to step out and miss any of the trial

Anyway, the case was then passed over to us, the jury, to decide. Long story short (and the three of us did talk it through for a good ten mins or so) , Cassandra thought Michelle was being a drama queen and said 'not guilty', Sarah felt Nikki had been a bit selfish in not letting Michelle in, so she said guilty. and me?? Well, I just wondered what Debbie's smile was all about..and what punishment she could possibly be thinking of..and there was only one way to find out

"Guilty" I said.

Debbie stood solemnly " Nikki, You have been found guilty of forcing poor Michelle to wet her knickers, by a jury of your peers..or should I say pee-rs, she laughed. I feel that the punishment should fit the crime and so I sentence you as follows..." to be continued.

Pt 3:

Debbie paused for dramatic effect... " Nikki, to make things even, you too will have your jeans and knickers ruined" She paused , and whist we all nodded approvingly as we clearly were expected to do, I think everyone felt like me..that this seemed a bit anti-climactic, until Debbie continued; "You will have your jeans and knickers ruined by having someone piss on them" Now this just got a little bit more interesting, and there were a few murmurs, and a few smiles began to show on faces around the room. Debbie was quite the showwoman, and although she had paused again, it was apparent she hadn't finished...and when she continued, she dropped her bombshell "whilst you are still wearing them". Now there were gasps of shock, and a few peals of laughter too. For myself I though this sounded both hilarious and exciting. Michelle even did a fist pump "Yes" she said.

Nikki of course, protested, begged Debbie to show mercy or change her mind. But she was reminded, not just by Debbie, but by several of us, cruel lot that we are, that she had agreed to sign up to this. Renee, as her defence counsel, loyally joined Nikki in asking for clemency but thankfully Debbie was having none of it.

Debbie offered the opportunity to Michelle to do the honours and she eagerly accepted. As I mentioned, we'd all been drinking plenty throughout the trial..especially Renee and Jessica as the defence and prosecution counsels, and Nikki as the defendant, but none of us had been holding back. Michelle clearly needed to go, she was already holding her crotch..but she asked for us to wait just a few more minutes till she literally couldn't hold any longer.

Debbie refused to allow any of us to leave to go to the loo in case Michelle suddenly needed to go, though I had noticed that she and Jessica had nipped in whilst we, the jury, were deliberating I think Renee had been queuing too, but we finished our deliberations before the loo became free. Anyway having used the loo, Debbie was in no 'danger' and it was easy for her to make that rule, selfish cow, but looking round the room I saw a few concerned faces...Renee, Cassandra and indeed Sarah, I knew I could also really do with a wee and knew it would be tough, especially as we were about to watch a girl pissing, which we all knew would just make us need to go even more..hearing someone else get that wonderful relief, and hearing their wee-wee hissing out and seeing it too would be like torture... but after years of practice, I was confident in my bladder control and determined not to wet my favourite knickers at any cost.

After only a couple of minutes Michelle announced she couldn't hold on a minute longer. Nikki was instructed to lie down on the ground, and then Cassandra and Sarah were instructed to hold down her arms and legs respectively. Gingerly they made their way over and took up their positions. Michelle was taking her time, building up the tension, but finally she slowly edged over, determined not to spill a drop of her precious cargo too soon, and took up her position, standing, legs either side of Nikki's. She hitched up her lovely yellow skirt, it was maybe an inch above knee length, and pulled her black thong to the side revealing her landing strip of mousy blonde hair...(is it just me? I always find it interesting to look at other girl's bushes..are they totally shaved..is there a full bush..a landing strip or whatever? I think it's just the nosiness in me. Anyway Michelle was certainly well groomed. )

She announced: "I'm absolutely busting for a wee" followed up with a laughing "and it's all for you Nikki...here it comes" It all happened very quickly. Her pee-hole twitched and then with a "Oh fuck..oh the relief" Michelle began to piss hard onto Nikki's light blue jeans. Poor Nikki..if she'd had any idea of her punishment she would have perhaps chosen a different colour of wardrobe.

Michelle certainly had been bursting and there was a powerful hiss as her golden rain burst forth over Nikki's once pristine jeans. Now if it had been me..and lets be honest I am a very naughty girl, I think I would have been tempted to 'accidentally' piss on Nikki's lovely white blouse. It would just have been too tempting. But that's just me. To her credit, and my disappointment, her jet of hot yellow piss was directed right at the crotch area of Nikki's light blue jeans. A lovely dark patch appeared at the crotch and Michelle's aim was so accurate it really did look as though Nikki had wet herself. Droplets of glistening piss dripped off the underside of the jeans as we watched fascinated.

Nikki was saying 'that's enough surely' and when Michelle's stream stopped suddenly after maybe 20 seconds, Nikki looked hopeful. She started to thank Michelle, when Michelle asked Cass and Sarah to turn Nikki over. Gingerly they complied "What about my carpet?" queried Cass but no-one wanted to stop the 'action' and she was ignored. Now Michelle's hot yellow stream of wee was soaking the bottom area of Nikki's jeans. It remained a really powerful jet of golden rain. Nikki fills a pair of jeans nicely, and the jeans were tight and gave her a very sexy look. I don't know if you have ever seen those wetlook videos where a model has a shower in her jeans...well this was just like one of those..only very localised.The backside of her jeans was a shiny wet, dark blue... testament to how desperate Michelle had been. I have to say it made Nikki look very sexy..and I'll be honest, her humiliation was turning me on too. My knickers were getting a little wet..but thankfully not with piss!

Nikki's humiliation was increased by the fact that Debbie and Jessica were leaning in, pointing and laughing. I think we all were loving it, but some of us were having to focus and concentrate on not wetting our knickers..but having used the loo, those two lucky girls could point and gloat and add to Nikki's embarrassment as much as they wanted. Of course I didn't have a stopwatch, but I'd say maybe another 20 seconds of pissing later and Michelle managed to pause her stream again. Nikki was instructed to remove her jeans. Resignedly she peeled them off, revealing a lovely pair of light green, cotton, full knickers.

Within seconds Michelle resumed her piss and again with annoyingly accurate aim, had soaked the lovely panties and turned them a deep green. We could see through them now and it's clear that Nikki doesn't shave 'down there'. I think she could tell we could now see through them as she went even redder. Of course Michelle made her turn over, and she had just enough hot piss left to saok the back of the undies completely, leaving them a lovely shade of dark green..before finally finishing, leaving the knickers sodden wet and uncomfortable. It's bad enough if you have wet your own panties, but knowing that wetness you feel is someone else's piss..how awful for poor Nikki.

Of course I say 'how awful' but I was loving it. . Debbie and Jessica applauded. My hands were in my crotch but I shared their sentiment. Michelle had soaked both garments..and for the final touch of shame, Nikki was forced to peel down the panties too, meaning we could all now see her bare bottom and pussy. How humiliating for her. It's quite a guilty pleasure to see your female friends private areas..especially when you are a little bit bi, as I am, and especially when the friend is as sexy as Nikki. I tried not to stare, but I made sure I got a good long look at that large firm bottom, and her full-bushed pussy, and loved what I saw.

Michelle was looking like the cat that got the cream, and seemed happy with the outcome, so you may think that's the end of the story. But let me put you right on that..there is a whole lot more to come and you just won't believe what happened next.

