To The Limit (m desp)

6th August 2013, 04:46 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

As soon as Mike shut the apartment door behind him, I could tell he was in bad shape. I stood up from the couch and went over to kiss him, wrapping my arms around his neck.

«God, babe,» he said, as his lips pulled away from mine. «I have to piss so fucking bad.»

«Did you hold it all night for me?»

«Haven't gone since I left.» He put his bag down, wincing slightly as he bent. He smelled like beer and the stale smoke of the bar his band had played in that night. He reached down to adjust himself and gave his dick a little squeeze through his jeans. «Jesus, I have to piss.»

I kissed him again and he breathed sharply into my mouth. I could feel myself getting damp, tingling in anticipation. Mike never fidgeted or admitted his need until it was urgent, and I knew he'd been drinking beer all night at the show. I tried to imagine all that liquid inside his bladder, throbbing, begging for release. I could tell by the way he was standing that he was trying not to lose it. I trailed my hands down the sides of his body towards his zipper, and he moaned breathlessly, shuddering.

«Mmm, let's get these off and see what we have,» I said, unbuttoning his jeans and sliding them down. His stomach was tight and hard against the waistline, pushed out by his bladder. There was a wet spot the size of an orange on the front of his blue boxer briefs.

«You couldn't wait, could you?»

«No,» he breathed, his leg muscles tightening. «I can't wait now.»

«Yes, you can.» I rubbed the head of his half-hard dick through his damp underwear, feeling it twitch under my fingers. He moaned again. He hardened quickly, his stiff cock poking out the damp spot like a bullseye when I drew my hand away. He was staring at me with a desperate look of lust. I pulled off his underwear and he took off his shirt, moving stiffly as he did so, a tiny dribble of piss escaping his dick and pattering onto the floor though he was still rock-hard.

«Let's go to the bedroom,» I suggested.

«I don't know if I can move,» said Mike hoarsely.

I reached out and took hold of his swollen cock, red and damp from his own piss, and slowly led him down the hall into the bedroom. He breathed heavy in my ear. A spurt of piss wet my hand as we moved through the door, drumming hot into my palm.

«I'm gonna go,» moaned Mike. «I can't hold it.»

«Not yet, you're going to wait,» I said. I wriggled out of my dress and pressed myself against him, my naked pussy against his stomach. His dick bobbed against my leg. I could feel the heat of his swollen bladder against my skin, and his eyes looked primally frantic, the need for relief and the need to enter me equal. I had never seen him so desperate

; though he took part in my games, he would have usually run to the toilet by now, unable to wait and unwilling to wet on the carpet like a child. Now he was standing naked before me, dick stiff and trembling, his bladder bulging under tight skin.

«Tell me how bad you have to go,» I said.

Mike let out a little gasp and another burst of piss escaped him, spurting out with sudden force. He squirmed and twisted his legs until he was momentarily back in control. «Oh my god, Liz, I can't hold it.»

I backed up to the bed and sat down on the edge, pulling Mike in with my legs, locking my feet behind him. «You can't piss yet,» I said.

«I'm trying not to.» His voice was strained, ragged.

I ran my finger teasingly along the underside of his dick, making it twitch and jump, eliciting a pained groan from Mike. I circled his pisshole with my finger, hot trickles wetting my hand. He was fidgeting, shifting his weight, unable to stay still.

«I want you to fuck me,» I said, pulling him towards me. He bent with me, rubbing his cock against my pussy, his breathing shallow and quick. I pulled my legs tighter around him, to drive home that he was trapped: no toilet run, now, if he could even make it there. «Fuck me as hard as you can.»

He moaned, bucking forward now without seeming to know he was doing it, rubbing the length of his dick across my swollen clit, hot trickles of piss mixing with my own juices. I spread my legs and he pushed himself into me, groaning, his rock-hard dick filling the curve inside me. He hovered above me, trembling. His face was flushed and I could see the strain in his expression, the effort involved in holding back the tides.

«God, Liz, I'm gonna piss,» he whispered. «I can't move, I'm gonna piss.»

I slid myself up and down the length of his dick and it jumped suddenly as a hot burst of piss escaped inside of me, once and then again, Mike shuddering and moaning. «Yeah, you really have to go, don't you?» I teased. «All that beer and no relief... you just can't hold it, it's gonna come out...»

«Oh, God,» moaned Mike.

«Mmm, yeah.»

I began to thrust hard on his dick as he bent stock-still above me, all his muscles tense, his arms shaking. I moved faster and faster until I was slamming into his stomach. He let out a deep, desperate groan, gasped and shuddered, and suddenly a powerful stream of piss erupted inside of me, spraying out at all angles as I continued to fuck him, a steaming-hot, throbbing stream of long-held urine uncontrollably spouting from his cock. I reached down and rubbed my clit with his piss. I could feel his dick throb and twitch inside me, stretched wide by the thick, desperate stream.

He moaned and breathed heavy, eyes shut, seemingly unaware of anything but the massive relief. I was amazed at the amount of liquid pouring out of him, hot and urgent. I watched the bulge of his bladder slowly going down and felt myself about to come, clenching hard on his still-pissing dick, pleasure overtaking me. I pulled his body against mine and felt the waves of orgasm in tune with the pulsing of his dick, an endless series of shudders and moans, until Mike's stream finally abated and and he clutched my shoulders hard and gasped loudly as he came, shooting his load hard into my piss-wet pussy, spasming again and again. I wrapped my arms around him and we stayed that way a moment, panting and soaking wet, Mike's spent dick still inside me.

«Jesus,» he muttered, when he had finally found his voice. He sounded lightheaded, weak. «I've never come that hard before.»

I rubbed the place where his bladder once bulged, now slack and back to normal. «Does that feel better?»

«You don't even know,» he said. «Oh my God, I had to go so bad.»

«No more peeing at shows,» I said slyly, running my hand down to where his limp, wet dick lay. «I want this every time.»

«I'll wet myself,» he said. «I barely made it up the stairs just coming here.»

«We'll see about that.»

He sighed, closed his eyes. He was still trembling just a little. «God, Liz. You make me so hot.»

I grinned, thinking about the next time. Maybe I'd meet him at the subway station and accidentally forget my keys...

«I know,» I said.

