My neighbour (see thread cd pee. 24th Feb)

2nd March 2009, 10:39 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Yesterday (Sunday) it happened.

Saturday my neighbour came in and said that she would cook my Sunday dinner and that she would bring it in to me at 15.00pm.

She casually said that she likes white tight skirts. I knew what she was asking me to do.

So Sunday morning I had a piss when I got out of bed, and during the rest of the day a drank a glass of water every so often. By 14.00pm I was starting to get a full bladder, but I knew that I had to last another hour.

14.30pm and I started to get dressed. Hold up stockings, tight Pink panties and a tight white mini-skirt, this is the colour skirt that she was subtly asking me to wear yesterday when she brought my dinner in today.

15.05pm and in she came with my dinner on a plate and wrapped in tin foil. I was surprised to see that she was wearing a long coat, as she never wears long coats.

I was sitting in the kitchen when she arrived and asked if she would like a coffee, she put my dinner in the oven and said no I have just had four glasses of orange. She went back into the passageway and took off her coat and she was wearing a very short pair of tightish jean shorts.

She sat on the chair facing me, I was standing up against a worktop edge. I could see that she was looking am my legs and my bulge under my skirt. So started to let a little go, in some ways I could not help it as I was bursting. I saw that she noticed the little wet patch at the front of my skirt. I said to her that I really had to piss soon as I was now bursting.

I then said I am going into the bathroom (wet room) as I need to let it go. She followed me in. I stood there under the shower head and I just started to let it all go slowly. My skirt was getting wetter and wetter. She then put her hand forward and lifted my skirt and looked at me soaking wet Panties and she put her hand over my cock and Panties and started to rub it in. I looked down when I felt something hit my foot and I saw that she was pissing in her shorts, her piss was running all down her legs so I started to put my hand there and rub it in. I put my hand to my mouth and tasted her piss, mmm it tasted good.

I got my cock out and started to piss over her shorts, then she held my cock and aimed it all over her. She licked her hand once or twice and tasted my piss.

When we finished pissing I started to wank my now stiff cock and she just watched and started to play with herself with her hand inside her shorts. She said I want to see you cum. This made me feel so horny. I asked her to take her shorts off, but she said no. She just kept her hand inside her shorts masturbating herself.

I saw her shudder a couple of times so I knew that she had cum, so I wanked my cock until it cum, my cock just let go and my cum shot out all over her shorts and on the floor. As I was Cumming she put her hand under my cock and put some of my cum in her hand and put it to her mouth, she licked my cum from the palm of her hand and swallowed all that was there.

I started to take my skirt, stocking and Panties off to have a shower and she just watched. I asked if she would like to shower together, she declined. No she said I just wanted to see you dressed up and watch you have a wank as I enjoyed watching you the last time when you did not see me standing there.

She watched me shower and dry myself and she then said would you make a coffee whilst I shower. So I left the wet room and let her have her privacy.

When she came out she had a towel around her. She sat down and drank her coffee. We started to talk and she asked me how long had I been cross dressing and am I straight. I told her that it had started a few years ago with my late partner as a joke, and yes I told her that I was straight.

She is 42 single, never been married and quite nice looking although she is just a little plump. She is kind of dedicated to her sick mother. Anyway, she asked if we cold do this more often and I relied yes if you wish to. She made it clear she may have that intercourse with me in the near future as I really turned her on. She also told me that she had masturbated a few times when I was in the garden and she was watching me lay on the sun bed.

After spending about an hour and a half together she got up and put her long coat back on and gathered up her wet things in a carrier bag, kissed me on the cheek and said, see you tomorrow.

All in all a really nice couple of hours was spent in her company, and the dinner was nice as well

