Average life turned...wet! part 5

9th July 2014, 09:03 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 5

Kim came home a little after five; I made some Carpaccio and some pasta with freshly made pasta sauce and salad on the side. Lovely glass of wine slightly chilled.

I prepared a dining table outside by the pool, sun was still shinning but I prepared some outdoor candles for extra light just in case the sun would decide to call it quits and drop down behind the hills while Kim and I are still enjoying the lovely evening, or in case the sun looks down on us and cover his eyes because of what he is seeing

As soon as Kim came into the house, she dropped her bag, took of her clothes and told me, «man I got to go, I have been drinking water all day long and did not have much time to visit the loo that often, last time was, 3 hours ago and I am bursting. You want some of my coolaid Rob?»

«Sure I would love too, I get the pitcher, let's move outside and I will put the food on the table, I am all ready!» Rob said in a way like he was singing it.

They moved outside, Kim took a very quick swim in order to be clean and cooled before hitting the table.

Rob occasionally took a glance towards the crack in the fence to see if he could discover some «preying' eyes. He was still a bit uncomfortable about this but he did ease up minute by minute, especially when he recalled that Robin had mentioned that she met Kim already and had a conversation.

Kim mentions, «He Rob, when I just came home and out here on the patio, a nice smell hanging her, I presume you have been practicing the art of peeing haven't you! Kim showing a smile from ear to ear.

Kim dried herself taking a towel and picked up the pitcher, «Jeez Rob, can't hold it anymore, after my swim it started dripping, got to pee like an oriental racehorse» she said. Within seconds the pitcher filling up and mixed in with a little bit of the lemonade powder. Sat it on the table and picked up the glass of wine and toasted each other. «Looks lovely Rob, you outdid yourself, let's eat!» They started the Carpaccio and after that the salad. «Rob you forgot the salad dressing dear, can you get some?» «No need Kim, I am making it freshly» and from where he sat, a nice arc of pee came pouring down on her salad and then moving towards his own plate. It was just a bit, similar as putting a few drops of oil and vinegar on your salad.

«Will that do it for you dear, there is more where that came from, just let me know and I will serve you on the spot!» After they at the salad Rob went to fetch the pasta and some longdrink glasses with some ice in it.

«Rob can I have a pee ice cube in my wine please, the wine is great but something is missing» «Sure I will get it, in the meantime fill up the glasses with some of your special made lemonade Kim, maybe I am thinking of a new recipe, how about some ice-cream for dessert later and have that floating in the lemonade.»

It was a nice dinner, and with the extra «spices' was exiting, they laid down on a mattress and made love, no it does not take 5 minutes but over an hour, stopping, taking it out, having a «recycle' moment and continue.

Kim asked if Rob will come on her face as usual, she needs it because she believes it helps against wrinkles. Rob came, and he came a lot since he had been holding it for most of the afternoon and getting excited meeting the neighbors. There was plenty for Kim, she massaged it all in and Rob gave a hand as well. Same time she wanted Rob to pee in her hair, she usually let it soak in for a couple of hours before washing it out and her hair looks, incredible, volume, shinning and all, sometime colleagues ask her how she does manage keeping her hair looking so nice, she shrugs it off and the closets she comes in being naughty she just says, «Just a healthy sex life will do it girls» but she does not mention details.

After serving Kim to her «wishes' Rob went to get the coffee, a nice cup of cappuccino the end the meal. It is then that Rob mentioned, « Oh yes Kim, I met the neighbors today, very rare, they are never here and just today I talked with them over the fence, nice people» Rob said.

«Just talked? «Kim said «they caught you didn't they, LOL, yes nice people, maybe someday we will ask them over for dinner or so, maybe a BBQ would be nice».

Rob was a bit surprised about her easy reaction and decided to leave it at that for now. Time to go to sleep, making an early night because they both had to work the next day.

A few days went by and one evening, Kim was not home, had to run some errands, she was doing some volunteer work for a local hospital visiting older people who had trouble shopping and leaving the house.

Rob logged in on the Peesearch website and searched for Kim's blogs there. And there was! She wrote about the things they did but also she wrote about the neighbors, that she had a chat with the lady of the house next door and things became hot, steaming hot. Robin was invited after an initial chat over the fence to come over for a glass of ice tea and they decided to leave their clothes off, chatting away, and things turned to sex. Robin had said that she needed to go home because she needed to pee but Kim would not hear of it, «Listen Robin, we got a loo right in our house, you don't have to walk all that way back, or even better, I am ok with it if you just let loose here, I will hose it away later, don't worry, my husband and I do it all the time!» Wow Rob was surprised and did not believe all of it, he did not believe his wife suddenly became so open about it.

«Yes neighbor,» she continued her writings,» I got the fix the fence, a little crack there, should close it in case someone might be watching»

Kim continued that she hoped that the neighbors would take the hint and look through the crack, she did not know it was the right thing to do, but she sensed that things could get hot eventually if she could convince me to accept this new turn in our sex life. She was thinking about how to bring it to me and was asking others on Peesearch to help out with suggestions. Of course everything she wrote, was not exactly like this, she changed name and locations so other would not guess to easy who or where she was, but Rob is very good in reading in between the lines.

«Good opportunity for me to give her some tips on how to proceed, I have to watch out that I do not give myself away by saying things that could not possibly know.» Rob thought.

He came up with some nice ideas how she can proceed and how her «boyfriend' might react.

Kim came home after an hour or hour and a half and said to have an early night, she still had some chores to do on the laptop and not to disturb her please because she has to Finnish it by the morning and still wants an early night if possible. She told Rob to «enjoy' himself in the yard by the pool and that she will have a three day free weekend coming week and if possible Rob can arrange that as well so they could have a «bucket full of fun» as she called it.

Rob decided to have some mild fun by the pool, in the hope the neighbors were watching actually and washed himself in his own pee. He had put a TV outside with a DVD player and put on a movie, of course what do you think? Nice watersports movie collection is what he has, but he turned down the sound so he could check his computer at the same time. He recently purchased a Tablet, a nice one splash water proof for obvious reasons and logged in at the well-known website and yes, Kim was online! And that was why she had to go and called work!! Kim already wrote a short note thanking his character for his advice and said she was excited about what was about to happen soon and hoped her «boyfriend' would love it as much as she anticipated.

«Yes, I certainly will!» Rob thought! Rob turned off the tablet and tried to focus on the movie but he could not really enjoy it or even concentrate. He was more daydreaming about the next step in their sex life, sharing it with others!

He suddenly heard his neighbor calling out over the fence; Don and Robin were standing there and whispering, asking Rob to come to the fence to have a chat. «Hi Rob, we just arrived back here and heard you, smells like you enjoyed yourself, have you talked to Kim yet? Sorry we don't want to push you of course, especially if you have second thoughts but we are so eager to hear the answer, we have been fantasizing about it for days now. «Rob answered: «Yes Don, and Robin, things look like it is moving forward, are you two around this coming weekend? Kim and I have a three day weekend and I sense that something is going to happen, something very wet and exiting and I am making a little plan but I let her follow it through, I let her taking the initiative. Robin could hardly suppress a scream of joy and spread he legs and started peeing from excitement and of course herself and Don, cupping their hands and drank from it.

They added a little excitement by shaking of their hands and Rob felt some drops from their hands splashing my face and lips and I got a faint taste from her pee. Rob did not know if it was intentional, but they made it look like an «accident' but they kept their eyes on me to see for a reaction. Rob decided to «play the game' and said, «Mm not all that bad Robin, it is wine from a good year!» «See you coming weekend, bye» Rob went back to his chair, took another pee and before he put his hand in his own stream and licking it up, I swiped his tongue over his lips to have another tiny taste of Robin's champagne!

To be continued in part 6

