Why I pee standing, reason #9

4th August 2011, 06:57 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

This actually happened to me the other evening.

I'd gone to try out a new boat in the afternoon. It was a dinghy, barely ten feet long, powered by oars and very lightweight, designed to be carried on the top of a car.

I had no problem hauling it down to the water and launching it. In minutes I was off down the river, my destination a couple hours away. I hadn't been on the water more than another fifteen before I realized I should have peed before I'd set off.

Normally, this wouldn't have been a problem as I could have just stopped, stood up and taken care of things. But, this was such a small, light boat that doing so would have made it very likely I would have flipped over in all but the calmest of waters. There was already a strong enough breeze blowing that made my rowing more difficult than I'd expected.

So I held it, hoping that there was some place downstream I could pull into for relief. But, as I ventured further, I noticed that the riverbank got more developed,and usually by expensive, waterfront homes. Guess I would have to grin and bear it a little longer.

A little turned into a lot longer than I anticipated. Full almost to the point of pain, I finally reached the dock at the park where I'd left my car. (I'd driven it to where I would come ashore, then had a friend drop me off at the launch site.) I quickly hauled the boat out and secured it to the roof.

By this time I was bursting. Had I been so inclined, I might have searched out a porta-potty, but you probably know how adverse I am to using those. Besides, by now I probably couldn't have made the quarter-mile there anyway. But, what to do? Now, I was at the far end of the parking lot with maybe a dozen cars between me and the water. While I didn't see any people nearby, I couldn't be sure, and being in a public place I figured I couldn't just pee beside my car.

Or, could I? On the verge of losing it, I walked around to the passenger side of the car, the one away from the beach. Dropping to one knee, I unzipped and let go.

A second later I realized why I didn't do this more often. My stream came out with such force onto the packed sand that I could feel it splashing on my legs. I tried holding back the flow, even pinching the tip of my dick to keep the splashback from my shorts and shoes, and succeeded, but only barely. By the time I finished there was a nice foamy puddle at least three feet across, that I think any of my peers here would have been proud to call their own.

There's a good reason why men, or at least this one, pees standing up!

