House viewing appointment

14th May 2015, 12:44 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

I had been dreaming a long time about buying a house in one of the «warm' states. Love to have hot weather in the summer time, a little bit less hot «summer weather' in the wintertime. I wanted a lot of privacy around the house so I can do my «thing' almost 24/7, walk in the nude, taking dips in the pool and brainstorming about new ideas for my work without being bothered by the neighbors about my conduct.

I had found some lovely houses on one of the sites where you can choose from a map where it showed the locations and prices. I had found several within my price range. I contacted the agent to set up some viewing dates.

I agreed with the agent to meet her the next day in the morning.

That morning I drove over there and it was a lovely day, nice weather, warm but not too hot. I arrived a few minutes early and saw the agent already had parked by the house and was talking to the owner. When I came to the door the agent approached me and told me something had come up and she had to cancel the viewing because of an emergency and she had to leave right away but we could reschedule later that day. The agent was a nice lady in her mid-thirties with everything in the right place and I felt sorry to see her having to go.

The owner of the house, a lovely slim lady in her early forties, a bit younger than me, looked at me and then asked the agent if she could show me around herself without the agent otherwise I had driven all the way for nothing since my hotel was about 45 minutes away. Later that day the agent could then contact me for details about the right procedures on how to continue. We agreed, the agent left and I was invited in.

We got acquainted and I asked if it was alright to take some pictures and look at some technical things like the water heater, the utility closet etc. She offered that she had many pictures of the house and technical pictures, and documents as well, in her computer and if I like I could look at them and print out the ones I liked. She then asked if I would like some ice tea first and asked me some questions about myself and why I would like to move there and what kind of work I do and the conversation got underway.

She was a lovely lady with warm eyes, a bit flirtatious, lovely smile also, healthy and you could she loved to do fitness and jogging, she was in good shape. She told me that she divorced about a year earlier and it was time to move on, she wanted to move to a nearby state where she was offered a new job.

After the short conversation we got up and she showed me around and we ended up by the pool and of course the pool area was covered with one of those mosquito net cages that you see often there. She explained me the pool maintenance procedures and offered me if I wanted to try out the pool. I declined since I did not bring my swimsuit and did not want to embarrass the situation. She smiled and said that if I changed my mind to let her know.

She guided me into her study showed me her laptop and opened the file with the pictures of the house and technical information, pointed the printer to me and told me she will be in the kitchen for a while to cook something up for lunch and invited me to get a bite to eat also if I feel up to it.

I started scrolling through the pictures, many good detailed pictures and documents about the house and I selected about a dozen pictures to be printed. I closed the file, and prepared to close the computer when my eye fell onto another file that also mentioned «house pictures_ summer 2014. I decided I might as well have a look, hope she would not mind.

Opened the file and the first picture was of the swimming pool. Then saw the pictures that positively shocked me. Pictures of her nude, swimming, sun bathing but also really posing pictures with spread legs, very nice trimmed bush and each picture a bit more lewd. I came to a picture where she had spread her pussy lips and had let out a pee stream of at least 4 feet in front of her while she was relaxing in a lazy summer lounger near the pool and with a big smile on her face. The pictures after that contained more pee shots and one with her legs up in the air and she was peeing on herself, trying to reach her mouth. I just could not stop looking and got a hard on you would not believe.

I heard footsteps near the entrance of the study and she called out if everything was ok and if I found the pictures I wanted. Well, you know how it is, trying to close a page or folder in a hurry, which kept on hanging for a bit and thinking of how to hide it, either turning of the monitor or closing the laptop but that action does not turn of the computer. So I closed the laptop and stood up just as she was coming in. She started to ask me if I would like a bite to eat but looked at my flushed face and her eyes traveled down to my crotch and I had forgotten how my immense hard on stood out like a «flagpole'. She walked up to the computer with a faint smile on her face and opened it up and the laptop sprang to life again showing the last picture I had been looking at.

After a very short surprised look on her face she asked me if I had enjoyed myself and that I must have come across some more of her private pictures which indeed I had I told her. That really got an awkward conversation going.

«Well Rob, I don't have to ask you what your interests are in this field, you obviously liked what you saw, are you sure you still want to decline a dip in the pool? You don't need a swim suit you know and I think I will have a dip as well. I need to cool down especially after seeing what I am staring at now!» she said.

«Eh..he..yes Sheri, I think I will, that might be a good idea because I feel flustered, I need to cool down a bit, hope you don't mind me not having a swim suit with me».

We went to the pool, still a bit shy I turned my back to her, undressed right there, tried to cover my package and jumped in the pool. She, on the other hand, took her time and did not bother to be shy covering none, turned towards me, stood there for a few seconds letting me watch and walked to the steps and slowly got in.

«Well Rob, since you saw everything already in the pictures, there is no point and being shy and hiding my assets now is there?» She swam up to me and told me not to be shy, and accidently brushed her hand against my cock which had been unable to go back into his normal hiding place.

«Rob, would you like what you saw on the computer for real? here and now, live? I would love to show you if you like, I haven't been with a man for over a year and am dying for some fun, what about it!»

I could only nod my head. She got out of the pool, moved to the sun lounger and pulled it to the pool edge and sat down. She spread her legs as wide as she could, opened up her pussy lips and started stroking her clit. She then said «Now watch this Rob, watch as close as you like!»

She shot out a powerful stream that almost came to the middle of the pool. I let all my shyness go and stepped straight into the stream with open mouth, couldn't be bothered doing it the slow way, I had always been excited about watersports sex and this was my chance! She loved it and encouraged me to catch as much as I could; I drank and swallowed a faint taste of ice tea, moving up closer to her pussy in order to catch it all. A dream had come true!

I started to eat her pussy and cleaned off every drop. I stepped out of the pool, flagpole first, she offered to take care of me first because I wasn't able to do anything else. She started sucking and within seconds I shot my load in her mouth which she swallowed eagerly. «So that was something I really needed Rob, now I know after this and all the ice tea we drank, you must be bursting for a pee don't you? Just go ahead and love to have your pee on every inch of my body but make sure you have enough left for me to drink!»

Indeed I needed desperately to let it all out and now she mentioned it I could not hold it anymore.

I started my stream on her chest, moved to her beautiful pussy and then point at her face. She opened her mouth and started drinking. «Mm, love it Rob, I know what kind of ice tea to get, that makes a lovely tasting pee don't I, just delicious and sexy!» I was eager to taste my own and pointed my stream up to my own mount and was able to reach it while standing, filling my own mouth and swallowing part of it and then bending over to kiss her. She drank my pee from my mouth, wow, a more wonderful and sexy thing I could not think of, my ultimate dream had come true!

We were both soaked by the time I was finished. I was completely flushed and a bit dizzy after I finished and of course my flagpole was back at full force!

Behind me I heard a soft applause and a voice saying «So! You started the party without me! Hope you enjoyed yourselves! Any fun left for me!» I looked at Sheri a bit shocked and I turned around and there was the real estate agent.

«My emergency wasn't too bad and did not take long, just a misunderstanding so I thought I still might catch you here. I knocked at the front door but no one answered, heard splashing from the pool area so I just thought to surprise you two and I see you are indeed surprised! Hope you don't mind but I love to have a dip in the pool as well, after seeing this I am on fire! Maybe you two can introduce me to this kind of fun?»

Sheri called out to her, «Sure Jean, I would love it, go ahead, I am sure Rob don't mind either, see what you got, feel right at home Jean! Go get something to drink first and fill yourself up before you hop in the pool».

Jean, the agent, looked at us, still clothed, spread her legs and started to pee in her white pants which became soaked and slowly turning transparent. «Could not wait Sheri, had to do this first before filling up again, I was in need to go for the last 2 hours!» After she finished she undressed, threw her pants towards us and jumped in the pool.

Sheri and I both started to grab Jean's pants and looked at the wet spot. «Kiss me Rob, and taste the new flavor we are having!» She put the wet spot on her open mouth and started sucking on it and I planted my open mouth over hers with the wet spot in between.

Fuck me Rob, suck the juice out of these pants with me while you fuck me silly.

Jean came out of the pool and walked up to us while we were at it and said, look, I still have some left and started to pee on our faces and the pants we were sucking. At the point of no return I pulled out and started to come on her face and Jean came close with her face as well, licking the juice of Sheri's face.

Afterwards, Sheri called out, «Drinks are on the house! New round of ice tea first and then the recycling bit again!».

Sheri asked me «How much in a hurry are you Rob? How about staying a few days to get to know the house, I hope you buy it, I need to sell it but it would be wonderful to came back to visit as often as I can, how about It!»

We continued the wet party and many more wonderful days after that!

Hope you enjoyed the story!

