Oopsy, I peed on my friend

16th December 2010, 09:44 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

My friend and I planned on going to a Nfl football game today, but before I left my house, I enjoyed a wild, hot, passionate session of sex with my man. Our sex is always amazing and always leaves my body shaky and quivery. I quickly shower, dress and run out of the house to be on time to pick her up. We jump in the car, stop at a gas station for gas and drinks. rushing because we are already running behind. Neither one of us stop for a potty break. We head out on a usually forty five min journey. Not thinking about how traffic would play a part.

We talk about our lives and whats going on with them on the way there. Somehow coming to the conversation about our sex lives. We share in great detail some of our experiences. She mentions that she gets abnormally wet, which catches my listening ear. I let her explain fully and then I get brave and start to tell her about my festish. Expecting to hear nothing but negative. Much to my surprise, nothing but inquistive looks and questions from her. Already still a little shaky, I notice my bladder feeling very full. And I am a bit turned on, that she hasnt totally gotten grossed out.

At this time we are within three or four blocks of the stadium, I'm telling how full bladder sex feels and how amazing the orgasm is. Which is really teasing myself and making my urge even worse. I was starting to become very aroused, and I was also about to burst. Traffic is three lanes wide and dead stopped. Of course, I'm in the middle lane. I tell Kathy, that I'm not going to make it. She dumps her cup out the window and tells me to pee in the cup when we get to the parking garage. I am now gripping my crotch forcefully, and starting to drip. I look over to her and again try to tell how urgent it is. I tell her I am not gonna make it there, and that I am already starting to drip. She laughs and hands me the cup, and says then just go here then.

I look at her like she's crazy and laugh and exlpain to her that there is no way I can hold the steerig wheel, pull my pants down, and hold the cup. We contagiously start the laughing and make the urgency even worse. She can tell I am serious, and much to my surprise, She says "Ok I will hold the cup" Oh my gosh. My insides just tingled, and filled with sweet vibrations. With traffic all around, I slide my pants down to my ankles, grip the steering wheel, lift my butt off the seat.

I look over to her, she slowly approaches me with the cup in hand. she slides in beneath me. I look over at her, she looks a little shy about it, yet very curious. I try to release slowly, but just then I feel her fingers graze my swollen pussy lips. I totally lose control. I am bursting full throttle splashing all over her arm and all over the seat. I barely made the cup at all. I look for her reaction, bracing for her to be very mad. I look over and she is histaricully laughing. Hmmm...maybe with a few more incidents, I can bring her to the dark side.

