The Neighbor Girls, Chap. 2

2nd November 2010, 02:55 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Chapter Two. you may wish to catch up with chap. 1.

We learn Carolyn's naughty little secret.

Sometimes on the weekends if I wasn't working my job, Carolyn and Melody wanted me to spend a day with them at the river. It was about two miles from where we lived. Even late in the spring the water was still quite cold but the weather was great, usually reaching the upper eighties by late in the afternoon. We'd all be in our shorts and swimsuits along with about a hundred other high school and college kids. I loved it because I was really getting into girls now and my neighbors were acquainted with a lot of "hotties". They were usually just begging to be checked out to. Most of these young women were quite aware of their charms and used any excuse to display them. I loved this very fun time in my life.

Carolyn was now in college but was still prone to "yellowing her panties" as she called it. Even at the river and towards the evening, it was not uncommon for her and maybe even one of her friends to have peed themselves. Sand lot volleyball was very popular and we'd set up several courts with nets and a rope for boundaries. We almost never played unless it was coed and we tried to make the teams as equal as we could unless a group from down the beach challenged us.

When that happened, it still had to be girls and guys or we rarely played. There was always beer because of the heat and only the unruly guys were ever asked to leave. The girls could do nothing wrong and everyone loved the inebriating affect of the beer. If you needed to pee you would usually go in the water, but sometimes not. For the girls at least, a peed bikini was not a big deal. I saw several of them with wet stains surrounding their pussy's suggesting that they'd just peed rather than walk into the cold water. Sexy Carolyn regularly wore her red or blue bikini and was so hot that she could wet in it any time she wanted. Watching her play volleyball with sand stuck to her wet ass was something to behold. She just did not care that she'd pissed on herself.

It was almost summer, when late one Saturday afternoon the girls mom, Janice, picked us up from the beach. I noticed that Carolyn, while hanging out with her best friend Cindy, had clearly peed again. Her very brief, jean short shorts had that familiar semi circle of wetness covering both her pussy and ass crack. Her mom also noticed when Carolyn was getting in the car and while she normally didn't care, said for her to sit on a beach towel so the seat wouldn't get wet.

She was also telling us that we'd be stopping for groceries and a few other things on the way home. The evening was cooling as we pushed our shopping cart through the store. Carolyn had on a faded sweat shirt that only accentuated her lovely breasts but did nothing to cover the wetness surrounding her crotch. Anyone caring to notice could easily tell that this lovely nineteen year old coed had recently wet her pants. I couldn't take my eyes off of her butt as we finished shopping and walked to the parking lot. Carolyn caught me staring as she usually did. A sneaky smile crossing her face.

The real thing that drove me crazy whenever Carolyn wet her pants, was her own reaction to the wetness between her legs. It nearly always made her want to masturbate. If she wasn't sitting with her legs crossed, gently squeezing her thighs together while rocking, then she'd sit with one leg folded beneath her bottom, all the while using her heel to rub her pussy. Sometimes if she really got into it, I would hear her sigh as she came. More often though, she'd be smiling while rocking, letting the juices from her pussy mingle with the pee in her bikini or panties.

The ride home from the store was a perfect example. Janice and Melody were in the front seat while Cindy sat between me and Carolyn in the back seat. The two girls had just watched my engorged member ejaculating all over the front of my shorts because I couldn't take my eyes away from Carolyn's method of masturbating. She just kept digging her right heel into the yellow stain circling her ass, letting the motion of the car do it's part to help. I knew full well that I'd be cumin again that evening when I ventured into their laundry room to pull her badly stained red bikini and jean short shorts from the dirty cloths hamper.

The cloths hamper, now that was an amazing treasure chest of finds...

