My sister in law

17th December 2009, 11:59 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

We had travelled half way around the world to visit them. Let me tell you, Britain in winter is bloody freezing when you are used to the tropical heat in Cairns, Australia! We were living there in Australia at that time. We lived there for 5 year, before we moved to USA, and then to Europe after some more years, but that is another story)

Anyway, we had been at their house for a few days and, clearly, things were not too good. There were arguments and Anna's husband had decided to stay with friends for a few days to let things cool off. (I don't think he likes a lot of people in the house anyway.) So, my wife had taken our children and Anna's out for the day. I tend to suffer a lot with jet lag and I was still sleeping at odd times of the day.

So, I was lying on the bed asleep, well, if not fully asleep then dozing. You know that feeling when you are not quite awake, but you are aware of yourself? Yes, like that. I knew I felt warm and that under my pants I had a hard on. I decided that it wouldn't hurt to jack off. I reached into my boxers and started to tug myself off. It was lovely, lying there in a strange house, feeling warm and cozy and feeling definitely horny. I remember I rolled my head to one side and caught sight of myself in the bedroom mirror. I must admit I liked it. My cock out the top of my boxers and hard as a rock. Then I noticed something more. The bedroom door was not quite shut and I saw Anna standing in the crack of the door watching me.

For a moment, I froze, but then it was incredibly horny. I started jacking harder and she didnt move! (I guess she and Alan hadn't been having much sex in a while.) I so wanted her to join in with me, but I didn't want to ruin the moment. In the end, I couldn't resist it. "Anna, you can come in and watch if you like." I expected her to scurry off, but instead the door opened and she came in. She sat on the bed and put her hand up her skirt while I got back into my rhythm.

I didn't intend to touch her, but I felt her free hand brush my leg a couple of times and each time it got higher until I felt her fingers wrap around mine. I moved my hand out of the way and let her jack me. At the same time I reached my own hand forward and was rewarded by the feeling of some very wet and warm panties. Anna said "Geez, my sister is one lucky girl to get that inside her." Hearing her talk about her sister, my wife, like that was so erotic. I said "Yeah, she has THE tightest pussy. Then again, Alan is lucky to get a feel of you." She said he hadn't in a long while.

Then, almost in the blink of an eye Anna was on her back with me kissing her and my hand deep in her panties and two fingers inside her. She gripped my cock so hard it fucking hurt! She came so fast and so hard. I felt my hand flood with warmth and wetness, and it just kept flowing , and then as her moanings got weaker, I heard the familiar hissing sound and I realized she was peeing herself.

- Oopsie, I am leaking, she laughed. But you don't mind, do you?

Then she pushed me onto my back and was about to lower her mouth to my cock. I had to stop her because I had fucked my wife that morning and still had her wetness on me. I told Anna and she pulled her head away and jacked me hard and fast and I spurted all over her. We lay there afterwards talking about our respective sex lives. Then, we were all over each other and doing things I am not allowed to write about here. Let's just say that nothing was left unexplored.

Of course, afterwards there was the question of my wife. What (if?) to tell her. In the end, and partly becase back home, we have experimented with a little swinging, I started to talk and Anna and how she and Alan weren't getting on and I wondered about their sex life? My wife said, "Oh, I know Anna isnt getting anything. You should help her out!" So armed with that, later that night after the kids were in bed, and I had a few seconds to tell her this in private, I engineered a conversation over a bottle of wine. It ended up with me fingering Anna off again and my wife watching. All in all a very interesting holiday as a lot more happened.

My dirty wife and my dirtier sister in law. Lovely.

