Stairway to Hell

10th October 2013, 11:02 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

The sun was slowly starting to peek it's way out of the clouds as megan and Fiona made their way home. Two had been enjoying a girls night out downtown, and had spent the night hitting the bars, dancing with the boys and of course enjoying some drinks. It had been a night filled with laughter, which had seemed like it would go on forever. It was close to 3 in the morning when the girls hailed themselves a cab, and began to head back to megan's place on the outskirts of town. The laughter had continued in the cab, with numerous retelling of the nights adventures. Soon however both girls fell tired and the conversation cessed as the cab roled homeward.

As the girls sat in the cab, racing its way through the city streets, both began to be painfully aware of an unpleseant twinge in their bladders. Both girls had been downing drinks all night long, and had been having to much fun to pay regular trips to the ladies room. Both girls grew nervous, they knew they were still a good half hour from home.

Megan sat uncomfortably. Her need was manageable but she could feel it steadily increasing. She crossed her legs and try not to think about all the drinks she had thrown back all now making their way to her bladder steadily

Fiona was in a much worse state then megan. She had already felt the need before they had left the bar, and was starting to regret sharing that last pitcher of beer with a guy she had met at the last bar. Her stomach felt swollen, her bladder full, and she flinch at the thought of the fluid that still had to work its way through her system. Placing her hand on her swollen belly, she took a deep breath, knowing she was resigned to wait.

By the time the cab pulled into megans apartment complex 25 minutes, both girls now openly holding themselves. Megans bladder had gone from full to bursting faster then she could have ever imagined. she now had her legs tightly crossed, and was periodically grabbing her crotch to keep control. Fiona meanwhile was at her wits end. Her bladder was now a rock hard and swollen as all that beer had made its way through her body. had her hand pressed tight into her crotch, finger in her peephole and was taking deep breaths, trying not to soak the back of the cab.

The girls paid and then jumped out. As the cab drove off, they both bent forward at the waist, hands on their stomachs, trying to keep control

"I thought I was gonna piss myself in the cab" Fiona said quietly to megan, "GOD all those drinks went through me sooo fast!!, my bladders bursting"

" I know" megan said, " me too, I better get to a toilet soon, or i'm going to be very wet indeed" she said straigtening up and crossing her legs tightly, her hands in her crotch.

"I know" Fiona moaned, "I can barely walk though"

"come on hun" Megan said empathetically, as she began to walk towards the building taking baby steps. Fiona, almost in tears followed close behind.

They made it to the front door, megan bent down with cross legs, digging in her purse for her keys, with Fiona dancing on the spot, begging her to hurry up. Megan finally found her keys, opened the lobby door and hobbled inside, with Fiona close behind.

Fiona bumped into megan, who had frozen in horror, a shocked look on her face. " They're fixing the elevators today, I forgot!!" she moaned, bent over, trying not to lose it right there in the lobby.

Fiona's eyes widened in horror, before she swooned and bent over, a powerful bladder spasm rocking her body. " what do we do, I can't do stairs!!, I won't make it!!, My bladder's going to explode just standing here"

Megan looked at her understandly, "I know but we have no choice, no bathrooms down here!!"

The girls inched their way over to the stairwell, and began to gingerly make their way up the stairs. Megan lived on the 4th floor. The girls climbed the stairs, inching towards the first landing. Megan had never been so desperate in her life, each step she climbed jiggled her bladder, sending waves of desperation through her body. Fiona struggling up behind her was on the verge of tears, every step came with spasms from her overfilled bladder, she was forced to stop every couple she had to stop and hold herself, trying to keep from pissing her tights.

The girls made it to the first land and started to the second, megan was now having to take breaks to, every step jiggle her bladder as it threatened to spill her pent up pee all over the stairs. As she reached the second landing, she looked back to see Fiona paused, her legs tightly crossed and leaning on the wall, trying to keep from loosing it all over the stairs. This gave megan a chance for a break as she bent forward, and rammed her hand into her crotch. Fiona soon joined, her, also seizing the opportunity for a break.

"I almost lost it back there!" she whispered, "I've got an ocean inside me"

"lets keep going, halfway there" megan said, as she started up the third set, all she could think of at this point was getting to a toilet and unleashing her pent up piss inside her. The thought sent a spasm through her body, forcing her to stop, as her pee surged towards freedom, a drop escaping. Fiona struggled up behind her. her hand on her stomach, putting all her waiting on the railing.

Pausing again on the third landing, megan didn't know if she could make it up the last set, her bladder was now swollen, and her abdomen distended, her piss right at the edge of her urethra. She leaned against the wall, her eyes squinshed shut as she fought off another painful spasm. Fiona joined her, running on the spot, holding herself shut.

"why do you have so many stairs" she moaned through gritted teeth, before she gasped and swore, a spurt of piss escaping and damping her crotch.

Megan knew she had to keep going, she began the final ascent as Fiona took a moment to regain control, before solidering on behind her. half way up she heard megan curse, and looked up to see her bent over, the back of her skirt dampened by a spurt of piss.

"keep going megs, almost there" Fiona yelled out in encouragement, as both girls finally made it to megans floor

Starting down the hallway quick as they could, megan said to Fiona "I get first shot at the pisser"

Fiona gapped in amazement "but megs I gotta go so badly, I'm literally pissing myself"

"I am too!!" megan yelled, " and it's my place!!"

"god, I have to go so badly, I'll never be able to wait for you to finish" Fiona said, now openly crying.

Megan, desperate as she was, was struck with pity for her friend, "fine you go in the toilet, god i'm so desperate, I'm gonna need to use the tub"

As they struggled into megan's apartment, the sound of running water hit the girls ears. Megan tried the door to the bathroom, finding it locked.

"fuck!!" she yelled. "my roommates in the shower!!!"

Fiona could no longer stand still. "i'm sorry megs, this piss has to come out, and I don't want to soak your floor!!" with that she strode over to the kitchen sink. Dropping her leggings and pulling her panties to the side, she unleashed a powerful stream into it, which clattered against the metal sink, and gurgled down the drain. Her stream gained power as her bladder empty and Fiona moaned, her head back, sighing with relief.

The noise of Fiona's stream sent megan grabbing for her crotch as another spurt shot out. Knowing she was seconds from loosing full control, megan looked around for a solution. She spy'd a large empty pitcher on the counter. Grabbing and lifting her skirt in one swift motion, she pulled her panties to the side, as thick clear stream of piss burst form her lips and splashed into the pitcher. The relief she felt was emense as her bladder finally empty, her strong stream continuing to pour into the pitcher. She looked over to where Fiona was standing, urine still pouring out of her and into the sink.

The room was filled for almost two minutes with the hissing sounds of the girls emptying their bladders, and their sighs of relief. Fiona's stream wained and ceased, as megan continued to fill the pitcher.

Fiona gawked at her, " jeeze's megs where did you put it all"

Megan just laughed as she continued to pee

"watch you don't overflow!!" Fiona yelled.

Megan looked down to see the pitcher was almost full "shit" she yelled pinching off and placing it on the counter, "I still really have to go" her fingers against her dripping pussy, she jogged to the sink, and sighed in relief as she let the rest of her pee clatter out and into it, while Fiona emptied the pitcher down the sink.

As megan finished off, both the girls laughed at their predicament, and swore that it was a night they would never forget

