Our Miss Heather, Chapter 1

23rd December 2019, 12:54 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I just need to post this story about a women that certainly affected my life. Almost too much to believe, but the nice thing is, some of it is true.

You see I was young and in my first year at University. The town where I grew up was going nowhere and although I had very little money, my grandparents decided that they would pay for most of my education. So along with my old truck, I loaded up and headed out for a degree in Business Economics.

Now college is pretty much what you would expect it to be. The women are really much more adventuresome than the ones I knew in high school. You soon find out that once women are away from family they can become real sluts. They kind of compete with one another and learn as they go.

Now my problem was not with any of the students, but a professor teaching my Business Law class. Her name was Miss Heather, at least that is how we addressed her, and she was really something. She was truly very sexy, but when she stood in front of our class, she was something else. She liked wearing a ruffled white blouse that really displayed her gorgeous breasts along with various custom fitted skirts that ended just at her knees. That would really have been enough, however there was more, there were pantie lines. She always wore three inch heels with stay up stockings, but it was her panties that really set her apart. They were usually high cut full bottomed and every now and then you caught a glimpse of the double crotch band. The seam lines along her legs were so obvious, that I finally realized that they must be some type of heavy cotton.

The weather was quite warm and one week, when I wore shorts, I got so horny watching her ass during lecture that I shot my load in them. Admiring her beautiful curves as she moved about the front of the room was just too much. Damn she was sexy.

Although, I’m eighteen at the time, I still had fake ID and a 4 X 4 pickup truck. So one Saturday around ten PM, I drove out to Eddie”s Country Club. Kind of a dump with sawdust on the floors, but the drinks are cheap and pretty good. Kind of dark inside as well.

After ordering a beer and letting my eye’s adjust to the light, I noticed someone familiar. We caught each other looking, almost at the same time. Miss Heather smiled with just that perfect smile. I was screwed.

After a few more glances, I decided to visit the booth where she was enjoying a glass of wine. As I approached, she slid further along the booth where she was sitting and motioned me to sit next to her. Immediately, I realized just how intoxicating she could be. Her smell was making me a bit crazy. We talked, we talked about a lot, I just knew she was looking at the huge bulge in my pants. Her hand slipped over and let it rest on my leg. Yes, she knew.

We talked for a half hour, her hand never moving. Finally she almost casual said, “I need to go”. Not wanting to give this up, I replied “no please stay for awhile”. That worked for at least fifteen minutes and then once again, “I really have to go”. At that point I reached down and slid her hand much closer to the head of my swollen dick. She stayed, we talked about more.

I could tell that the drinks we were being served were also affecting our conversation. She’d let her hand grasp my leg just a bit harder and longer as she leaned over and whispered in my ear, “I’m so sorry I should have gotten up and gone to the ladies”. A few seconds later I finally understood what she meant. My pants leg started to feel warm and wet.

Now, I have to admit I’ve always had this thing about women wetting themselves, especially since my lovely teenage neighbor regularly wet in her pants. The little bitch had noticed the bulge in my pants one warm, summer afternoon after she peed her one piece swimsuit while sunning herself in a lounge chair. From then she used her little habit to drive me nuts. One time she came over to my house in a pair of skinny jeans that she’d peed in earlier that afternoon. She always loved the affect that had on me.

Now I was realizing that Miss Heather may be doing the same thing. “Honey, I’m so sorry but I think I’ve had an accident”.

She said it, half whispered in my ear. “Sweetheart I need to call a cab, stand close behind me while we walk outside”.

Needless to say, I wasn’t going let her take a cab. She managed to wiggle that cute ass of hers out and get up onto the front seat of my truck. I used my hand on her butt to help her since there was no step. Her butt was quite wet. No doubt that she'd peed herself.

There is more…...

