London Pub Piss

26th June 2013, 01:37 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

"You know these guys are pretty good" Grace said, as she finished of her beer, plunking the glass down on the table. Julie nodded in agreement, and Chloe smiled at the two of them, "I knew you two would like it here"

Chloe had brought them to one of her favourite London clubs. They had spent the evening dancing and flirting with the british boys, as well as enjoying the live band and sling back pints of british beer, the local stuff, known to be quite good. For the past couple hours they had been sitting in a booth at the back, sharing pitchers and talking. As always... the talk eventually turned to their neglected bladders...

Chloe downed the rest of her beer, "yah know girls, i'm gonna need a trip to the ladies room soon, I've had a wicked slash building for some time now" she laughed.

Grace shot her a teasing smile, "wicked as the one you took when we first met?"

Chloe rolled her eyes, "God, that was pure torture, I'd been out drinking the night before, and when I woke up I was late for my flight. I rushed to the airport, got through security and just made it to the last call for boarding. All that time I could feel the beers from the night before catching up to me, but I didn't have time to visit the ladies before I boarded. You can imagine my shock to discover the one toilet on the flight out of order. I had to sit the entire flight, my bladder fit to bust with all those drinks sloshing around in there. By the time we landed I was almost in tears. I ran for the bathrooms, as soon as I got of the plane. When I saw they were out of order, I almost lost it right there, but decided to try the door. Imagine my relief when I found it unlocked.

Julie looked at her with empathy, " you poor girl, no wonder you peed such a hard stream"

Chloe laughed, "while I've always been a power pisser, that was something else though!! I must say it was such a relief to loose all that pent up beer piss into the sink, especially after I heard you two pounding garbage can with your streams"

Grace and Julie looked at each other and smiled, "we were in the same boat as you chlo" Julie replied, " It built up during the flight, and we couldn't go before we landed"

Grace agreed, "talk about torture, I've never had to go so bad in my life... I almost lost it on the landing... and on the walk to the bathroom. It felt amazing be able to finally let it all" she said with a relieved look on her face, as Julie nodded in agreement.

Chloe smiled, "you two have impressive power two, and good aim... you must be quite accomplished standing pissers"

Both girls laughed, "you don't know the half of it chloe, we often find ourselves such situations, nothing is off limits for us when we gotta go" Julie said.

"Really?" ask chloe, obviously impressed.

Grace nodded, "yup, we've used urinals, trees, sinks... I even pissed between Jule's legs once while she peed in a toilet" she said nudging Julie, who only smiled.

Chloe laughed, "a pair of friends after my own heart, you wouldn't believe how many times I've pissed in sinks I've been so desperate. Sometimes can't make it to the sink, so I sneak into the guy's room, usually piss in the stall, but I've used the urinal once or twice myself, I've even lined up with the boys to piss on the wall in an alley before when I was really desperate"

"Good for you girl" Julie said .

"It's nice when you're desperate, not to have to wait isn't it, "Grace said with a laugh.

"yah it is" Chloe said, before crossing her legs and letting out a moan, "really desperate like I am now!! all this pee talk has made it worse!"

"Me two" said Grace, "I've been holding it so long... if I don't get to a bathroom soon I'm going to pop... my bladder will explode all over this bar"

"Make that 3" said Julie, a desperate look on her face, "I'm about to piss all over you're guys legs, where are the toilets chloe?"

"Follow me" she said, jumping to her feet, the other two girls right behind her. Instantly hands went to their crotches, and legs were crossed tightly. As all three girls stood, they're bladders shifted, now weighing exponentially on their pee holes. It appeared that all three of them were much fuller then they had originally thought. The pressure was so bad they couldn't walk without loosing control. With collective moans, they all gingerly sat back down, silent for a moment as each girl struggled to regain control.

"God, I can't walk" chloe cried, "as soon as I stood up I felt like it was going to just explode out of me" She now had her hands pressed tightly into her crotch, her fingers to her pee hole to stem the flow.

Grace moaned, "God I'll never make it to the bathroom, I'm gonna piss myself"

Julie was in tears, " what are we going to do girls, either way we're going to end up very wet"

Chloe thought for a moment before spying the answer, "Our pint glasses girls!!"

Grace scoffed, " are you kidding, i'll overflow that thing long before I'm empty"

"No we don't need to empty, we just need to relieve enough pressure to let us get to the bathroom!!"

Grace and Julie looked at each other doubtfully.

"Well its worth a shot" Julie agreed, "I'm going to be soaked if we don't do something soon.

Each girl grabbed their glasses from the table. Pulling their panties to the side they placed the glasses under their skirts next to their aching pussies. As soon as Chloe had her glass under her, a clear stream of hot piss burst from her lips, splattering into the glass as she sighed with relief. Julie and Grace were not far behind, spraying powerful streams into their glasses, as they moaned with relief. For 30 seconds the girls were silent, the only sounds the sounds of tinkling filling the room.

As Grace's glass began to fill, she became worried, she felt like she had barely made a dent. "God" she moaned, "I still have an ocean inside me" Spying the empty beer pitcher on the table, she grabbed it. Slowing her stream to a trickle she withdrew her glass, brim full with hot pee, and resumed relief full force into the pitcher.

Julie and Chloe were now in the same boat, having filled their glasses, both felt a bit relieved, but still fit to burst. Chloe crossed her legs at the sound of Grace still getting relief next to her, as Grace's stream blasted into the now half full pitcher.

"No fair Grace" Chloe moaned, "why do you get the pitcher, I could still power a waterwheel over here!!!"

"First come first serve!! Grace shot back

"You've had you're turn" chloe yelled, grabbing the pitcher from Grace and positioning it under her own pussy. She resumed her powerful stream blasting into what room remained in the pitcher.

"Hey... you bitch!!" yelled Grace as her stream splashed on the floor. With much effort she pinched off the flow, but her hand went to her crotch to pinch herself shut.

Chloe filled the pitcher in no time, pitching off and placing it on the table.

Julie moaned, "god you guys, lets get to the bathroom before I start again"

All 3 girls jumped up and began to hobble towards the bathroom, legs tightly crossed. Reaching the restrooms they ignored the usual cue at the ladies room and headed for the empty mens room. Inside the dimmily lit room were two dirty stalls, and a large stainless steel trough urinal.

Knowing she was two short for the large urinal, Grace ran towards the nearest stall. Her dress up around her waist, and panties to the side she loosed a massive arch of pee into the toilet, which splashed noisily in the water, as Grace sighed and moaned with relief at being finally able to empty out.

Chloe and Julie meanwhile rushed to the trough. Both had their skirts up and panties to the side in no time, as they stood side by side, identical streams of pent up beer piss bursting from their pussies and splattering noisily against the urinal wall.

Julie moaned, "god this feels amazing" as piss poured out her pussy in a thick heavy jet. Chloe stood next to her, moaning as a waterfall poured out of her pussy and echoed as it splashed into the trough.

All three girls stood peeing like garden hoses, for over a minute, as the bathroom was filled with the hissing splashing sounds of relief. eventually their bladders emptied and their streams waned. All stood in silence, basking in relief.

Grace looked into the toilet in disbelief at how much piss she had released, the toilet full to the brim with clear-yellow piss. Adjusting her clothes, she exited the stall, to find Julie and chloe cleaning up by the urinal. The gurgling sound of the urinal draining away their enourmous amount piss echoed through the bathroom. All the girls smiled at each other, looks of relief on their faces.

"I'm amazed we didn't flood this place out" Chloe chimed up

"Where does such a small girl put sooo much piss Gracie" Julie asked in disbelief!

"I'm part camel" Grace said as they all laughed.

Returning to their table the girls found their cups and pitcher of piss cleared away.

"Some unlucky waitress, I feel bad for her" said Julie, "lets be sure to leave a big tip!"

