A bush adventure!

16th October 2013, 12:07 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Not as lustful as normal, this is is just a tale from the bush for you to hopefully enjoy~!

I have had a tough year, with so many things happen it would seem like a corny drama if I explained them all to you~! Suffice it to say 2013 has made me believe, for the FIRST time that 13 might be unlucky~! However, I am still here, still kicking and laughing and determined to enjoy life all I can~!

I love being out in the wild here, and it always somehow heals my soul and gives me time to clear my mind. I may have had traumatic things happen this year, but I have been able to spend a lot of time in the bush I love so much, and it has saved me~!

Out in the dusty heat, sweat prickling from under my hat, my red curls tied in a ponytail, khaki bush shirt open over a tight vest top, long thin khaki pants ending above bush boots, eyes protected from the harsh sun by sunglasses I am pretty sure I am the most unglamorous sight you could have~! Lol~! But if you looked closely you would see the love I have for this wild bush I work in shining in my eyes, making the edges of my pink lips curve in a perpetual smile, and maybe, just maybe you would find that attractive.

So my time in the bush is busy with little privacy and less internet signal or wifi, and time to indulge in fun is limited and unlikely. Of course we all pee in the bush, so there is that, I do get to make dusty puddles at the rear of the vehicle while surreptitiously peeping at the men as they create their own puddles. I am often sure they know I peep, as they barely move to where they are not visible, and seem quite blas and proud of their streams~! But if they peep back they are so discreet I never notice~!

Some of the guys who also train here, and the rangers, are, if I may so, pretty cute, although I normally do not notice, as we WORK together, they treat me like one of the guys, and that is SUCH a compliment I do not ever want to jinx it. It's a hard-won prize, to be considered one of them~! I am aware at least one student will develop a crush on me, but I am always «arms length» with my students, as a professional should be~!

Poaching has been a real issue and its becoming a war, and I can see the strain the eyes of the guys who work in the bush. They long to be just rangers again, not soldiers, putting their life on the line for what they love~ 162 rangers were killed in the past year in SA, but when they kill a poacher they often face charges themselves for returning enemy fire~! It's a crazy situation and I admire them as much for not letting it destroy them and their passion~!

Anyway this is how it is. Hot and dusty, wild and beautiful, and always a little (sometimes a lot) dangerous. The guys who work in the field here are a touch breed, different, unique, and yet all the same in their one passion - the bush they love, and doing all they can to protect it~! And me? I am happy to do what I can where I can and when I can~!

So there we were the other day, out in the bush, the head ranger Reuben and I, the students in the field working on erosion sites, the air hot and still, the smell of grass and dust and animal dung in the air, sipping water, chatting away, trying to stay under the shade of a withaak tree, and suddenly Reuben kinda squirmed and then smiled a little embarrassedly as he admitted he needed to «go»~!

I have never considered Reuben in anything other than a colleague way, but when he said that a white hot flicker of desire flamed deep in my lower belly. As if for the first time I noticed just how blue his eyes were, and how dark his beard was against his tanned skin. Realising I was staring a little I dropped my eyes and said «Well ok, so go»~!

He looked around and indicated he would walk a little ways from the vehicle near a tree, where there was a small clearing, making it safer than in the long grass that could hide anything. He turned to walk and I grabbed his arm. «Wait, I also need to go» I said, realising I did indeed need to go and figuring that while I could hold (as many here know lol), I might as well go when he did. He grinned and waited for me to walk with him, struggling to match his long strides.

As always I had instinctively grabbed my water bottle as I followed him, and I clipped it to my belt. We walked through long yellow grass with red tips for short while, almost at the tree, and not too far from the Landy, and suddenly a movement caught my eye and my heart thudded. I reached out and grabbed Reuben's arm. He turned to look at me, mouth open to speak, caught my eye and saw as I raised a finger to my lips to silence him. I used sign language rather than even whispering, and his eyes narrowed as he peered into the long grass and shrubs a little ways left of us. After along moment he shrugged and turned to go, obviously content I was seeing ghosts, when I again saw the movement that had caught my eye. He froze and his eyes when they met mine confirmed what I already knew. I had seen the very tip of a lion's tail as it flicked above the grass, and as we watched, not moving a muscle, we saw the grass move as the lion walked towards us.

I turned to look at the Landy and then at the tree and then at Reuben. So much now depended on whether the shape we could barely see was a lioness or pride lion. If we stood still it might go past, as unaware of us as we had been of it, so we stayed frozen, both of us taking soft slow breaths. The grass parted a little and my heart sunk. It was a male. A magnificent male at that, obviously in his prime, walking with a strut as lions do, flicking his paws sideway so teeny puffs of dust marked his tread. He was not looking at us but some instinct made him turn and his yellow eyes met mine and I felt the jolt through my whole body as prey met predator.

Reuben's clasp on my arm tightened, and we watched with baited breath. Lions normally give three clear signs of their intent to charge, but sometimes they skip from zero to 3 in one go if they feel threatened. We watched the lion's body language, his dead stare making us sweat even more than the sun. The angle and distance was all wrong for the rifle Reuben had, and again I eyed the tree.

In a flash the lion's eyes changed, his head dropped slightly lower than his shoulders and I felt the squeeze from Reuben and we ran. Reuben was up in the Marula tree in a flash, his hand grabbing mine almost painfully, half pulling me up. He had had to leave the rifle against the tree to swing himself up. Thank goodness we had chosen a Marula, sturdy, strong, and with big branches low enough to rescue us. I had not seen the lion actually charge, but I had felt the electricity in the air, smelled the dust fly, heard the grass and leaves and small twiggy branches of shrubs crack as he powered himself into a leap forward in our direction. A second later and he would have caught my ankle, it was that close. I looked down to see a snarling contorted face, dark mane shaking, yellow eyes fixed on me, front legs stretched out full length, claws extended. I pulled my legs in further and found my balance.

I looked at Reuben and we moved carefully to a wider longer branch a little higher where we could sit. I sat with my back to the tree trunk, Reuben a little further along, his back to a branch sprouting from the one we were on. I think I laughed first, shakily then heartily, the way one does when adrenaline has coursed through your veins and you have had a narrow escape from harm. Reuben guffawed loudly with me and below the lion growled up at us. Normally a lion would leave, disdainfully flicking its tail, quick to forget prey that escapes. This guy did not.

He growled a while up at us, until we froze again, and waited. After some time he seemed to lose focus on us, but still he did not leave, He yawned, growled, and then sat beneath the tree, in the shade. Within moment he had slid into a prostrate position, and was soon on his back in the shade, legs splayed, dozing contentedly. His mission before he saw us was obviously forgotten. We looked at each other. We were stuck~!

After a while we chatted quietly as the lion dozed. We knew he would move on, it was the when that worried us. Would we be here till sunset? Would the students and their guards finish and look for us and help chase the lion off? But they had an hour or so of work left

I passed Reuben my water bottle as he had forgotten his, he sipped, and handed back to me and I sipped. I put my head back as did Reuben and we too half dozed for a while, safely balanced on the large wide branch. After some long moments Reuben's fidgeting disturbed me. He grimaced and apologised as he reminded me he had needed to go some time ago and now he NEEDED to go. We looked down. The lion was no longer directly below us, but he was way too close for any hope of us getting down.

I watched through half closed eyes as Reuben's discomfort got worse, and bad as it may sound, I have to admit deep down it turned me on more than a little, seeing his desperation grow. I felt a warm delightful tingling in my lower tummy and an answering twinge from my own full bladder. My nipples hardened and desperate as he was, I saw that Reuben had noticed and that made the warm-hot-tingly feeling grow inside me. I wished I could push my hand down and rub my pussy a little to relieve my need to pee and in response to the fact this was all turning me on so much. Instead I found if I moved a little and pushed down the branch rubbed against my engorged clit through my khakis and my cotton panties~!

After some time Reuben looked at me and said he was sorry he HAD to go. I nodded and told him I understood. The question was how, we had to balance, and although it was quite comfortable, if Reuben used his hands to unzip and hold himself so he did not pee all over his clothes, it would affect his balance~! Without much thought I carefully moved closer, and as he used his one arm to secure me, and the other to balance himself, I unzipped and slid my hand inside.

I fumbled a little, but got him out, seeing his eye dart embarrassedly away from mine as he hardened slightly in my hands. I pretended not to notice, and awkwardly, not sure if I was doing it right, held and prepared to aim him. This, as many know has long been a fantasy and I have nice before held a man while he peed, but this was different and made difficult by the fact we were up a tree.

At last I thought I had the angle and grip right. Reuben looked so embarrassed and I smiled. «hey.» I said softly «this is what teammates do, right?» He smiled back gratefully and I felt him relax a little. Then I felt the pee move through him and watched mesmerised, enjoying every sensation of holding him, feeling the stream build and flow along him and erupt in a powerful stream from him. A light golden stream arced out from him at a curved angle before falling amazing loudly on the dusty ground below, making the lion grumble and roll over on his side. I was in heaven and trying to hide it. I was so enjoying this. I had to control my hands not to grip too tight.

The stream flowed for what seemed like ages before it waned and then stopped. I shook it, hoping I was doing the right thing and in the right way. An errant drop was at the tip and without thinking I used the tip of my finger to wipe it and automatically put my fingertip in my mouth and sucked. As I did so I saw Reuben watching me and blushed furiously, embarrassed as all hell, and cursing silently at my stupidity I averted my eyes. I was trying to figure out how to get him back in and not succeeding, when Reuben said «Kae, brace yourself with one hand so I can move one hand» I looked up and caught his eyes, and he was smiling at me, and I smiled back relieved he did not say anything about what I had done.

I braced myself and his hand came down and closed over mine, and over himself, as I had him in my hand. As his hand closed over mine I caught my breath and bit my lip at the flash of desire that unexpectedly swept over me. I closed my eyes for a second, hoping Reuben would not notice, and I felt him harden slightly in my hand again, stiffening against my hand, under his hand. That sent another hot flame across my belly and I concentrated on NOT meeting his eyes. Together we moved, and the friction (I think) made him quite hard, as we struggled to get him back in and zipped up~! Reflexively I looked up and our eyes met~! He looked initially as embarrassed as I was but then, even as our hands together somehow began zipping up his trousers together, I saw his eyes change and recognised desire in them and I wondered if he could see the same in mine.

He leaned in and kissed me and for a moment I almost lost my balance, until his arm touched mine and centred me again~! His lips were still on mine, and mine opened and I felt his tongue touch mine and I melted, careful not to sway lest I fell~! I was lost in the moment, carried away by all that had happened, when below us a noise made us break the kiss and look down.

Another lion had joined the first, and was rubbing against him, obviously they knew each other well, and were greeting each other affectionately lion-style. Inwardly I groaned. Oh no~! would they both not settle down again and leave us stranded? I sipped water and let Reuben sip, as out lust abated a little. I realised I was getting pretty desperate myself, but it would be FAR harder for me to pee from the tree wearing long trousers, than it had been for Reuben.

As the other lion settled down with the first one and we sighed, almost at the same time, and we realised we would be staying a while more, I squirmed. Damn my bladder was FULL~! And I needed some release. I moved again unable to sit still. I saw Reuben look at me. I blushed. «Sorry, I need to GO» I explained with a pained expression.

Reuben looked at me a while, then told me he would help take down my slacks as far as we could, I would need to swing my feet far back UNDER the branch, hopefully away from the stream, push hard, hopefully outwardly passed my feet and trousers. I shook my head and he said it was that or pee my pants. I looked at him aghast and nodded. He counter balanced me and I undid my khakis and together we got them down as far as possible. I blushed furiously as it became evident that all I had on underneath was a lacy white thong. I left it on.

Then I swung my feet under the branch, jutted my pelvis forward, and with Reuben holding me, I pushed the thong aside, concentrated, and then felt relief as a stream of pee jetted out from me in an arc I was incredibly proud of. I continued to bear down, pushing it out in a hissy stream, aware of how swollen and sensitive my clit was, and so enjoying the release as you all know only I can, trying hard NOT to moan as I usually do. At last I felt myself empty, and try as I might the last few dribbly dribbles did splash my khakis, there was nothing I could do as my powerful stream wobbled and waned. I sighed in relief and grimaced at the slight wet spot on my khakis.

Getting the trousers back UP was harder than we thought and as Reuben bent over to help his cheek grazed mine and left a burning sensation. At last we had the pants up and as he instructed me to pull up my bum and slipped them over I fastened them again. It was not entirely comfortable, as in the effort to pull them up they had gone slightly askew, but it would do.

Relieved I could now relax, and I moved back a bit so my back was again against the tree trunk. Reuben looked at me, and I saw the flash of lust in his eyes, saw them look down and felt my nipples harden again as he stared at the curve of my breasts. We chatted, but our minds were had occupied with the unfinished kiss we had shared. I was half fantasising about it, imagining his hand moving down over the curve of my breast, his thumb circling my hard sensitive nipple, as his tongue met mine in a passionate kiss. Realising what I was doing I shook my head and looked up to find Reuben looking at me and I realised he might also be fantasising a little~ ! Our eyes met and he scooted along the branch so he was closer to me, and we both leaned in for another kiss, the air fraught with sexual tension, my own heart beat pounding in my ears

Before our lips met we heard noises, fairly loud ones, and realised the students were coming back. We managed to catch their attention and sign the problem, and they brought the Landy closer, chasing the sleepy annoyed lions away as they pulled in under the tree. As I stepped down onto the Landy bonnet and manoeuvred into one of the bench seats, I felt Reuben watching me. Then it was his turn, and he made his way across to sit next to me as one of the junior rangers how had guarded the students in the field, drove the Landy back to base.

On the way back Reuben took my hand, and for a moment I held on, feeling still the heat between us, before I pulled away. He tried again and I said «no» very softly. «Why not?» he asked, puzzled.

