Before the Flood (Doctor Who fanfiction)

16th February 2016, 05:12 AM

Author: pink_wetter

Location: Earth (Sex: Female) Posts: 40

SUMMARY: The Doctor goes on a marathon hold for Clara and she comes home from work to enjoy the last few minutes of his desperation before he floods his trousers. [I deliberately named this after an actual episode. Couldn't resist being humorous.]

PAIRING: Twelfth Doctor and Clara Oswald

CONTAINS: Major male desperation/wetting, minor female desperation/wetting and piss play.

(This is a sequel to «Clara Discovers the Doctor's Fetish»)

******

Weeing their clothing wasn't always sexual for Clara and the Doctor. Sometimes it was a simple convenience to not stop in the loo. Clara enjoyed coming home, dropping her bag and wandering into the kitchen without having to go right to the toilet. She often pissed in her Gallifreyan slacks, leggings or skirts while reading her bills for the enjoyment of wetting garments that didn't show it on the outside.

Another time, Clara walked into the TARDIS that had become a familiar sight in her living room. The Doctor was working under the engine again, except now he permitted her to venture down there with him. She saw his velvet coat draped over a railing, leaving him just in his navy blue trousers, waistcoat and crisp white shirt with the unbuttoned sleeves rolled up.

«The TARDIS making the noise again?»

«No, this time there was banging. I know exactly what it is, it's the fixing that's taking up time. It's the» The Doctor dissolved into a bunch of technobabble Clara couldn't keep up with if she tried. He twisted to lay on his side and she heard the familiar gurgle hiss of his wee stream hitting the inside of his Gallifreyan piss hiding trousers. He pissed and pissed without missing a beat with his tools.

Clara greatly enjoyed pairing the leggings with knee or thigh high boots. The Doctor sprayed the insides of her boots with something that kept the wee from damaging them. It came in handy when she woke up one morning late for school and only had time to dress, brush her teeth and apply makeup before flying out the door. She clutched the pole in the train she almost missed and forgot for a short time that her clothing wasn't going to show wetness.

There were people all around. She closed her eyes and relaxed, feeling the hot piss soak her crotch and pour down inside her leggings into her boots. She kept her legs slightly apart to minimize the hissing. That was a big gusher. Nobody around her had a clue. At school, cleanup was as simple as dumping the piss out of her boots in ladies restroom.

The Doctor liked to read a lot. There wasn't a single time where Clara didn't hear him piss a hard, long stream into his trousers without looking up from his book. And she never forgot the time she saw piss pouring out of his trouser legs as he strummed his electric guitar. She caught that on video on her phone and masturbated to it frequently.

«'Ello, Doctor, I'm» Clara paused in her doorway after a long day of noisy kids.

The Doctor had fallen asleep on her couch. He sat upright with his arms crossed and chin on his chest, snoring faintly. Sometimes he traveled so long he forgot to sleep. There were predictable small puddles by his feet from wee dribbling out as he slept. That was hot - seeing him dressed in his fancy velvet jacket with piss by his feet.

Clara ran a hand over his gray hair and walked into the kitchen to make tea. He woke up at her setting their teacups on the coffee table. «How long have you been home?»

«A few minutes,» Clara said.

The Doctor stretched and straightened his right leg. Piss dribbled then poured out of his trouser leg as he relieved himself where he sat. Clara enjoyed the sight and sound. He smiled sleepily at her, adjusted himself towards his waistband and pushed to make his wee spray in a loud hiss. A small gesture that turned it from convenience to sexy in a flash. Clara squeezed her legs together and watched him rub his bulge.

«You're mine after tea,» She said pointedly.

He wiggled his eyebrows up and down and accepted the teacup she handed to him.

«I want to save up a big wee just for you.»

«Make sure you wear those silk boxers and tartan trousers when you wet.» Clara's pulse jumped at the notion of seeing the Doctor desperate.

«So you can see me get wet?»

Her pussy got wet thinking about it. «Mmhmm.»

****

And the next day she had a hard time keeping her mind on work. Her phone vibrated for the fourth time in the last ten minutes. She checked it to find a dozen more text messages from the Doctor. All of them asking her if he could wee yet. He was asking in jest as a pointed reminder of their game. She replied back that he had to wait until she was off work. He sent her a ten second video of his leg bouncing as he stood by the TARDIS console. She knew by the speed and amount of bounce that his situation wasn't dire yet.

That day, Clara wore her favorite emerald green satin knickers under gray Gallfreyan slacks that went with her tight black top and floral embroidered cardigan. Strappy black stiletto heels gave her outfit its finishing pop. She sat quietly at her desk while her students bent over a lengthy essay test. A glance at the clock let her know the time was up.

«Pencils down and pass your tests forward,» said Clara. She stood to ensure nobody tried to scribble last minute answers and allowed her nearly full bladder a small spurt in her knickers. Wet satin felt wonderful against her clit.

Papers rattled and a few students giggled while passing their tests forward. She collected them into a neat pile and tried not to fidget too much. Class ended five minutes later, turning the quiet classroom into scraping chairs, footsteps and scraps of conversation.

Finally, lunch break!

Clara reclaimed her desk chair and used the stiletto heels of her pointy black shoes to drag the towel under her desk closer. She relaxed her muscles enjoyed a long, hard, hissing wee. Her knickers got warm and wet and rivulets licked her thighs. The slacks showed nothing; the only evidence was the streams of fluid running off her ankles onto the towel. Nobody could see her feet unless they walked behind her desk - for that she was grateful. She lifted her feet slightly and tilted them up so her piss ran off the tips of her heels.

Clara texted the Doctor again to tell him she was weeing and he better not wee too. He sent back a sad emoticon. She sent him a video of her piss streaming off her stiletto heels and reminded him again that he better not wee in his trousers without her.

She finished her wee and wiped her shoes on the towel. A tiny spritz of perfume erased the scent evidence of her naughty deed. Then she got up to go into the teacher's lounge for lunch.

****

Clara walked into her flat three hours later. She let the Doctor know she was on her way home. There was the TARDIS in her living room and there was the Doctor sitting at the kitchen table with an empty lemonade jug nearby. Good, he drank it all. He clutched himself through his tartan trousers and bounced both legs alternately. Large, fast bounces meant a very dire need indeed. Clara's pussy got wet at the sight of his graceful long fingers clutching at his cock like that.

«How was school?» The Doctor asked in a strained voice.

«Fine.» She kissed him and took a little pity in the way concentration drew his bushy eyebrows together. Her hand slid across his chest and downward to touch the one holding his cock. The Doctor's semi-hard cock was almost retracted into his pelvis from the effort he put forth into not wetting himself. Just above it, the bulge of his very full bladder. There was a dark wet streak near his left hip where he lost a spurt. He started bumping his knees together, his breath coming in short gasps like someone drowning.

Clara licked her lips at the sight of the Doctor so helpless and desperate.

«How badly do you have to go?» She asked.

«It's all I can think of. You were gone nine hours. I've been doing timey wimey things for seventy-two and I didn't wee once.» The Doctor gasped and bore his teeth. Another tiny dark stain appeared by his hip. His knees scissored faster and the hand on his cock tightened into a vice grip. He pushed his cock to point upward at his waistband without loosening his hold on it.

Clara smirked at him. «Take your hand off yourself.»

He did what she said. She heard a faint splat. Another wet spot formed by his fly.

«I'mleaking!» The Doctor gasped for air between each word. His thigh muscles tightened and he pressed his knees together again. The wet spot grew from the wee dribbling slowly down his shaft. He suddenly jumped to his feet and hobbled towards the kitchen counter. He could not stand up straight without leaking. He looked pleadingly at her through blue eyes glazed in a mix of fear, arousal and sheer desperation.

Clara placed her hand on his damp package. She rubbed his balls through his trousers. The Doctor took her other hand and tightly clutched it. His grip tightened when he fought another spasm resulting in a loud spurt. He tensed every muscle he had to stop it again. His lips pressed into a firm line and she knew his bladder was at capacity.

Another spurt gurgled into his trousers. The stain by his fly widened. A shiny dribble ran along a fold of material above his groin to shoot down his leg. He patted both hands on the counter behind him and marched in place. His bum flexed with effort. Clara watched another dribble run down his leg. He was spurting uncontrollably. The Doctor, a man of perpetual control, was losing control. He gave a small gasp and doubled forward again. His face muscles were in on it now. He grimaced, eyes squeezed tightly shut.

The Doctor gulped air into his lungs. He jerked himself up to stand straight with a faint whimper. Piss suddenly exploded out of him with the loudest gurgling hiss Clara ever heard. The crotch of his trousers was instantly dark and shiny, the wetness rapidly spreading upward towards the waistband and downward to encapsulate both legs. She heard the hissing weaken as he tried in vain to stop himself.

«Ohoh Clara, I can't stop it. I can'toh, Clara!» The Doctor pressed his legs together once more and gave up. He moved his legs slightly apart in a typical guy piss position and relaxed completely. The hissing got louder as he stopped trying to hold it back. He threw his head back, mouth open and groaning as if in the throes of orgasm. Three days worth of piss poured out of his trouser legs onto his socks, shoes and created a fast growing lake on the linoleum floor. He went so much his trousers became uniformly wet and he was still going.

Clara's feet splashed into the growing puddle. She wrapped her arms around the Doctor's neck and gazed lovingly into his eyes while his wee continued to hiss into his trousers. She smiled at his blissful expression and pulled his face close to french him.

They began to make out and grind against each other. The Doctor's stream lost its force as his cock hardened. He shoved a hand greedily into the front of her slacks and she rewarded him by pissing through her knickers on his fingers. He flicked his finger through it in circular motions, playing with her clit. The hot wee streamed down her legs to join his.

Clara stopped him before she came and pulled the slacks, cardigan and shirt off, leaving her only in her pissy knickers and heels.

The Doctor was still weeing slowly now because of his erection. Clara pulled the gusset of her panties aside The Doctor took his dribbling cock out of his trousers and laid her in his lake of piss as he guided himself into her pussy. They fucked frantically like starving animals that finally found food. Their motions splashed his piss everywhere. Clara could not contain herself when she felt his piss soaked clothes on her skin. She came explosively and noisily. His orgasm was equally loud and intense.

She slipped off his cock when it stopped throbbing and they snogged some more. He stuck his cock back inside his trousers started weeing full force again when it softened.

«Clara, I'm still having an accident,» said the Doctor with a teasing gleam in his eyes.

«You sure are,» Clara retorted, nibbling his bottom lip. She loved that hiss and the warmth of his piss pouring through his soaked trousers onto her. She grabbed his bum and cupped her other hand under the trickle dripping off his fly.

He pushed to make it hiss louder and dribble harder. «Mmhfeels so good»

She kissed him until he did his little shiver that indicated he was empty. Their combined piss filled the kitchen with a most erotic odor.

«Stay the night?» Clara asked.

The Doctor nodded with a smile. He nuzzled his mouth across her ear. «I'll wee the bed.»

«I know.»

******

Holding for so long tired the Doctor's bladder out. Clara noticed he couldn't hold anything for long and pissed uncontrollably whenever the urge was strong enough. He wet and re-wet his trousers twice during dinner and once as he washed the dishes. He assured her this was normal after a marathon hold and that it took him twenty four hours to recover.

Watching him casually wee himself while talking to her and washing dishes was extremely sexy. His soaked trousers clung to his legs like a shiny second skin.

Clara continued enjoying his repeated accidents when they watched some TV. He flopped his cock out of his trousers and pissed on the cushion any time his bladder spasmed. Clara found his wee arcs impressive. He shot one halfway across the room! Once or twice he aimed at her when she wasn't looking and squirted her. She saved her wee until she was squirming and suddenly stood over him. She pissed on his face through her knickers. He jacked off until his cock got hard and they fucked on the pissy wet couch.

They showered together to wash the piss off their skin. Just before, they stood body to body and snogged as they let their wee flow onto their feet.

The Doctor stayed nude when they retired to bed. He didn't use the loo despite being urgently in need of it again. Clara put on a fresh pair of purple satin knickers and pulled the blankets up over them as she turned off the light. She stroked the Doctor's gray hair as he drifted off to sleep in her arms.

He snored a few times and turned onto his side to face her, seeking her skin in the depths of slumber. She felt a warm dribble on her thigh. He always pissed spurts in his sleep because he didn't push it out while sleeping like he pushed when awake.

Clara relished the little bursts of wet warmth. The Doctor wet the bed until he was empty. He still did his post piss shiver and grunt in his sleep. She thought that was cute. She drifted off to sleep to the sound of his breathing.

They woke up still facing each other in a wet bed smelling of cold piss. Clara rolled over to invite the Doctor to spoon with her. He slipped the tip of his cock into the back of her knickers and flooded them with fresh piss. His stream vibrated the satin gusset as it gurgled and gushed right through onto the mattress. She let go too and they sleepily pissed in her knickers together like it was the most normal thing in the world.

«Good morning,» murmured the Doctor.

«Morning,» Clara yawned, her stream gushing harder as she stretched her arms over her head.

He tweaked her nipples and reached down to feel her soaked satin knickers. This served the double duty of fingering her swollen clit. She got turned on by feeling his cock getting hard. He slipped his hardening cock out of her knickers and let it rest against the wet gusset. He breathed heavily as he continued to finger her through the wet material and wasn't long before she came with a sharp gasp.

«Clara,» The Doctor groaned in her ear. She shivered at his Scottish burr flipping the 'r' sound. He said her name again as if he worshiped her. His cock throbbed and semen joined the mess of pussy juice and piss. He was so turned on that he got off without being stroked. He finished his morning wee while kissing her behind the ear.

Clara couldn't think of a better way to start the day.

THE END

