Page from a journal

25th October 2006, 10:50 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

A page from my naughty pee journal.

Outside my house

I keep going outside and pissing off the balcony.

I can see the dark streams running on the pavement below.

People are walking by.

Sometimes I stand on the balcony and piss through a funnel through the boards. I do short spurts during the daylight hours and longer splattery ones at night late.

Pissin down the wall –I live on 2nd floor and it just makes a wet line all the way down the wall. I've aimed with my fingers.

I wear a skirt or since I'm just outside my own door I'll wear jeans. I'll let loose and gush and it runs down and through the boards onto the deck below. Keep almost getting caught pissing by my neighbor. He walks out as I'm releasing my stream on the balcony. It drains downstairs in a noisy waterfall. I can hear it splashing down still as I walk quickly to my door.

I should do this more late at night instead of in the day when I'll get caught. I mean I do have to live by these people, it's not as if I wont have to face them ever again like getting caught in a public pissing by strangers.

I like to stand there on the balcony nonchalantly in midday wearing a skirt and water my neighbor's flowerpots. No one can tell I'm doing it and it is SO naughty! There are houses right next door. Someone could look out a window, and see a lady standin there looking like she's bored. But in reality I'm getting off profusely.

I like getting my mail and standing on the sidewalk in a dress, as I look through it I begin to pee down though my slightly spreaded legs. I try and stop the flow before too long. Sometimes it takes a few seconds to stop once I've started.

I love standing out in public, either in a skirt or dress, and looking innocent while I started pissing. I love the puddles and splatters and sounds it makes.

I wet all over my neighbors chair.

I walked outside wearing modified crotchless jeans with a tube poking out from between my legs and through snaps on my jacket opening. I walked over to the chair and faced it. It was broad daylight and there are lots of houses and buildings around mine. I just stood there and relaxed my pissy and let it pour all over the chair. It rolled off and splattered on the deck and fell down to the deck below.

Then I walked over to the other deck side and pissed a bit down. I turned around and looked in my window and could see the reflection of my pissing. I let a stream flow and watched for a few seconds.

Then I decided I better go back inside as I'd already made 3 puddles on the deck.

I used to sit on the porch and lean back in the chair and piss forward off the porch.

Or sit on the front steps and squirt all the way down to the sidewalk.

