Finally Feeling Welcome part 3

1st June 2012, 06:04 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

The other two parts along with many more are in the History or Search sections; part 4 is kind of written.

Finally Feeling Welcome 3

Conversation around the Clark house ran the gambit from politics to work and friends. Forty one year old Cindy and her daughter Jesse were quite sexual about anything to do with the opposite sex and this included rumors they shared with their girl friends. A lot of it was guys this and guys that. They got especially excited when they had to admit what they did while "teasing these guys".

Last Saturday I was in the kitchen fixing a hamburger when the phone rang. Mrs Clark had come home from grocery shopping and was unwinding on the sofa with a glass of wine. I enjoy checking out Cindy, because she dresses nicely whenever she leaves the house, her clothes always fit just right for such a sexy lady. Her librarian look, complete with glasses made me wish for just a peek underneath whatever she was wearing. This afternoon her pencil style, knee length grey skirt and white blouse did justice to her sexy curves. Four inch heels made her look taller than 5 foot eight and did everything for her beautiful ass.

She was a lot closer to the phone and answered. Her friend Karen was wanting Cindy to meet her in the city for a little fun. While I was waiting for the broiler to finish my patty, I couldn't help but overhear. Most of it was girl talk between two especially close friends, but finally near the end, Cindy agreed to meet her after she showered saying, "I've got to change and get out of these clothes; I wet my pants again in the parking lot at the Kroger store".

You'd probably guess that any time these ladies peed in their clothes, I always found myself in serious trouble. For them to be just talking about it, took my breath away. Until this curly haired brunnett confided in her friend, I hadn't the slightest clue that she'd peed in her underthings. I needed to know more. Assuming that she didn't realize I'd overheard her conversation, I finished fixing my sandwich and walked into the living room asking if she'd like to share half of it. "Just a bite" was her answer and when I handed it to her, I got very close. I wanted to use my senses to try and detect anything that might give her condition away.

Girl pee has an aroma all it's own and since I'd spent a lot of time in the laundry room examining both Cindy's and Jesse's underthings, I was quite familiar with the thoroughly peed underwear both of these ladies could leave lying around. Cindy usually preferred Maiden Form control style, high cut briefs in white or beige, that is unless she needed her SkiVvys protective panties. Each week I could count on several wet pairs of either style and after breathing in there fragrance I usually creamed myself. Meaning, I was stuck with sticky shorts for a while. It got so bad, that I could easily identify the owner of the panties just from a deep breath. I'd then guess at the circumstance for the wetness, placing them to my nose, dreaming. One long whiff from that patch of yellowness and of course, I'd cum. That incredible smell is the most powerful intoxicant ever.

Now, Cindy only slightly smelled of pee, but it was enough to change my blood pressure. I asked if she'd like another bite holding the hamburger almost to her mouth. God, I loved that fragrance. She just said she needed to change and while still in her heels, turned, walking to her room, completely unconcerned with the wetness surrounding her pussy. It was obvious too that the back of her skirt was still a bit damp from her peeing down her legs. Panty lines showing inside her wet patch suggesting Maiden Form. I waited for her to change and get ready to go to the city. She took two long hours, but finally, well.

The newly beautiful, Mrs Clark was barely out of the drive when I headed for her room. There in the middle of her bathroom floor was the evidence. A pair of her usual white Maiden Form briefs just begging to be examined. There's something about the yellowness circling where her "mons" would nestle and then continuing back around her anus before wicking up to cover half of her butt. Most of Cindy's undies at one time or another showed a similar wet stain. I held them to my nose breathing in that beautiful aphrodisiac.

Two things happened. First my engorged cock burst all over my shorts and second, I noticed Cindy standing with her back against the bedroom door jamb, her breasts poking nearly straight out, her hands folded over her rounded ass. She'd forgotten her wallet but almost too casually, confided, "Lets talk about this. We'll keep it to ourselves".

I just said, "uh huh".

