Working For Karen Part 4

26th July 2009, 02:36 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Karen went on gently stroking my rect cok for a little while. Then she stopped and asked me for her beer. I reached down grabbed it and handed it to her. I also reached down and grabbed mine and we both took a long sip and then I set them both back down in the grass again. Karen went on gently stroking my cock.

After a few more nintes had passed I told her I would lke to become busy myself. I'm sitting here not working I said to her. Let me do a job on these I said to her for when I said this I placed a hand on her red halter top placing it on her right breast that was under her red halter top.

Karen smiled stopping stroking my cock with her hand. She took her free hand and untied the bow in the middle of the red halter top. It opened right up as it came apart. Now seeing both of her breasts being fully exposed I smiled with a big smile. I said softly to Karen; Let me roll over and face you. She smiled let go of my hard cock with her hand and I rolled over to face her.

Karen then and put her hand back on my cock and she also then slid her other hand under my shirt. She went right for one of my nipples and she started to squeeze it. I now also had taken one of her breasts in my hand and I started massaging it along with tweaking the nipple with my fingers. We went along doing this for several minutes.

Then Karen stopped stroking my cock again along with stopping playing with my one nipple. Let me take your shirt off. So I held my hand still on her breast but still had my fingers lightly pinching her now stiffened nipple. Karen started pulling my shit up and off of me which made me release her nipple so she could entirely remove my shirt.

Then she placed her hand back on my cock again gently slowly stroked it with her hand. I went back with the hand that I had been using and massaged and tweaked her nipple on that breast. Then I managed to move my other hand and I started doing the same on her other breast. We went like this for a few minutes and then Karen leand her head over and she started kissing my nipples and sucked on them too!

In a few minutes she had my nipples stiff. She pulled her mouth of from the one she had benn licking and sucking on and let out a litle laugh. Hey your nipples are just like mine now! They were for hers were stiff but only hers were bigger then mine were. Then we made a slight change as far as to each others breasts.

We took turns going back and forth as sucking and licking. I would do Karens two breasts and then she would do my two. Between turns Karen would giggle just a little and I only smiled. Durring while we switched Karen would stop jerking me off. But she did squeeze me with her hand. We also would between turns would also take time out to take a sip of beer too.

Then I changed things up slightly. I went back using my one hand on her breast and its nipple. I went and sucked on the other breast and nipple and would also then take my tounge and slide down her body with it as far as I could go which would be down below her belly buton. Then I would go back up to her breast and lick and suck on it again.

After doing this several times and I went further down with my tounge getting lower and closer to Karens clit and vagina with it Karen shoved my head down to where my tounge went into her pubic hair at her clit and I gave it a fast flicjk with my tounge. Karen let out a slight gasp followed by a little soft giggle. I slid my tounge lightly back up her belly and just before I reached her breast I stopped and pulled my head away.

I looked right at her. Would you like me in your southern zone? I asked her. That is where II was headed. Karen let out a short but loud giggle and shook her yead yes to me doing it once and very hard. I had to turn around which Karen let me do. She gave one of my nipples a quick hard kiss before I did turn around and she let go of my cock with her hand. I turned around and I lowered my head down and moved right inward into Karens wide open thighs and I started licking her clit very lightly but very fast flicking with my tounge.

I could smell the oder of piss as I started. It was strong but to me it was a nice smell. I felt Karen stroking my cock again with one of her hands but I also felt now wetness on my cock too for Karen had slipped her mouth on to it and was sucking on my cock as she stroked it. I then placed one of my hands on one of her asscheekspushed with it so now my face was burried into her pussy! I also slipped a figer down and as I flicked and licked Karens warm and now stiffening wet clit I massaged it also with my finger.

We were both in towards the center of the hammock so we didn't swing much or bounce much either. Karen did a pretty decent combo job with her hgand and mouth. I must have been doing a good job on her pussy for Karen now was moving up and down a little which mademy finger and tounge cover more area on her clit and I also was making contact with my finger and tounge down on her slit area.

With my actions Karens pussy soon was very warm,her clit was stiff as it could get, and her pussy was very moist and wet. I felt her jerk her jand several times fast on my cocks shaft, along with doing one long hard upward suck on it with her mouth. Then she pulled off. She turned around over me so that she was in the same direction that I was. TIME TO FUCK! Karen said in a loud horse whisper to me.

Karen was straddled over me when she said it to me. Then she slid back taking a hold of my cock again in her hand. She moved her ass down over my cock and she rammed her ass down hard making my cock slide hard up inside her pussy making my cock go all the way up into it! Then she started pumping hard. I joined in by thrusting my hips upward as she came down and pulled back when she lifted up. I had placed both of my hands on her hips and she leaned way over so that my tounge and mouth reached her bouncing breasts and I just managed to lick her nipples or suck on them also.

Karen let me suck on her breasts only for a short time. She then straightened back up arching her back as she bounced andshe lwould gasp and moan on each breath and thrusts of our bodies. She then after a few moments going like this she pulled me up and she kissed me very hard. I kissed her back. Then she put my mouth back down to one of her breasts and I went back sucking on it but much harder now. Karen was really pressing with her hands on the back of myt head which made me press hard into her breast.

A few very qwuick minutes passed. Then I heard Karen grunt out loudy I'm pause going pause to pause cum! She slammed her hips down hard which made her pussy and ass slam into me. Karen at the same time reached with her hands down behind her placed them on my asscheeks and shoved me up hard into her. I felt her pussy quiver and tighten right up on my cock also!

I managed even with her hands pushing on my asscheeks to keep taking very short fast thrusts in and out between her tight pussys lips. Then she exploded in a minute or two later. Karen spurted very hard which even with my cock inserted her hot liqud sprayed out from her quivering pussy wetting my cock, my ball, and both of my inner thighs! It also srayed on her thighs and all over hercritch area.

Karen ket on cumming too. She was squirting it out on ech of my short hard inner upward thrusts of my cock. She grunted, moaned loudly and she would grind her pussy on me when I was fully insreted. Then she started to ease off for as I went on thrusting less of her warm wet cum would squirt out. She also moaned less loudly and I could feel her pussy letting up its squeezing on my cock.

Then Karen after she did stop cumming took her hands off from my asscheeks. She just simply but limply sat on me catching her breath. It took her several minutes to do this. I slowly went on taking short in and out thrusts with my cock and I also had taken a finger and lightly massaged her clit too. I was bringing her down nice and slow. When Karen did catch her breath she smiled leaned way over and we kissed several times.

Whn we took the last of the kisses I did take my finger of from Karens clit. She reached right down and put it back on it. With a smile and a whisper she told me to keep going. I smiled back went on with my gentle finger massage and Karen leaned back over and we went back to kissing again. We kissed several more times again.

On the last kiss sudden;y Karen pulled away very quickly. She said loudly and with a sound of sudden urgency in her voice; I have to piss! She started to rase her ass up making my cock slide outward from deep inside her pussy. I quicklt took my one hand and took my other hand that was above her pussy that I was using the one finger that I was massaging Karens clit with I placed them both on her hips and pushed back down with them.

With me doing it so quickly Karen did stop raising up off fro me. What are you doing? she hurriedly asked me. I told her relax don't worry Karen just PISS! Being pissed on is just like being cummed on! I said to Karen. Just that there is a little more wetness I added saying to her.Karen stared at me for a couple of short moments without saying a word. The look on her face told me that she was thinking about it.

I again smiled at her. I told her I wouldn't mind if she pissed on me at all. Then Karen said she didn't think she could do it. At least not having your cock up inside of me. I told her try this then. I eased my cock back a little further so that my head was only insereted still inside of her pussy. Then I started again to slightly lightly massage her clit with my finger. After a few minutes I saw and felt Karens body relax. She did not get up off from me.

My light massaging of her clit soon had the effect I was looking for. Karen told me that it was making her feel good and with a very slight giggle she went on saying that the urge to piss was comming back strong. It will be any minute now! she said to me with a slight gasp as she said it. I also now began to push up so that my cock slid in just a little more into Karens increasingly warm pussy.

Then anothet two or three minutes went by. Karen then started to say Hey I think I'm going to piss! But she only got a sfar as saying the p in piss and she did start to piss! Firts few seconds it was only a good dribble that came out which wetted her pussy and my cocks shaft. Even a little managed to reach around the base of my shaft and barely wet my pubic hair in that area.

Then I took my fingers and with the one that was massaging her clit with I pulled up on it and with two others I opned her lips. Now doing this I did stretch open her peehole. Now the dribbling became harder for several seconds which wetted Karens pussy more and myy cock more with piss. It ran down all over my ccok,wtted more around its base,and it flowed hard enough to reach my balls with some of her piss going along the sides of them and right down the middle of them!

Then her stream formed for she was pising harder. Her stream did shoot right down which it did hit into the lower part of my cocks shaft. It spshed off from it wettng my lower belly which that piss ran down into my crotch wetting it which included my balls asshole, and lower edges of my ascheeks. Karen now feeling that she was pissing looked down at me. You know with you playing with my clit and I pissing this feels the best! I smiled. Well your warm piss feels the best to me! I replied back to Karen.

With my cock insrted up into Karens pussy even though she did get a stream going it wasn't all that hard. So Karen would piss for a long one this time. I made the most out of it too. For I slowly started thrusting making my cock take short inner and outer slides in Karens pussy. On the outer she would ave a short piss stream and on the inner it would go from a stream to a hard dribble. I got a nice long golden shower this time by the time Karen did stop pissing.

When Karen stopped pissing she quickly managed to scoot up using her kness and she put her piss wet pussy rght up to my face. I placed my hands on her asscheeks and I licked her entire pisswetted pussy,lower pubic haqir and even down into the deep part of her crotch wich included her asshole. After doing all that to her Karen pulled herself up from me momentarilly. Looking down at me she smiled at me first.

Since I'm wet all over down there she said smiling I would want you to finish up my ass! I'll help you down in my front! Karen then moved placing her ass down which she now was holding my cock in her hand moved my cock around in her asscrack which I felt on the head of my cock. Once she felt that my head was ment to be she pushed down hard which my cok slid right up inside of her asshole!

We started pumping and we both placed our hands down at her pussy with both of us rubbing her clit and we each had a finger pumping in her pussy! It took only minutes for Karen to really get going. She was taking hard long thrusts with her ass gong up and down whih would make my cock almost come out or would be buried right up to my balls!

Kathy gain gasped hard shoving her ass down hard on me which buriered my cock deep on into herasshole. Her ashole quivered along with her pussy which Karnen moved so that she clamped hard on my pumping finger. She started to cum which ths time it came out in a series of spraying spurts.After the first couple of spurts Karen grunted loudly abd shoved her hips up and down twice real hard. Then she stopped and was spent. Her cum stopped its spraying but now only oozed out.

With all this sudden action from her I now felt my loins tigling and I was building up to cum. I started thrusting harder with my cock up and out of her ashole. I shook Karen with my thrusts. She was still catching her breath but she did manage saying softly Are you going to shoot your load? I told her loud and quick YES!

Karen then took one of her hands slid it down in the front of her crotch and reached with her fingers untill they were sliding along the shaft of my cock adding extra sensations as they slid along its skin. Then she took her other hand reached around behind her and did the same with tweo fingers with her other hand. It worked for having done this after several hard long fast thrusts I exploded hard sending spurt after spurt out of my cock up into dep inside of her!Karen helped also by with each spurts she clamped her asshole down on my cock real hard. I never cummed this hard and long in my liife!

We then kissed several times hard and full of passion. Then I took my hands placed them on Karens asscheeks and raised her up and off from my softening cock. I told her that I now had topiss. Karen just smiled and she let me turn sideways on the hammock to piss out on the grass. Once I had turned on my side she reached over and took my still semi erect cok in hand and I started to piss.

