A Wet Ride

19th January 2008, 10:16 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

«Fuck!» I said, stomping on the brakes and bringing us down from 80 mph to 15 real quick. «Of course, why wouldn't there be a fucking traffic jam on a Sunday night?» Neither Katie nor Gina replied as I slammed my fist on the steering wheel and brought us to a complete stop. All four lanes were backed up for as far as the eye could see, and I knew that we weren't going to be moving anytime soon.

Resigning myself to the fact that it would probably take us an hour to move the four miles to our exit, I shifted in my seat and tried to relax. The girls were gabbing about something, and I took a couple moments to recall the day. We had gotten up early, swung by to pick up Gina, and then headed up to visit our friend Lorri for the day. We had spent most of the afternoon drinking beers and floating in her pool, and it had been all I could do to hide my everlasting hard-on while looking at the three of them in their tiny bikinis. Now all I wanted to do was drop Gina off and get home so I could fuck Katie silly.

So, as we're moving ahead a foot at a time, and I'm thinking about the girls in the pool, Gina suddenly announces, «Oh shit, I gotta pee.»

«Well,» I tell her, «You're gonna have to hold it, 'cuz I'm going as fast as I can.»

«This sucks! I really gotta go bad,» she replied, «If we don't start moving soon, I don't know if I'm going to be able to make it.»

I hadn't really noticed it, but now that she was talking about it, I suddenly realized that I had to piss pretty badly too. And the more I tried not to think about it, the worse it got. I looked ahead, but we had barely moved, and I saw no sign of any immediate improvement either. We had a definite problem on our hands.

Ten minutes passed and nothing changed except for the increasing pressure on our full bladders. «Oh man, I really really really have to piss,» Gina practically whined, and I could feel her pain.

«Yeah, me too,» I told her, «But there's nothing I can do. You're going to have to hold it or find something to go in. See if there's any cups or anything back there you can use.»

«Ohhh,» she groaned, «This really sucks.» But she bent down and started rummaging under the seats.

«Katie, how are you doing?» I asked, looking across at her. I wasn't that surprised to see that her nipples were hard and sticking out prominently against her thin tank-top.

She caught me looking, and started to blush a deep red. «I'm okay right now, but I don't know for how much longer. I can feel it starting to build.»

I grinned at her, and she blushed even more. I knew that pee really turned her on, and it looked like just the mention of it had her excited already. If things continued the way they were heading, she was going to be in heaven.

«Well, why don't you reach under your seat and grab me that empty beer bottle I handed you earlier?» As she bent to do that, I glanced back at Gina. She had her legs crossed tightly (which made her shorts ride up nicely on those firm thighs), and was squirming around in her seat. «Gina, how ya doing sweetie? Find anything?»

«No. And if I don't do something soon, I'm going to piss my damn pants right here in the car.»

I heard Katie's slight intake of breath as she handed me over the bottle, and knew that she would like nothing more than for Gina to do just that. That she would probably like to be back there with Gina, watching, or even touching her as she wet herself. Gina, I was sure, had no clue as to Katie's interest, and I thought that somehow made it that much more interesting.

Katie wasn't the only one aroused though. The more I thought about it, the more I found myself liking the situation, and looking forward to what would happen. I kind of hoped that Gina would piss all over herself, and that then maybe Katie would to; or better yet, maybe somehow they would end up pissing together. My cock was now almost fully hard, making the urge to piss that much more demanding. But I also realized that it was going to make it more difficult as well.

«Well girls, it looks we're going to have to throw modesty out the fucking window, and take turns pissing in this bottle, 'cause we're not going anywhere,» I told them. «Think anyone will notice?»

«I don't care if they do,» Gina replied, «I'm about ready to get out and squat right in the fucking road.»

«Wouldn't that be a sight?» I laughed, «A free pee show for all these Sunday drivers. What do ya think would happen to traffic then?»

We all started laughing uncontrollably, more at the situation than anything else, and each time we'd almost stop, one of us would laugh once more and we'd all start over again. Finally, Gina was panting, «Stop! No more. Oh god, I'm going to explode if I laugh anymore.»

«All right, all right,» I said, «Let's get this over with.» I had the bottle in one hand, and was fumbling with my shorts with the other, trying to get my semi-hard cock free of its confines. Katie was watching me intently and leaned over to help, not that she proved to be much better than I. Glancing at her, I quickly realized why. She was using this opportunity to stare back at Gina, rather than actually get my cock free. I looked over my shoulder to get a peek for myself. Gina's head was thrown back, her whole body twitching, and I could see that she actually had one hand pressed against her crotch now, trying to physically hold it in.

I realized that the gentlemanly thing to do would have been to give her the bottle and let her go first, but ... well, I had to admit that I wanted her to piss her shorts right there in the back seat. I didn't care whether she pissed all over the seat or not; I just wanted to watch that wet spot blossom and grow all across the crotch of her shorts, and think about it flowing down her buttocks until she was sitting in a nice warm puddle of her own urine, her panties clinging stickily to her pussy lips. I could almost see Katie climbing back over the seat to bury her face in Gina's damp, fragrant crotch, her pink tongue ...

'Whoa! Hold on there,' I thought, pushing the image from my mind. 'If something happens, it happens - watch and enjoy. But in the meantime, take care of matters at hand.' A gap had opened up between me and the car in front of me as traffic had moved slightly ahead, and I eased the car forward until we were even once again. Then, hoping that no one in the cars around us was looking, I pushed Katie's inept hands away and pulled out my semi-erect cock.

Holding the bottle against the tip, I tried to relax and just let the piss flow. It took a few seconds, but finally I managed to relax enough so a couple drops spilt forth. Then, once the seal was broken, I began to piss loudly and forcefully into the bottle.

As soon as Gina heard the sound of my flowing piss, that was the last straw. «Oh fuck,» she cried, and I knew right away that she had lost it.

I glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw that she had her head thrown back and her eyes closed. Taking the opportunity, I quickly reached up and adjusted the mirror so that it reflected her lower half. Already a dark spot was beginning to bloom in the crotch of her cut-off jean shorts, and a long, continuous moan was escaping her throat.

«Oooohhhh Godddddd,» she groaned, «sssooooo waaarrrmmm.»

Her moans were suddenly joined by whimpers - Katie's whimpers - and I turned my head slightly to see what she was up to. She was turned around in her seat, on her knees facing the back, and staring intently at Gina's crotch.

«Yesss, yesss, yesss,» she hissed quietly over and over, as she watched the front of Gina's shorts become completely soaked through with her piss. One hand was down the front of her shorts, and I knew that she was masturbating, each word accompanied by a hiss of pleasure as she rubbed her clit, «oh god, yes, yes, so beautiful.»

It was beautiful I thought, flicking my gaze back to Gina. The stain had spread all across the front of her shorts and down the legs of them, and it was obvious that she was now sitting in a puddle of her own hot piss. And she still wasn't done. She continued to moan as her piss continued to flow, but now her eyes popped open and she saw Katie staring down at her with lust-filled eyes, and heard Katie's words and the sound of her masturbating.

Gina's eyes widened with surprise, but she found that she couldn't look away any more than she could force herself to stop pissing. She stared Katie in the eyes, and continued to moan softly as Katie urged her on.

Suddenly, beside me, knowing that Gina was watching her, Katie picked up her pace. Her fingers were now making wet slurping sounds, and a moment later I realized why, as I spotted the wet spot at the crotch of her shorts and the yellow stream that was flowing down the inside of her thighs. She was pissing too, and it was driving her wild, «Yes, oh yeah, piss, piss for me baby, oh, yesss, oh fuck, fuck, YESSSSS!» The last was almost a howl, and there was no doubt that she had just came.

She thrashed wildly about as her orgasm spasmed through her, her eyes never leaving Gina's piss-stained crotch, until finally she collapsed against the seat, totally spent, her urine now slowing to a trickle as it dripped down her thighs.

I wanted to lean over and run my tongue up her leg, lick up those savory droplets as they coursed slowly down her smooth skin, and then bury my face in her wet fragrant crotch. I wanted to suck the piss from her pussy lips and bring her to orgasm again with my mouth, but traffic was starting to open up finally, and I had to refocus my attention on the road.

Not that I didn't continue to glance at my two piss-soaked beauties here and there. Katie remained facing backward in her seat, eyeing Gina, slight tremors still running through her body, aftershocks of her orgasm. While Gina (who had finally finished peeing as well), now sat in a kind of slumped, exhausted sprawl, her shorts completely soaked through and the seat squishing beneath her at her every movement; which was every few seconds considering the texture of the roads in Detroit.

"Oh,my gosh",Gina whimpered. This is the weirdest thing I have experienced in my whole life!

"But it felt good, or what"?, Katie asked her.

Gina just laghed. "You are so twisted", and then she closed her eyes, and started to rub hersself slowly."

"You have seen me wet myself and you have made me horny too". "It can't get more embaressing than this no matter what"

With those words, she increased her rubbing and let out a moan.

I tried to fokus on the driving, but I had to peek in the mirror allmost all the time.

Gina looked so sexy sitting in the soaked back seat of the car rubbing herself.

"Oh, I'm cumming", she suddenly cried out and threw her head backwards.

