Train Accident

1st September 2017, 12:12 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

MARILYN'S TRAIN ACCIDENT.

You must understand that all this took place about 25 or 30 years ago, when Marilyn was in her early twenties, and referred to an incident about 18 months before that. Attitudes to anyone, especially a girl, wanting to go to the lavatory were much less outspoken than nowadays.

Marilyn was a pretty girl, honey blonde wavy hair, trim figure. I used to chat to her to and from work on the company coach. We were quite good friends, but she was happily married, (Not to me, sadly!) so there was never anything openly sexual about our relationship, just a bit closer than average work colleagues. We used to chat about all sorts of things, work, music, home life etc. I found her very attractive, and as I got to know her better, wondered how I could broach the subject of her wanting to go to the lavatory, without spoiling things. I had no idea how she felt about such matters.

One day, we were talking about travel, and I remarked that I never went on the underground, because I was scared of being trapped between stations. She said,

"Yes, it's a pretty unpleasant experience." I decided to risk a probing shot. I gave a quick chuckle, to keep it light, and said,

"I have heard of people being stuck down there for hours… Tell you what, though… It would be pretty awkward if you wanted to go to the lavatory!" Marilyn giggled, seemed about to say more, then thought better of it. I wondered how to keep things going, without seeming obviously «quirky'.

"It is a point, though. I know this is a funny thing to talk about, but you sometimes hear the expression 'Couldn't hold herself'… I mean, we all know it happens to kids, but can you imagine an adult actually doing it all in her knickers? I know it could get mighty uncomfortable, she might even be in pain, but surely she would force herself to hold it in somehow?" I was being deliberately naпve, of course, I knew better than that, but I just wanted to see what she would say. I thought what I was doing was risky, but I just had to take a chance. It was OK though! Marilyn giggled shyly… Then that time-honoured introduction to a story,

«Funny you should say that…»

The risky bit was over. Marilyn wasn't offended. If anything, she was warming to the subject… and she had a tale to tell, giggling and passing it off as a bit of a joke, but she clearly didn't find it very funny at the time…

Marilyn had been to a boozy party about 15 minutes walk from Bank station, in London. Eventually, she left the party, having drunk several pints of lager and lime. Soon after she set out, she started to feel that all too familiar sensation around the outlet of her bladder…. She had lots of beer on board! That sharp, uncomfortable urge was coming on fast! She knew she would soon have to have a wee. With a new sense of urgency in her step, she walked on for ten minutes or so. By the time she reached Bank station, Marilyn was nearly ready to declare a «state of emergency'.

Marylin urgently started to look around the station for a lavatory. Just as she did this, she heard her train coming in. Decision time… She didn't know whether there was a Ladies lavatory anywhere around Bank station, not many tube stations had them. If there wasn't, and she let this train go, she might have a long wait for the next one… and she really did WANT TO HAVE A WEE! She was only going one stop to Liverpool Street, where she knew there were 24hr lavatories. She could be there in about 5 minutes. She decided to hold herself and get on the train.

Big mistake! The train went underground, and stopped between stations. There was a signal failure! Can you imagine the state Marilyn was in? She was completely stuck. She already wanted to have a wee really badly before she got on the train. She had drunk lots of beer… there was no knowing how long it might be before she could go to the lavatory… and that sharp, insistent urge just above the muscles at the outlet of her bladder was getting sharper and more insistent by the minute! To make matters worse, there wasn't a seat free so she had to stand. She stood there for about half an hour, in ever-mounting panic and desperation

, hoping the train would soon move. It didn't!..

I have often pondered on the rather lengthy description Marilyn gave me next. Surely most girls, if they even dared mention the subject at all, would say something brief and unemotional like «couldn't wait any longer'. Maybe it was because I had suggested that adults always could wait…

«I don't know about you, but when I want to have a wee really badly, I feel myself going sort of numb «down there'. It's not just a matter of discomfort or pain, if it was I would just have to suffer and hold myself, there's no way I would deliberately let myself have a wee in that sort of situation. No, I was horrified. I knew I was going to do it all in my knickers any moment, and there was just nothing I could do to stop it. I've had it like that once or twice before. No matter how embarrassing the situation, I just CAN'T hold myself!»…

When Marilyn realized that she couldn't hold herself any longer, she started crying. The lady next to her said,

"Are you alright, dear? Are you feeling ill?" In her distress, Marilyn blurted out,

"No, I'm dying to go to the lavatory!" There was a muttered 'Oh', followed by a stony silence. As I said, it was a very long time ago. In those days, nice girls did not need to have a wee... Well, if they did, they kept very quiet about it!

With the train at a standstill, and that sudden lull in conversation, there was nothing to hide even the rather muffled sound of Marilyn doing a full stream of wee in her knickers, in any case there was no hiding the splashing noise as a puddle formed under her! People near her must have known what was going on, but pretended not to notice.

As it turned out, Marilyn had never even been in with a chance. The train stayed down there for an hour and a half altogether! She had somehow managed to hold herself for about half an hour, and now had to endure another hour, with all those people around her knowing what she had done! When the train finally arrived at Liverpool Street station, a thoroughly humiliated Marilyn hurried to the Ladies lavatory, had yet another much-needed wee, and cleaned herself up as best she could.

I should have liked to press for more details. For instance I never did find out what she was wearing at the time, but she was a very «feminine' sort of girl. I have never seen her wear trousers of any kind, always a knee length dress or skirt. She had been to a party in summer, so I suppose it would have been a pretty party dress. I hope so, anyway.

You must understand that I was skating on very thin ice. Any suggestion of a pervy interest in Marilyn's bladder might have been the end of a beautiful friendship! It was lucky I was wearing a loose overcoat on the coach. If Marilyn had seen the bulge in my trousers, the conversation would have come to a very abrupt end. She wasn't that sort of girl!..

Well… I say that… but there WAS that rather graphic description of the numbness at the outlet of her bladder. Even allowing for my previous remarks, it did seem a bit OTT for normal conversation. There has never been anything before nor since to suggest that she has my sort of interest in the subject though. It seems completely out of character for Marilyn.

Well, that's all the details I know, folks. Hope I haven't bored you stiff.

