Pee and maybe love in a stable!

17th January 2008, 11:47 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

In Kelly_Louise's thread "Peeing in Horse Boxes" under "Pee Advice and Tips" I described the pee habits in the stable where I have my horse. It's a stable with ten boxes, where ten girls have our horses. I described how we as a completely natural thing used to pee in the horse boxes, which for me is sheer heaven as well as sheer torture (you know... look but not touch... lol!). Noone bothers to hide what she's doing... Why bother? It's very rare that a guy looks in to the stable... I told how frustrating it was to be the only "pee interested" girl... that I had to be careful not to be too obvious looking at the other girls peeing.

But the other day something happened Everyone knows that I'm bi and there is one of the girls that I suspect is bi too... maybe lesbian... She's five years older than I and very cute! This day we were the only girls in the stable and we were talking a lot. She's very funny to be with! I was cleaning out my horse box and she was taking a rest and stood watching me working. I felt a need to pee so I pulled down my riding breeches and panties and crouched down. When she saw what I was going to do, she said: "Good idea! I really need a good pee!" She followed my example and crouched down faced to me. Oh, fuck...! An instant arousal hit me so hard I began to shiver and I felt my pussy quiver!

We started to pee at the same time. She began very forcefully, with a strong torrent and then she throttled the stream to become very thin and slow and then again she increased it to a strong torrent! It was obvious that she did it on purpose! I followed her example and soon we giggled like two little girls! When we were finished, we pulled up our panties and breeches, not bothering to wipe our pussies... She still dribbled a few drops when she pulled up her panties and I noticed that she got a tiny wet stain on the crotch...

- "I really needed that", she said with a laugh. In the same moment two other girls arrived to the stable. Lisa (that's her name) and I brought in our horses, saddled them up and rode to the paddock where we practiced show jumping. Between the jumps we talked and there was a new tone of voice between us, more flirtatious...

At least I imagined and hoped that was the case! You see... hrmm... I think... believe... I'm in love!

If you wish, I may keep you posted up of the continuation.

