Roommates Part 5: Back Home

10th April 2013, 04:31 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

As soon as they stepped through the door, Denise could not believe she had to pee again.

"Those large sodas really kick my bladder's ass," she said. Starla giggled as she dropped her purse and keys onto the table and flopped down on the couch. Denise started for the bathroom.

"Where are you going?" Starla asked.

"To the bathroom."

"Why? I thought we were past that. Come in and sit down. Get comfortable."

In spite of everything they had done so far, the bedwetting, peeing in public, wetting the car seats, Denise peered around the front room at the carpeted floor and the soft furniture and felt reluctant.

"Are you serious? In here?"

"Why not?" Starla asked. "It's our house. I bought this furniture with my own money, so what's the problem?" She sat up on the couch and pointed to the chair across the room. "Have a seat. Get cozy."

"It's a little difficult to get cozy when I have to pee."

"Just sit down and we'll chit-chat and if you have to pee, you can just pee where you are." Denise sat down in the seat and right away felt a twinge in her bladder. This would not last long. "So, what just happened... at the movies... that was new."

Denise bit her lip. "Yeah, it was." For some reason, she had trouble making eye contact with Starla.

"I mean, I'm not lesbian or anything. I love guys. Oh, do I ever love guys. But that was... nice."

"Yeah, nice," Denise mumbled.

"Well, if it bothered you, I'm sorry."

"No!" Denise said, "It really was nice. I just really have to pee. I'm sorry." Without getting up from the chair or removing her skirt or panties, Denise sighed and released her bladder. Her pee sprayed full force and filled her panties immediately, soaking them with delicious warmth. She closed her eyes and gasped as a warm puddle began to form at her bottom and soak into the seat cushion. "Ohh, that's so much better. Ahhh." As she continued to pee, she heard rustling and opened her eyes to see Starla removing her tights and panties. Starla was staring at her again with those searching eyes as she removed her top, as well, obviously unashamed of her chunky physique. Denise's final drops trickled into her already saturated panties as she watched Starla remove her bra, revealing her ample but gorgeous breasts.

"How do you feel?" Starla asked as she reclined on the couch as if lounging around naked were an everyday act.

"Relaxed," Denise said.

"That's good. I'm going to go take a shower, but first..." To Denise's surprise, Starla lay back on the couch, legs stretched out, as if she were getting cozy for a nap. Then, with arousing sigh, she spread her legs and sprayed her pee all over her thighs and the couch. "Oh... Oh my god... Mmm..." she moaned as her urine splashed all over her inner thighs and created a puddle on the couch cushion. As Denise watched, enthralled, Starla reached one of her fingers down and began to caress her clitoris. "Ahh... Oh, this feels so good."

As if it were an invitation, Denise removed her panties and sat back in the chair, spreading her legs just enough to allow access for her fingers. After a few strokes, Starla opened her eyes and gazed at Denise again with those big eyes and soon both of them were crying out, rubbing more furiously, Starla making a mess as she splashed drops of pee all over her legs and stomach. They climaxed together, never breaking their eye contact.

Denise felt the need to pee again and she didn't try to control it, letting it seep out of her in small rivulets that absorbed quietly into the seat cushion.

"Okay, shower time."

