How I began to wet

29th December 2012, 02:52 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Everyone's got an origin story, right? A tale about how they got into WS. Well, here's mine.

Let's go back 10 or so years. I'm omitting my exact age for the sake of moderators, so you're just gonna have to guess. On this particular day, I was attending one of the many pep rallies that all American high schools have. While the band was marching around and the cheerleaders were bouncing up and down and the faculty were squawking on the mics, the students in the stadium seats were all patiently waiting for the inanity to end so they could flee home. Ahh, memories.

Of course, no high school is complete without their bad apples. A couple of real brainiacs thought it would be funny to run down next to the field, grab the hose hooked up to the stadium spigot, hose as many students down as they could, and run off again. Cute. This was before my decision to free my lower half, so I was wearing shorts at the time. Not jean shorts, more like that cargo pants material; I can't remember what it's called... Anyway, it was a blazing hot day; very close to the summer. And here are these dingbats with a hose. And here's me in the front row of the stadium seats.

Lots of us got hosed, and as fate would have it, I got a direct stream of water right at my shorts. My lower half was instantaneously soaked, right through my panties. The perps didn't run as fast as they thought they could, and were caught. Everyone had a good laugh of course, and some of the more soaked of us went back inside the school to dry off. I got up to go with them, but I secretly trailed off and began my walk home... by this time, I was experiencing some interesting sensations.

See, what nobody counted on was the hot temperature warming up the water in the spigot. It wasn't scalding of course, but it was very, very warm. And I just got blasted with it in my sensitive bits. I was a little put off from suddenly becoming wet, like everyone else there, but as that warmed water surrounded my crotch, soaking through my shorts and panties, saturating my lady parts, I immediately realized: It felt good. It turned me on. And I wanted to do it more.

After getting home and settling in for the day, I started experimenting. I got in my bathtub and positioned my bare pussy under the spigot. I turned on the water, and made sure the flow wasn't too hard. The water splashing against me felt nice, but it wasn't the same feeling as before. That's right, the water was really warm! I turned up the temperature of the water. That certainly got me going... I began touching myself and thinking back to when the hose splashed me... soaking me through my clothes.

I had a naughty thought. I got out of the tub and dried myself off, then went and got a dry pair of panties, putting them on. I got back in the tub, tested the water to make sure it was warm enough, then re-positioned myself. The water streamed out and soaked my panties, surrounding my lady bits in warmth and wetness. I was I heaven! And it felt so naughty too; deliberately making something wet that isn't supposed to be. I loved the sensations and I wanted them to never stop! I was having some serious multiple orgasms while playing with myself, too. I knew immediately that this was my new favorite kink.

I also knew immediately that I had to pee. What? You expected any different from all that water play and orgasming? My bladder was suddenly crying out like an air-raid siren. I immediately leaped up, threw off my panties and hopped on the can. As I relieved myself, I laughed at a thought I had: "Why bother taking those off if they were already wet?" Why bother indeed? But then I started thinking about it more seriously...

"Wetting myself?"

"No, that's something kids and incontinents do."

"Still though, pee is warm fluid, just like the water. It could provide the same sensations."

"It's also smelly. And stains things yellow."

"But... it certainly would make it convenient when you're that special kind of horny." (Curse my brain! )

The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to learn. I went to my dad's PC and after a few minutes of internet searching, I encountered my first WS site. I could hardly believe it; pee-play was a real sexual fetish! Only, the people I observed were doing things that just plain grossed me out. Remember kids, not all aspects of WS are for everyone. However, I saw plenty of ladies intentionally wetting themselves, and sitting on the sexual fence myself, that got me seriously buzzed. No denying it now; I had to try it myself.

I waited a few hours and drank a lot of water. I read that it dilutes the color and smell, so I was more than willing to try. By the time my parents headed off to bed, I was more than ready. I put on a dry pair of panties, sat on the toilet, and... nothing happened. Oh, I was ready to pee. Practically bursting. But my brain was still telling the rest of me I had to take something off before letting go. Argh! I took deep breaths and flexed my pelvic muscles, but it was still pretty tough.

Finally, I just closed my eyes and relaxed as much as I could. At last, I felt a surge of warmth on my pussy. I had peed a little, but the cloth of the panties had absorbed and dispersed it all along my most intimate areas. It was warm and wet, and I loved it! I immediately gave a push and the rest of my pee came flooding through my panties. As I saturated my entire crotch, I pulled the panties tight against myself and cooed in delight. It just felt so damn good; not just the sensations on my pussy but also the fact I was doing something so taboo.

I began to wet myself quite often after that. I took spare panties to school so I could wet during bathroom breaks. I was making it such a part of my life, in fact, that I discovered I was feeling sexually aroused, like, ALL the time. It was then I started going commando on a regular basis... but now I'm getting off-topic. That's how I got into WS, specifically wetting. I hope my story could inspire others.

