Hotel Room Surprise (m/f watersports)

29th October 2010, 03:35 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Michael Hatcher sat down at his hotel room desk and booted up his computer. He had just checked in a little while ago; it was now about 3:30 in the afternoon. In a couple of hours Mike would go out and find a place to eat dinner. For now he was going to check out a little porn on his lap top.

Normally, when Mike would look at porn in a hotel room, he would get himself completely undressed, place a couple of towels on the chair, fill several glasses w/ water, and alternately piss himself and stroke his dick while watching pissing porn. As he hadn't yet eaten, however, he decided that he would just drop his pants to the floor and stroke himself for a while. The pissing and the towels would have to wait until he came back to his room after dinner.

Watching pissing porn on his lap top was what Mike looked forward to the most when he went on travel. His was married to a very emotional and temperamental wife, one who loved to watch porn when she was horny, sometimes with him sometimes without, but would scold him if she caught him watching porn by himself. One thing she would never do is watch pissing porn, which she found disgusting. She had, in fact, several months before picked up his Android phone and saw a picture of a pissing girl on the screen. She yelled at and berated him, called him sick, told him he needed to see a psychiatrist, and even punched him. He calmed her down, told her that someone had sent him the link to picture, finding it funny. While this not the truth, she seemed to buy it. He told her that he had no interest in such pictures, and said he would never go to that site again.

She reluctantly took him at his word, but still didn't totally trust him, and would often bring up the incident when they got into a fight. Here, on the road, however, he could look at whatever pissing pictures and video clips he wanted, and she would be none the wiser. He loved going on business travel.

As soon as the computer finished booting up, he opened a browser window and went to his favorite site, PeeSearch.net. This happened to be, in fact, the very site which he had been looking at on his phone that day. As soon as the site came up he went to the galleries, and started to download some newly uploaded pissing movies. As soon as a handful of the clips downloaded, he started to watch them, stroking his cock as he did so.

###

Cynthia Gonzalez had just been informed that the bedding in room 210 needed to be changed. Apparently the morning maid had used a comforter that she wasn't supposed to use while making the bed this morning, one that had a stain on it. Now she had to make up for that woman's mistake by replacing the bedding before anyone checked in to the room.

Cynthia hated almost everything about working as a maid at the hotel. Her mother was the head of housekeeping here, and had insisted that Cynthia help her out during the summer. Cynthia had no desire in following in her mother's footsteps. She was, in fact, the valedictorian of her senior class, had achieved a perfect 2400 on her SATs, and would be starting at Cal Tech in the fall on a full scholarship. She had worked her ass off in school so that she would never have to clean up after people, as her mom did. Instead she planned to be an electrical engineer, a natural fit, being that she was extremely gifted in math and science. Working at this fucking hotel was not what she wanted to do, even if it was only a summer job.

Still, there was one perk to working at the hotel, something that she would take advantage of when she got to room 210. She had discovered it during her first week on the job.

She had been cleaning rooms on the third floor, and was about to knock on room 306 to see whether or not the guests were still in the room, when an attractive young couple walked out, wheeling their luggage. Upon seeing her they both turned red, and the girl gave her a look as if to say «I'm sorry.» As she watched the couple walk towards the elevator, obviously headed to the lobby to check out, she walked in the room, expecting to find that they had trashed it, given their strange behavior.

To her surprise everything seemed to be fine as she walked through the room. «What the fuck were they so embarrassed about?» she wondered, as the room looking typical for guest checking out. It wasn't until she went to change the sheets that she realized why they acted the way they did.

The sheets on the bed were soaking wet. She leaned down to sniff them, and realized that they smelled of pee. Cynthia was shocked. She had always been fascinated by pee. At parties, she always tried to sneak a peek anytime the guys went out back to relieve themselves on some bushes. She had recently discovered, having had an accident in a bathing suit, how good it felt to piss yourself. One of her chores at home was doing the laundry, and she now waited until her mom and dad were out of the house to load the washer. Before doing so, she would stand in the shower and piss her pants, then strip out of them and throw them in the washer w/ the rest of the clothes. Laundry had quickly gone from her least favorite to most favorite chore.

She had, however, been ashamed at her fascination with pee. She had heard others joke about golden showers, but didn't really believe that people did such things, and figured that she was alone with this new found passion. This couple, however, and had apparently pissed on the bed, quite possibly on each other. This knowledge was liberating; she wasn't alone, someone else enjoyed the same things that she did.

Holding these wet sheets, and thinking about the couple must have done, turned Cynthia on immensely. She went over to the door and locked the interior locks to make sure no one else tried to enter the room, and then stripped off her clothes. On the way back to the bed she stopped at the mirror to admire her body.

In addition to being the top scholar at her school, Cynthia had also been the star of the girls track and field team. She had a very fit, toned body, which was something that she felt very good about. She did wish that she had bigger tits, but, as her ex boyfriend used to say, «anything more than a hand or a mouth full is a waste.» She had long, straight black hair, an amazing smile, and an absolutely beautiful face. Many girls were envious of her, saying she had it all: beauty, brains, and athleticism. While she had to credit her parents with her beauty, she had worked hard for the rest.

Making her way to the bed, she laid down in the wet sheets, and squirmed around in them. She imagined the guy standing over the girl, piss flowing out of his cock and all over her body, soaking her legs, her tits, her face, and her hair. The thought turned her on immensely, and she started to finger her pussy. As she massaged her clit, she started to piss. «Why not,» she thought, «the sheets are soaked anyway.»

She couldn't believe how good wetting the bed felt. She loved the sensation of the piss flowing past her fingers, running off of her legs, and puddling beneath her ass on the bed. She continued to masturbate and piss, which led to a huge orgasm.

As she came down from her orgasm she laid in the bed for a few more minutes, reveling in what she had just done. She then got up, took a quick rinse in the shower, got dressed, and cleaned the room. To her amazement, she had actually found a silver lining to working at the hotel that summer.

Since that incident, Cynthia would occasionally repeat what she had done that day: find the room of someone who had checked out, undress and piss and masturbate in the bed, then rinse off and clean the room. As the sheets were supposed to get laundered anyway no one was the wiser. She figured, in fact, that she would take advantage of her current task, and piss the bed in 210 before making it up with fresh sheets.

Cynthia reached the room w/ her cart, slid in her master key, opened the door and quickly walked in, anxious to start her wet fun.

###

Mike was shocked as the door to his room opened, and even more shocked as the beautiful young maid entered. He sat there bewildered for a second, pants around his ankles, his hard dick in his hand, and a video clip of a guy and a girl pissing on another girl on his computer screen. He then reached down and tried to pull up his pants with his left hand, while he frantically clicked the mouse button with his right hand, trying to close the media player. He was not successful.

Cynthia froze for second, stunned as well. She had been told that no one had checked into this room yet - obviously that was not the case. She was so embarrassed, having walked in on a guy jacking off while watching porn. His struggles to close the media player drew her attention to the screen, where she saw a couple giving a girl a golden shower. «Holy shit, that's so hot!» she thought to herself.

Mike, flustered, finally succeeded in closing the player, and at least had his pants up around his waist, though they had yet to be fastened. He realized that Cynthia had seen him stroking himself, and knew that she must have seen what was on the screen. «Hey look, I'm sorry, I was just, uh  hey, what the hell are you doing in my room!?»

Cynthia quickly appraised the situation. Mike was over six feet tall. He was a little older, with hair graying around the temples, but he had kept himself in great shape. In fact, with his brown hair, green eyes, and chiseled features, he was a very handsome guy. Most importantly, he was obviously into the same kink that she was. This may be her one and only chance to experience this with another person. She immediately knew her answer to his question. «I'm here to strip down and piss on your bed. It's your choice whether or not you want to continue jacking off to porn, watch me, or join me.» With that she slipped off her maid's outfit and headed toward the bed.

«What the fuck is going on here?» Mike thought to himself, his mouth agape. Less than a minute ago he was fantasizing about engaging in water sports with a girl as he watched porn on his computer. He figured that with his wife that's all water sports would ever be, a fantasy. Now here in his room was an extremely sexy girl asking him if he wanted to join her while she pissed in his bed. He could not believe his luck.

He started towards the bed, then hesitated. In twenty years of marriage he had never cheated on his wife. She had berated him, called him names, and controlled every aspect of his life. Their sex life had become almost non-existent, with the two of them only making love about five to ten times a year. Still, for some reason he still cared for her, and knew that it would be wrong to cheat on her, no matter how big a bitch she was. He didn't know what to do.

Cynthia had pulled back the covers, and was sitting up, naked, by the headboard. She had figured that getting this guy into bed was going to be easy. She knew she was hot, that he was horny, and that he was into pissing. She wondered what the delay was, figuring it must have something to do with a wife or girlfriend. She was horny herself, however, and didn't want to let an unbelievable opportunity like this pass her by. «Well, are you coming or not?» she asked. With that she let a quick fountain of piss fly from her pussy.

Mike's erection returned as he saw her sitting on the bed, legs spread, and that quick stream of piss hitting the sheets. «Fuck it,» he thought, «what that bitch back home doesn't know won't hurt her.» With that he let his pants hit the floor, stepped out of them, and removed the rest of his clothes on the way to the bed.

Cynthia slid down the bed as he approached, and he laid down next to her. He placed his hand behind her head and gently guided her face towards his, and gave her a deep, passionate kiss. As he kissed her he realized that he hadn't felt this much passion in years.

Cynthia reached down and stroked his throbbing cock. She couldn't believe what she was doing, about to fuck a stranger at the hotel where she worked. She didn't care, however. She always imagined what it would be like to play her wet games with a partner, and now she had one. She didn't know if he was married, engaged, or had a steady girlfriend, and really didn't give a fuck. She wanted him, and wanted him now.

She broke off the kiss, sat up, and then swung one leg over his body and straddled him. «Would you like me to piss on you?» she asked.

«Yes, please, I want your piss. Please piss on me!»

Cynthia released the pressure on her bladder, and a strong stream of piss came out, hitting his hard cock and soaking his balls. Mike could not believe how good this felt. It was better than he ever imagined. He reached down and grabbed her ass cheeks and gently pulled on them, signaling for her to move forward. She did so, and he slid down the bed at the same time. Her piss washed over his stomach, then his chest. Finally he leaned up so that his mouth could catch her stream.

He had only tasted his own piss before, doing so while fantasizing that he was drinking the piss of the girl in the picture or video he was viewing. To be drinking the piss of a woman, and such a hot one at that, was exquisite, and, like the cock washing, better than he ever imagined.

Cynthia's stream started to wane, and finally ended. As soon as it did, Mike started licking her upper legs and her pussy, cleaning off any remaining drops. He then concentrated his effort on her pussy, tonguing her clit, eating her with wild abandon.

Cynthia had never been so turned on in all of her life. She couldn't believe how naughty she felt when she started pissing on his dick. The feeling was electric. She also couldn't believe it when he started to drink her piss. She had never really thought about drinking piss before, but watching him drink hers was so naughty, so raunchy, that she couldn't help but be turned on by it. And now his expert tongue on her pussy felt so good she couldn't help but orgasm, soaking his face again, this time with her cum.

When she came off of her orgasm she dismounted his face, leaned down, and gave him a passionate kiss. She could taste her piss and cum on his lips, and this fact turned her on even more. He slid by up the bed, and she licked and kissed down his body as he did so. She found that she actually liked the slightly salty taste of her own piss. She made her way down to his cock, and started to lick and suck on it.

Mike was in heaven. This was the first time a woman had ever pissed on him, and it was wonderful. It was also the first time in years that he had received a blow job, as his wife had stopped doing that for a long time ago. He loved the feeling of her tongue on his shaft, and the sensation of her hot mouth around his cock. It was, in fact, almost too much for him. «You had better stop unless you want me to cum,» he told her.

Cynthia thought about it for a second. She had never swallowed any of her boyfriends' cum, as she had always been grossed out by the idea. Now, however, the idea seemed deliciously naughty. She continued to suck, felt his dick start to spasm, and then felt the spurts of hot cum hit her throat. She continued to suck him until he stopped cumming, wondering why she had never tried this before.

After she finished sucking him off, she looked at him and said «Now it's my turn. I want you to piss on me.» Mike got on his knees on the bed, took his cock in his hand, and pointed it at her, when she stopped him. «I want you to stand on the bed as you do it.»

This was the position that she had imagined being pissed on every since she found that couples' wet bed, and wanted to live out the fantasy she had masturbated to so many times. «Where do you want me to aim it,» he asked.

«Start at the bottom and work your way up,» she told him. He did just that, aiming his dick at her pussy before releasing a power stream of piss. She loved how it felt as it hit her pussy lips, and then she spread them, allowing the stream to hit her clit. She couldn't believe how good it felt. Mike then moved the stream up her body, filling her navel, and then moving it up further and soaking her tits. With one hand playing with her pussy, Cynthia moved her other hand to her tits, rubbing the piss all over them while he soaked her. Finally she sat up and took the last of his stream in her mouth, drinking as much of his piss as she could. A few minutes ago she had never even considered drinking piss, now she was loving it.

As soon as his stream stopped Mike laid down on the bed next to her and started kissing her, tasting his piss on her lips. He then started kissing down her body, while at the same time fingering her pussy. He was licking his piss off her tits when she came for a second time.

«Oh, fuck, that was awesome!» Cynthia said as she came off of her orgasm.

«Absolutely. That was the best sexual experience of my life,» agreed Mike.

«You know, I haven't got your name yet,» laughed Cynthia.

«Mike. Trust me, it was been my upmost pleasure to meet you.»

«Cynthia, and honestly, the pleasure's all mine. I would love to lay here and play some more, but I have to clean up, replace your sheets, and get back to work. How long are you in town for?»

«A week.»

«That will work. How about I meet here in your room tomorrow night, about 6 o'clock?»

«It's a date.»

