Her Birthday

23rd May 2012, 04:16 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

Her birthday was that weekend. A responsible boyfriend for once, I'd got her a very nice card, a big bunch of roses and a little gold necklace I knew she'd had her eye on. What I did not know was that she had her own plans for birthday fun.

All the stuff for the big day was hidden in the trunk of my car when we went out to dinner and a movie on Friday night. The plan was for me to stay over at her place; we hadn't seen much of each other for a week, and as if we weren't horny enough already, she'd dressed up for me - tight in all the right places.

Our hands wandered all over each other in the dark theater, and when the movie got out about 11pm, and I was very tempted to stop by the restrooms before the short drive to her place. She didn't want to stop like she usually does and just led me out the doors into the parking lot. Not one to loudly proclaim the weakness of my bladder or anything, and wanting to get down to business as quickly as possible, I didn't say a word. We'd parked pretty far out - it was crowded when we got there and the only place I could find was in a far corner under a big pine tree.

I unlocked the door for her and was expecting her to go around and get in, but instead she followed me to the driver side and pinned me against the door, grabbing my butt and giving me a firm kiss in the darkness. She was pressing her body into me and seemed really turned on - normally an excellent thing, but I was reminded I had to pee pretty badly when she pressed up against me like that. I felt her up, running my hands down her body - she was wiggling her ass around and rubbing her breasts up against my chest - really hot.

I was getting really turned on, and I could tell she was too ... but I still had to pee, and the cool air was not making it any easier. I pulled back a little bit. "Honey, I'm sorry, but I *really* have to take a leak."

"Can't you wait?" She pulled me to her harder, running her hands up my back underneath my shirt.

Well, since she put it that way, and was so turned on for some reason, I resolved to give it my best shot. I held it with renewed effort, kissing her while running my hands up and down her body - feeling up under her shirt, and grabbing her soft ass down the back of her jeans. She was moaning a little bit, rubbing herself up against me almost frantically ... she was getting really excited, and I thought we might end up going all the way right there in the dark lot, but finally she pulled away just a little and said "Wow. Let's go."

I still really had to pee ... bad enough I wasn't sure I was going to make it the ten minutes to her place. I was pretty much dancing in place when I tried to concentrate on anything but not peeing. I thought about slipping away behind the pine tree, but she was somehow already in the car waiting.

"Come On!"

Well. Okay, then. I was just going to have to hold it. Horny girlfriend in car trumps bursting bladder.

The drive home was chaotic - me concentrating more on not wetting myself, clamping it off between my legs at every stop, her suddenly impatient, yelling at the lights, every one of which seemed to be red. When we finally got there, I was somehow still dry and we burst out of the car and half-ran up to her apartment door.

She was fumbling with the keys while I muttered under my breath "come on ... come on." It was bad now, I couldn't stop moving around, feeling like I was going to spurt in my briefs any second. Finally, she got the key into the lock and opened the door - I was ready to rush in, but she just stood there, facing me.

"Honey - let me in, I've *really* got to go." It was all I could do not to grab myself.

"Birthday. It's my birthday." She suddenly had a mysterious smile. "You said you'd do whatever I want ... and I want you to wait just a little longer."

"What?" It must have been past midnight. I was blatantly holding myself now.

"Come on. It's really making me hot. I have to go too, you know." I hadn't been paying much attention to her, but it would make sense - having skipped her usual post-theater relief.

"Really bad." She whispered it shyly. She was actually dancing in place, and it was kind of sexy the way she moved. I'd been reluctant to admit that I needed to pee so badly, but I guess she had too. Since she seemed to need to go too, and seemed to have planned it all, that somehow made it okay.

"I don't think I can last much longer!" I wasn't kidding. I was rubbing myself continuously, trying to distract from the spasms.

She stepped across the threshold and immediately pulled me into her bedroom, maybe she thought I'd make a lunge for the bathroom on the way there. Her bedroom is sort of girls - lacy white comforter and stuffed animals occupying the bed. Stuff like that.

"I'm going to undress you." She tugged at my jeans.

I had to help her with some parts - tight clothes don't want to come off, and we had to stop a few times for me to hold myself. I could see now that she was still very turned on, nipples showing through her top and her breath coming quickly. She was also squirming around as she gingerly bent to remove my briefs, but seemed to be making a point of not holding herself like I had to. I was getting really distracted by the way she had to keep moving her butt in little circles, and how that made her stick her chest out in my face.

Finally, I was standing there naked, rubbing myself into my leg to keep from peeing all over the carpet.

"Now undress me." She said it in such a sensual way, offering herself up as a barely-wrapped present.

I tried to be quick, working between the spasms. It was hard to bend down to pull off her jeans. I felt her body tensing beneath my touch, obviously struggling to hold it in almost as hard as I was. Removing her bra, I brushed her nipples and she gasped. I left the panties for last - damp in the crotch and warm with her body heat. I brought my face up close as I pulled them down and blew a little kiss at her.

She was so beautiful in the dim light - we could not keep our hands still - but I felt a particularly strong spasm, and grabbed at myself - almost too late. I could feel the slug of hot urine burning inside, held back only by the pressure of my hand clamped tight. "I can't hold it!"

"Quick!" She pulled me toward the bathroom and hopped up onto the sink, clamping her legs around me. I felt the cold counter on my thighs, her heels digging into me. The sink in front of me, no danger of wetting the bed or the carpet, I could no longer resist, pee first squirting and then gushing out. She reached down and guided the stream, first around the sink, and then up ... up between her legs, making her moan and gasp.

I could not resist playing with her beautiful breasts, massaging their firm suppleness in my freed hands and taking the hard nipples into my mouth. She moaned once more and I head the hissing before I felt the warm spatter of her urinating into the sink. My penis, already jerking with the relief of a long-held pee, grew erect and found its way into her hot stream. The tickling warmth felt so good - not dirty at all - and the scent was clean and feminine.

It did not last long - maybe only half a minute - and there we were, naked and aroused but no longer frantic. The soft bed was only steps away ... and her birthday was far from over.

