What an evening

28th November 2010, 08:10 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

Wowza....Rainmann and I just had the most erotic evening thanks to all the great stories everyone has posted to this site. So now, I want to share our story of last night. I hope it adds some enjoyment to your evening.

We started off the evening with sitting down at our computers with a bottle of captain and coke to go with. First I should tell you our pc's share the same table and are back to back, and our chairs face one another. We log into peesearch and start reading stories. When we find one we like, we share the link and read them. (of course, letting our bladders fill too)

As our bladders are filling and our arousal is building from the stories, we are both getting horny and occasionally rubbing ourselves for a little tease. This goes on for quite a while, Just building the anticipation. It's been atleast three or four hours of reading and passing ideas of what we would like to try etc. So both our bladders are very full and intensifying the arousal. He looks over and knows I'm getting a little desperate by the bouncing and rocking i am doing. He then sends me a really hot story and tells me to read it outloud. I start to read, and I am getting so turned on, that I have to take a break in order to keep from exploding. I regain myself, and continue to read. As I am reading I glance over to him and notice him slowly massaging his cock. 

I am now mezmerized by watching him rub the tips of his thick fingers slowly up and down his shaft. I lose myself daydreaming and watching him, that I don't even notice that I have quit reading. He then picks up where I stopped reading, and starts to read the story to me. I love when he reads to me because I like to watch his facial expressions as he is becoming more and more turned on. Just the sight, drives me wild. I am so turned on and my pussy is starting to tingle and beg for attention. I can't wait to be played with. I try closing my eyes for just a second to regain myself, but my mind can only see the image of him massaging that cock, and reminds me of how badly I want him inside me. I can't wait any longer, I am about to burst and I need to apply pressure to my pee hole. I raise me legs up, resting my feet on each side of my recliner.

At first holding my knees together tightly, helping control my bladder. He looks to me and grins,takes a deep breath, and continues reading. I notice him glancing over at me every couple of sentences, and I also notice him stroking his cock stronger and faster. I close my eyes once again, but only this time I want to daydream. I slowly spread my legs wide open, exposing to him full view of my pussy. I watch for him to glance over I want him to see how excited and turned on I am. When I notice his head start to turn, I lower my hand, close my eyes, and act like I don't know he is watching. I gently slide my fingers up and down my swollen pussy lips and around my clit. knowing how turned this is making him, only intensifies my pleasure. My body is now quivering, and ready to burst.

I feel slight pulsations start to move throughout my body. As they hit my pussy, they seem to intensify into vibrations. I can't wait any longer. I reach over to my table and grab my bullet, turn it on high, press it hard against my clit. It feels so good, I start rolling it in circular motion all around my clit and occasionally down my lips and across my peehole. He looks over, and decides he wants a turn with my hot pussy. He walks over to my chair, lowers to his knees, puts his hands on my knees, and holds my legs wide open. At first he is just looking me over, as if he were savory a meal.

After a few moments, he takes one finger and gently slides it around my lips and clit. Touching ever so softly, causing a tickling sensation. Slowly he brings up his other finger and uses it to spread my lips. He stares for just another moment, before he moves forward and presses his tongue to my clit. He moves around briefly, then suckles upon my swollen clit. I'm now shaking in my chair, and about to cum. He slowly rises, gives me a kiss and goes back to his chair. He likes teasing me a bit and building the pressure. I reach back for my vibrator. I decide this time, I'm gonna do something different. I look over at him and watch him watch me. 

I want him to see me masturbate to an orgasm and watch my hot liquids spurt. Now that I know I've got his full attention, I move the vibrator rapidly up and down my lips and around my clit, applying more and more pressure with every motion quickly driving myself to an explosive, wet orgasm. As I lean back, and recover, He is holding his throbbing hard cock, telling me how hot that was, and I can tell what wants and needs. I get up from my chair and go to him. I turn around, and lower down slowly taking every inch of him. As the tip rubs against the walls of my already vibrating pussy, I know I am gonna soon orgasm again. I arch my back and slowly ride his cock. At deepest penetration, I roll my hips a little, so the tip massages my full bladder. With every stroke, he is also getting closer to orgasm.

I can't wait to see him explode, so I start riding faster, harder and deeper with each plunge. I feel his body quiver and stiffen a little, before he grips my hips tightly. He's about to lose it, and I love it. I arch my back once more, and plunge down onto him as deep as I can, roll my hips until he can't take no more. I feel his cock thicken. He quickly pulls out and rubs himself til he cums, allowing me to watch. It turns me greatly to watch. wowza... we take a smoke break, before he moves to the floor. He lies on his back, and I get total control. Straddling him, I take his still stiff cock and guide it in slowly. It only takes about six deep, fast penetrations before I lose control and cum again, soaking him in my pent up liquids. We look at one another in amazement before collapsing in one anothers arms.

I know this story seems made up but I promise you its real. We've been together for quite some time, and sometimes can't believe how hot some of our experiences are. Thanks for reading.

