When Mousy met her match - The fun bits

17th May 2010, 04:08 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

As I said in the post about the embarrassing/bad luck bits. Last night I met a guy IRL who was into pee desperation and wetting as much as I am. This second post is to tell you about the fun stuff we got up to later in the night hehe mwah ha ha. Plus I sorta like makin u all jealous, lol (or do I?).

So we were only really meeting for some drinks to get to know each other but drink being alcoholic, me being me and pee being pee, I sorta got a lil carried away, lol.

For about the first two hours things were pretty normal. Just chattin, havin a laugh, sorta thing you'd do when getting to know any lad.

Then somewhere after midnight when I guess I was a bit drunk, as was he we went into a bar with me needing to pee and meaning to go before going to the bar for drinks but forgetting until after we'd ordered the drinks. Since I had only just met the guy I didn't think it'd be wise to leave my drink with him so thought, yeah I'll just hold it til we've finished n then I'll go to pee. Trouble is though, if you need to pee when you're with a guy who you know would love to know about it and you are not going to pee when you first need to then you kinda get a bit mischievious. I mean we'd already mentioned in passing that he was peeing more regularly than me (he was drinkin pints and me alchopops and cocktails).

So we were sat there just like normal people and I needed to pee and since I was drinkin, it felt more than it really was but not bad. I mean I wasn't wriggling or anything like that.

This is where I get mischievious. We're sat in the bar and it's empty apart from us and the bar staff and there's these weird bunny things on the telly screen (fuck knows what that was about but I remember us both saying that the night had been surreal enough without them bunnies there to make it even more surreal) and he had his arm casually round me and so I grabbed his hand considering what he would think if I placed his hand on my bladder. Would he be able to feel that I needed to pee just from feeling my bladder? So after a couple of minutes thinking that and not really hearing the rest of the bunny conversation I slowly moved his hand towards my bladder, slowly and undecidedly (if that's even a real word). I placed it there and pushed it in a tiny bit and left it there. He said "really, are you sure?" I said "yeah".

Tentatively at first he began to feel my bladder and I told him that I'd forgot to go before getting the drinks. He then said he needed to pee a little too and let me feel his bladder. We got a little carried away pushing on each other's bladders as we got braver with each other and then we realised the bar staff were looking at us as if to say, yeah u 2 gettin jiggy ay. We stopped pretty quick then. We were maybe a little paranoid, or I was. But of course to them from where they were stood it probably just looked like we were some normal couple feeling each other up the way normal horny people do. Either way we decided it was best to go to a bigger bar with more people in so that there'd be less chance of being watched. Of course we didn't pee before leaving. The game was on now, lol.

I can't remember what order we done all this next bit in but I know we went from bar to bar, but going outside in between to pause and so he could smoke. I remember thinking it was great going outside away from toilets when we needed to pee lol.

I remember going up to the bar with him and when waiting to be served discretely pushing on his bladder and watching his face change slightly. In this next bar we found a seat with a convenient wall bit in the corner and hidden by people busy buying ciggarettes from a ciggarette machine. It was funny coz everyone was busy pulling people in a normal way and probably feeling each other up in that way. We on the other hand were sat there with drinks and filling bladders. We pushed on each other's bladders and then I decided to sit on his knee and lean my body into his bladder as he pulled me into him with his hands pressing into mine as he did so.

Even though I knew from chatting to him online that he was into desperation like I was I still somehow thought he wouldn't be that much into bladder play, like I said, the whole thing was pretty surreal. So when he started to pull me into his bladder and make straining faces I was pretty turned on that he was encouraging me to cause his bladder some pain haha. We both got really into it on this chair like. I was pushing myself into him more and was encouraging him to push harder on my bladder too. It was funny coz when he pushed on mine enough he'd sometimes have to stop coz I needed to regain control by wriggling a bit, but of course me wriggling when on his knee just put more pressure on his bladder which was very fun to watch. Soon after we'd finished our drinks we went outside again. We carried on some of this outside. It was great coz people could probably see but probably thought we were just humping or feeling each other up normally. We were kissing a lot too by now.

When we went back inside to another bar he had told me he really needed to go now. I had said we would try n finish one more drink. So we went up to the bar again and it was great this time coz I could see his legs together n one knee slightly over the other, not crossed but just sorta leaning inwards over the other knee. He really did need to pee. I think at this point I was standing in a similar way. We both looked at each other and gave each other I know what you're doing looks. I gentley pressed on his bladder again and he made a face, but not such an obvious one coz we were stood at the bar.

We walked over to a table that had a seat at either side and sat opposite each other. This was a tease of a seating arrangement coz we could see each other wriggling a little from the top but couldn't see each other's legs or touch each other's bladders. I was moving my legs around a fair bit now under the table n told him to have a peek, which he did and as did I. He looked fairly uncomfortable now too. He said he'd never be able to finish this drink. Eventually he just had to go and pee. I had been nice and told him where they were before we'd sat down because he'd said earlier that he might not make it past this drink. He got up and apologised for having to go and I watched him through the window run up the stairs towards the toilets looking pretty desperate. He came back saying a little drop had escaped and that the piss had been awesome. He apologised again and asked if I was alright. I was of course.

Luckily at this point a sofa seat had become free so we could play some more. I gained control over my urge and we walked over to the sofa seat. When we sat down I let him push on my bladder at intervals. Allowing me to wriggle and squeeze to regain control. Eventually I leaked a teeny bit twice and then said he would have to stop and I'd have to sit there a minute and try n gain some composure so that I could get up and walk to the toilet without looking too badly desperate or wetting on the way. He was like "sorry are you alright" I was like yeah. He was like "are you sure". I was ok but had suddendly realised we were in public lol. So I eventually got up to pee and made it. When I got back downstairs I had my coat held closed and a slight embarrassed mock look on my face, pretending to him I hadn't made it. I didn't pretend long like coz I didn't want him to think he'd made me wet myself coz he hadn't.

The rest of the night involved more drinking and rougher and rougher bladder play as we got more comfortable with each other and as I persuaded him to be more daring with me and vice versa. He was cute too coz he kept saying "I don't want to hurt you" and we kept asking each other if we were alright. At one point we were mocking others in the club for only coming out for sex and how boring that was and how they probably thought we were just 2 clubbers fondling each other, coz no one would have cared enough to watch closely n realise we weren't feeling each other up in the normal places but really a lil higher (bladder).

Then we went outside both needing to pee at a time close to closing. Risking not getting back in to pee. We stayed outside for ages pulling each other into each other. I didn't need to pee an awful lot at this point so I was mainly teasing him. He got to where he was really desperate and we weren't sure that we'd be let back in now since it was pretty close to kicking out time. He said he'd go pee down this alleyway, which I advised him was a bad idea since the police were just at the top of it. He thought he'd be fine so I let him go off and then 2 min later the police went down it. This is where I thought Oh Shit what have i done. After ages of hiding in a doorway watching people walk past and laugh and look at whatever the police were saying to him (I couldn't see what was actually going on) he appeared again. They had let him off thank god!!!

We walked away quickly. I was really really feeling guilty about that for a long time after. Eventually I calmed down again and by then i needed to pee a fair enough amount. We sat in an alleyway where I waited for my taxi and I brought attention to my filling bladder again by pushing his hand into it. I then let him finger me through my pants. Shameless I know but fun. We didn't do that for long though coz I was worried we'd be caught or I'd miss the taxi or wet myself from the exicitement. Then I weighed up staying at his friend's place with him.

After a long chopping and changing of my mind I decided, fuck it it's worth the risk and we went to his friend's. But first we attempted to get a room in a hotel and failed.

His friend's house was fine though coz his friend was fast asleep in bed so we had the living room to ourselves all night, no disruptions.

I'll tell you what we got up to there in a further post haha.

