Megan and Sky's naughty adventure

3rd August 2013, 10:39 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Hey everyone! Sorry it's been forever since you all have heard from me. I'm sure you all understand that time is a precious commodity and unfortunately I just don't seem to have much of it anymore. Anyways, I still have a bit of time to read the forums, just no time to post, until now at least. I wanted to share my experience with Megan and Skylar from a couple weeks ago.

So, Megan, Skylar, and I had made plans to go see a popular horror movie that had just came out. It was a Friday night, so the theatre was packed when we got there. Megan had already told me that she wanted to sit in the back corner and try peeing discretely into a cup if she found that she had to go. She planned to leave the cup on the floor as a surprise for someone else. This way she wasn't actually vandalizing anything and clean up would just consist of someone throwing the cup away. Meanwhile, she could still get her kicks from an extremely naughty pee.

Megan dressed appropriately for what she had planned. She wore a short denim skirt, a black sleeveless top, and she shared with Skylar and I that she was going pantiless. Skylar shot her a weird look to which Megan responded with: "You'll see why." I already knew, I'm assuming Skylar didn't.

Skylar was wearing a pair of tight jeans, and a tight pink T-shirt that did a pretty good job of hugging her curves. While pretty casual, she still looked amazingly sexy in it. It was clear that she wasn't quite up to speed with the antics Megan planned on partaking in or she just wasn't in the mood to join in this time.

We got to the theatre and chose a seat near the back corner. It was dark and vacant at the time we took our seats there. Perfect for what Megan had planned. Megan requested that I go get her and Skylar large drinks along with a bucket of popcorn. I left to fulfill the request.

Upon my return, I found that two couples now occupied the seats right next to Skylar. Megan's plans would now be shot as she's not quite brave enough to go in such close proximity to others. Nor should she be brave enough as she pisses a torrent every time that sounds like Niagra Falls. I took my seat between Megan and Sky and handed them their drinks while I left the popcorn on my lap for everyone to share.

Megan whispered to me in disappointment as she took her drink: "Well, there goes my plans for this evening."

I reassured her: "Who knows, they may leave half way through the movie or something. If not, we'll just plan another date to see some junk movie no one wants to see."

Skylar overheard and whispered into my left ear then: "Do I even want to know what her plans were?"

"Oh, I'm sure you can guess. It was a bit naughty as you can imagine." I snickered softly.

"Yeah. When isn't she doing something naughty." Sky giggled.

Megan and Skylar both leaned in over my lap and Megan shared what she had planned with Sky. Sky was all for the idea and was actually excited to see that Megan wasn't going to be able to do it this time. Sky came up with something else: "Well, we've already had a good bit to drink before we came and now we have these large drinks, lets chug them and see who can hold the longest."

Megan agreed and if they were both able to hold to the end, then Megan suggested they do something daring to empty their bladders.

The movie had just began and already, it had lost our attention. I wasn't sure if it just had a slow start to it or what but, I was pretty much daydreaming about what was going to take place later. Would Megan outhold Skylar or would it be vice-versa? Would they make it til the end and if so, what would be the daring fashion they relieve themselves in? As I sat pondering all this and making up scenarios that may take place in my head, Megan leaned over.

"Well, at least I didn't wear panties

." She said under her breath.

"Huh? Why?" I questioned.

"Well, since this movie sucks, I figured I could at least get you to play with my pussy." She giggled.

"Yes! That sounds like my kind of date, there." I laughed.

Megan was in a perfect spot as she was well hidden and positioned away from everyone, so I didn't hesitate to slide my hand up in under her short skirt and begin to massage her hairless pussy. Megan threw her head back, eyes closed and forgot all about the movie. After only a couple minutes, Meg's pussy was soaked.

I noticed Skylar reaching into her large purse and pulling out a thin jacket. It certainly didn't seem chill enough for a jacket in my opinion but, who knew about Skylar. She placed the jacket on her lap and I noticed her hands slide in under it. I could see her fiddling with something in under it when she noticed me looking.

"What? You don't think she's going to have all the fun over there. She's getting her pussy played with, so am I!" She exclaimed softly.

"Who's playing with yours?" I laughed.

"You, dummy.. Who'd ya think? My imaginary friend?" She said sarcastically.

"Maybe I'm not coordinated enough to play with two pussies at once." I joked.

"Uh. I know better. Remember? You can't fool me." She laughed.

She undid her belt, button, and zipper before grabbing my hand and forcing it into her now undone pants. That's one thing about Skylar, she's aggressive. She'll get what she wants even if she's got to use a bit of force. Her pussy too was bald of course. Obviously Megan nor Skylar was big on pubic hair. Of course not many girls around my age seem to be from my experience.

I massaged her pussy in the same fashion that I was massaging Megan's. Skylar threw her head back and closed her eyes the same way Megan was doing. They were both exactly alike when it came to sexual interaction. Same noises, expressions, actions. They're like twins in that fashion.

I massaged their pussies for the next half hour or so which meant the movie was now a bit over half way over. Not that anyone was paying attention, including me. Megan confided in me that her bladder was quite full and me playing with her pussy was helping her hold it. I knew that since Megan was feeling it, Skylar had to be too!

Another 15 minutes or so went by and the movie was getting close to the end when Skylar pulled my hand from her pussy and exclaimed that she needed a piss, now. Since the movie was about over, I asked the girls if they'd like to leave early before the movie ended since no one was watching anyways. They agreed and Skylar began buttoning up her pants in under her jacket. Upon getting them rebuttoned, we left for the parking lot. Both girls were in obvious agony as they were exiting the theatre even though they were trying to hide it.

We made it to the parking lot and Megan and Skylar were contemplating what would be a daring place to relieve themselves. Meanwhile, something distracted me from their bladders. A pretty, red sports car. A new Challenger Hemi to be exact. While it seems funny that I could be distracted from two girls with bursting bladders, I am a car fanatic!

"C'mon." Megan demanded. "I'm about to piss myself."

"Hold your horses. You know my love of muscle cars!" I said as I glanced it over.

I looked inside to see whether it was a stick or automatic. 6 speed manual. I was in my glory now. Only negative was it had cloth interior verses leather.

"It's Laura's fucking car. I'm sure her daddy bought it for her. Now, c'mon. You can look at it another time. Just get ahold of her. She'll probably even take you for a ride if you fuck her. She's a whore." Megan said in a hostile tone.

Laura wasn't liked by many girls. She had it made. She was pretty, blonde hair, had wealthy parents, always was driving nice sports cars. She had the attention of many guys. Megan disliked her even more as they were once best friends until Laura broke "girl code" by screwing a guy Megan liked. They were now arch enemies. One thing I've learned about females is they take girl code seriously!

"Actually, get ready to run if the alarm is set. Let's get a closer look at this interior." Megan said in a sneaky voice.

Megan approached the door and pulled the handle. I fully expected the alarm to start blairing but instead the door popped ajar.

"I figured. She never did lock her car. She knows if it gets stolen she'll just get a new one anyways complements of her parents." Megan told us.

"Skylar, I found our daring place. Thank goodness, because my bladder is going to explode. Are you in or are you too pussy?" Megan laughed evilly.

I was in a bit of shock that Megan was thinking of exacting revenge in such a way. It was such a nice car I really wanted to talk Megan out of what she was about to do but it was going to be so naughty. I couldn't let my passion for cars get in the way of this.

Skylar responded to Megan's previous question: "I'm no pussy! I'll do anything you will, bitch."

I loved how Megan and Sky often bickered back and forth.

"Good. Watch and learn then. You're next." Megan exclaimed.

Megan opened the door wider and stood outside the opening facing the interior. She grabbed both sides of her skirt before grabbing it single handedly with her left hand and held it. With her right hand she grabbed her pussy and pulled up on it. It took her a moment to get her pussy in position as it was so wet from me playing with it. She finally got it positioned and thrusted her hips forward. Immediately, she had a solid, pale yellow stream arching into the car and falling on the drivers seat. In just seconds the seat was saturated and a puddle had formed complete with a foamy covering. Megan began to whip her hips back and forth to make he stream go from the dashboard to the backrest on the front seat. Her stream was so thick and left everything in its path absolutely soaked.

"Fucking bitch. That'll teach her for fucking someone I like." Megan said still waving her stream to and fro.

The sight had me so horny that I really would of loved to have ripped Megan from the door opening mid-piss to fuck her on the hood. I left her continue though. Her stream began to die as she then directed the remaining little arch to the cloth on the door panel. She kept the stream going for about another 15 seconds, just long enough to saturate the door panel.

As the stream ended, she pulled her skirt down and looked at Skylar. "Your turn." She giggled.

Skylar approached the door opening.

"Do it on the passenger side. I already have this side soaked!" Megan commanded.

Skylar went to the passenger side and tugged on the door handle. Locked.

"This side is locked." Skylar told Megan.

That's alright Megan said reaching in on the drivers door to push the electric unlock button before joining Skylar and I on the passenger side.

Skylar pulled the door open and began undoing her jeans. She dropped them along with a tiny pink thong to her knees. As always, her bubble butt was the first thing I noticed. That and the fact that she had tan lines on it from a thong about the size of the tiny pink one she had on. I'm a sucker for tan lines, so that had me real hot.

"I'm going to try to go like you, Meg." Skylar said, positioning herself.

Her tight, bald, pink pussy spread, hips thrusted forward, she began to let a tight stream go. She shot it clear to the driver's side where it hit the door panel. She even impressed Megan with this.

"Damn girl. Way to show me up." Megan laughed.

"Piss on the seat." Megan demanded.

"I can't." Skylar laughed as her stream continued blasting the driver's door panel.

Skylar then began to scoot backwards all while still pissing since she couldn't weaken her stream to hit the passenger seat. Little by little the stream grew closer to the seat until Skylar was about four feet outside the door opening and it began to blast the seat. Her stream had no arch at all. It was straight as an arrow from her pussy to the seat cushion. I never seen stream with such pressure to not arch at all. It wasn't thick at all, a bit more than the thickness of a pencil, but damn was it hot!

As it sprayed the seat, the pressure sent droplets everywhere! Skylar then too ended her piss by soaking the passenger side door panel. She kept her straight as an arrow stream the whole time until it finally ended abruptly.

She pushed the door shut and we all ran to Megan's vehicle while Skylar pulled up her pants! Skylar's ass hung out until she got to the vehicle to adjust them. We got the hell out of there and went back to my place where Skylar spent the night while Megan had to head back to her place for the night.

