First erotic experience

26th September 2009, 03:13 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

I was younger by then (I guess), and we stopped on the motorway in a fuel station.

We usually travelled a lot and stopped every 2 hours or so to go to the toilets and just walk a bit before going back into the car. And as usual, being a guy and accompanied by my mother and my sister... I got out of the toilets way before them, and just hanged around in the little store.

I happened to go the magazine trays, you know how it is, pretending to look at the magazine on computer and games, while peeking at the magazines at the top which are the erotic ones.

Anyway, I spotted "old" magazines that were being sold at a discount: you had 3 or 4 unsold magazine for the price of one (wrapped in a plastic sheet). The magazine on the top contained crosswords and the like and since I was afraid of being bored during the rest of the trip, I picked up.

I then looked at the magazine on the other side of the package and it was about video games, not bad either. But then my eyes went to the bottom and I saw the list of magazines: the third (in the middle) was called "Le Herisson" (in english: The Hedgehog) and it was described as being a mash-up of many things and containing an erotic story.

I was very excited at the thought, and my mind was racing as I was thinking of the possibility of having my mother buy the packet just so that I could take a peek at this "forbidden" story.

Of course, being the kind kid I was, I succeeded in actually convincing my mother. She also bought another magazine for my 11 years sister so that we were both equal. Little did she know why I truly had wanted it.

I had to wait to be alone to finally look at the magazine, and so I wait until the end of the day. Then in the evenning I went in my room, and began reading before going to sleep (which was not unusual). However what was unusual was that I had "Le Herisson" magazine neatly tucked under my sheets while I read my other book.

I waited until everyone got to their own room, and then I finally peeked at my magazine. There was the usual stuff, and then there was a photo-story that I am going to describe for you.

(the story)

Two men, about fifty and both celebrities in France (Stephane Collaro and a friend of him, called the professor) were seated in two armchairs, facing each others, but at an angle so that you could see their faces.

They were holding a glass of wine: the Beaujolais Nouveau had arrived, and they were smoking cigares while talking about the wine.

Then, a girl arrived, in her twenties. She had black long hairs and brown dazel eyes. She was stunning... so much more that she was completely naked, with only a strip of hairs on her pubis. She went sitting on the lap of Collaro with her back to the camera, and he put his hand (the one holding his cigare) on her hip, the tip of his cigare touching her butt cheek.

The two men kept oggling the girl while trying to discuss with her, and suddenly...

"I have to pee", she said, getting on her feet.

"Don't go", said Collaro.

"Do it in my hat", said the Professor.

"I can't, it's naughty", she said, giggling.

"Sure you can", Collaro added.

She was now standing, facing the camera between the two men, her hands on her hips, her feets slightly apart.

The Professor picked up his hat, a Charlie Chaplin sort, and held it between her legs upside down so that it could act as a receptacle.

"I can't", she said.

"Just don't think about it", Collaro said.

"Oh my...."

And here she was, standing between the two men that could have been friends of her father, with her feet slightly apart and a small yellow stream of pee escaping her pussy lips and making its way into the hat.

The two men were staring, transfixed, and she kept looking straight ahead, with what could be thought of as a look of relief while she kept dribbling.

She kept going for a while. No one moved. And then she was done, a few dropplets on the top of her legs and her lips the sole testament to her naughty deed... apart from the dripping hat of course.

"Sorry..."

"I can't believe you actually peed in my hat", the Professor said.

(end)

I think that I understood erotism for the first of my life this night.

Up to this day I still don't know if I have been attracted to naughty peeing ever since because of my first contact with paperglass erotism... or if this story made such an impact on me because I already had it in me.

I hope you enjoyed it. It happen 10 years ago and I got rid of the magazine a few months later (after having read and re-read the story a good number of times) because I was afraid that my nosy mother would find it, so my recollection may not be perfect (and I still have some problems with english since it isn't my mother tongue).

I wish I still had it now of course, especially since I could not find the magazine (or archives of it) on the web. I would be so glad if I could read this story once more!

Daemoniak.

