Diary of an Erotic Incontinence

3rd May 2017, 04:56 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Diary of an Erotic Incontinence

###

Subject includes incontinence, wetting and sexual themes

I rarely discuss the subject of my incontinence, and especially in the sense of the fetish I have for potty and wetting myself. I can speak from a perspective of developing a 'fetish' for pee in my teens. This was well before I had any signs of adult incontinence that began when I was about 26. I have been diagnosed with overactive bladder (OAB), and it is not something that is usually pleasurable, or 'fun,' and is almost always terrifying for me because I have to wear adult protection and plan my day around being near a bathroom, explaining to partners, friends, etc. etc. etc.... I have had my share of accidents and embarrassing situations that I would not care to repeat even if I got paid a million dollars (well, maybe a million and one!!)

The thing is, there are times when I find myself sexualizing the pee, and wetting myself per my fetish, but I have found it is a way for me to cope with the incontinence and actually, I can sometimes find incontinence pleasurable. It sounds weird, and sounds horrible to say, but sometimes I like to get off after totally losing control of my bladder. For me, it is a coping mechanism sometimes, and it is not to diminish the situation where I really can't hold it or lose the 'urge' to go and actually go without much feeling. I get these types of accidents a few times per month. Bladder muscles almost feel 'numb' and I'm just going with this weird pressure feeling and I better be diapered or at home over a towel, because I'm going to pee all over myself. Most of the time, incontinence is NOT pleasurable, and I'm only talking about the times when I actually put my mind into thinking it is pleasurable and let go of any fear and shame and just enjoy the fact I'm peeing and can't stop it...

I'm going to try and describe what it feels like to lose control and feel pleasure from it. Many people have asked me in chats, and I'm actually wondering if anyone else has this type of feeling. Men or women. I can only describe what I feel as a woman, and it is almost always different that another person, man or woman, and their sensation.

Today was a normal day for the most part except that I had the really frequent urges that I get when my OAB is bad. Running to the potty, thinking about putting on a diaper, thinking about whether I can go through with my plans to go to the store and do yard work today.

7 am: woke up and got out of bed. I was already peeing myself as I ran to the bathroom. It was the urge to go that was epic. It feels like a warmth and the 'coolness' of ice cubes and this unbearable and persistent pressure where it feels like I'm peeing when I'm not. I felt a tinge of numbness and it was like a 'give' or 'push' feeling and then within seconds, I felt myself getting wet for several seconds. I actually feel the pee flowing into my panties and it feels like it goes for seconds. Then it like stops. That is the classic accident

I have most days. I'm used to the epic urges, the 'numbness' and then the wet pants. I 'made it' for the most part, just minor pee saturation of my panties and shorts.

7:45 had water and orange juice and a 5 hour energy. I cannot have too much caffeine because I will just go all the time. Brushed my teeth, freshened up put on makeup and got dressed.

7:50 I was fortunate because it was not a work day. I decided that I wanted to take a walk at my local park a block away. I put on new panties

, a thick pad, leggings and a sweatshirt. I felt like I didn't have to go anymore and everything was good.

8:00-ish- I was walking toward the trail. No urge to go.

8:15 I was on the first loop of the trail and I suddenly had that 'waterlogged' feeling in my bladder (do you know what that's like)?? And it was URGE, URGE, URGE- I gotta freaking go again! I know the porta-potties are another mile, so I walked.

8:25 I got to the porta-potty. I went inside and before I could even open the door open, all of a sudden the URGE URGE URGE turned to this weird feeling where I felt myself getting light. My tummy felt numb and I felt this strange pressure that felt like I was about to pee a water balloon. As I reached for the door, I felt this 'rock' or 'push' over my tummy, the 'ice cube' feeling again, and then just an overwhelming wetness in my pants and I felt it go down my legs. I knew what this meant. I have been here so many times, and how did I not gauge this??!! Well, if you know about this, you know you don't get warning, and everything is fine...and you always think it will be different this time...and then...

8:26 I felt myself still peeing and it was starting to soak my pants and make drips on the ground. I am fortunate nobody was around. I finally stopped and I almost felt dizzy. I felt this feeling like my body was not in control....

8:27 I turned around and went back home. My pants felt saturated. I smelled pee.

8:45 I was back home. I started to feel like I had to go again. I knew something was wrong. I was incontinent this morning....again.

8:46 I began to get this urge to push and push and just let it all out. I pushed and peed on purpose and made a huge mess in my basement laundry room from the garage. I put my hand down between my legs and I just felt this urge to touch myself. I already went, and I didn't care that I was going again. I wanted to be wet. I was already wanting to do this, but I didn't expect I'd pee my pants in the process.

8:47 My hand was in my pants and under my panties and I started to rub myself with so much pressure I felt like I needed to pee again. I started to pee accidentally. I felt like my bladder was not in control and I started to masturbate. I had an orgasm as I was still peeing in my pants. I could smell my urine really prominently as I navigated the folds of my pussy and had an orgasm so intense that I felt myself almost pass out. My first urge was to get drunk and have wine to enhance this, but instead, I took off my leggings and shirt and crawled into my bed just wearing my wet panties and bra and I fell asleep.

11:13 I woke up not knowing what I just did and I smelled like urine and had this urge to go again.

11:14 I ran to my bathroom and pissed right in my panties on purpose over the bathtub. I rubbed myself and came within 10 seconds.

I rarely have this pleasure from incontinence, but I sometimes need to do this to just feel like it is not controlling my life.

Does anyone else have this type of experience?

- Jessica

