Mindblowing friendship

29th December 2007, 02:08 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Hi. Here is an experience I had with a neighbour. I call her Jessica. She is a divorced mother and 35 years of age.

It was a hot summer day when we both were sitting outside my house on the lawn.She was wearing a cut of shorts and I had an old jogging suit on.

I told her how sexy she looked.

She then said that i had no idea how sexy she felt in them.

- When an old pair of jeans rip, she said, I know it is going to be a great day for an orgasm. I put them on and then get out my small vibrator. I put the vibe on my clit and then zipper my tight pants. I move all around until I have a few orgasms. Then comes the fun. I can squirt and that makes me HORNY. Then, when I have to pee I just let it all out. The warmth from my juices and the vibes take me to an over the top orgasm. I am just going to throw away the jeans because they are ripped...or maybe I will keep them for one more round...

I got an instead boner and felt I could cum any time.

- You mean you wet yourself? I asked.

- Yeah, it feels great, she said.

- Feel for yourself. She took my hand and placed it at her crotch and started to squeeze her tighs together.

Suddenly I felt her crotch getting warm and wet.

- Let me see, I asked her.

She opened her legs and I saw a dark wet patch like as the size of my hand right between the legs of her cut offs.

- How was that for a demo? she laughed with a thick excited voice.

- Great, I said and squeezed my boner with my legs a couple of times.

- I can see that, she grinned.

Before I knew it, I was so close to cumming, that I could'nt stop the orgasm that was starting to build, and she noticed it.

- Now watch this then, she said.

She raised her legs and spread her knees, and grunted as she started to push at full force.

The patch became glistening wet, and with a hissing sound pee started to pour out of her cut offs.

- Oh, my.., it is hitting my clit, she moaned and grabbed both my hands in hers and she stared deep into my eyes.

I squeezed me legs together one more time and came in a mindblowing orgasm.Shot after shot of jizz spurted into my boxers.

- Oh, I am so close, she moaned. Still peeing and looking at me, she suddenly jumped at me, and threw her legs around my hips,as she grinded her soaked crotch at mine for a few seconds.

As my orgasm faded out, I felt her warm pee soak through my cut off jeans, and we my pubic area.

- This is not working, she panted, and let herself fall backwards into the gras.

Then lying on her back,she grabbed her knees with both hands and pushed out the last amount of pee.

A loud hissing sound came from her shorts, and the wet patch spread upwards to her abdomen.

- Oh, yeah.., right on my clit. I'm cumming, she panted. Her body tensed, her leg stretched out, and then she rolled over to her left side, with both hands jammed between her legs,and her knees raised up again.

She layed there shaking and moaning as the last rest of pee came seeping out from the opening in the legs of her shorts.

- I think I need a beer after this, I said, still finding it hard to believe what had just taken place.

- Make it two, she gasped and smiled at me.

