Nature girl

30th October 2009, 11:03 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

I had driven to the top of a hill near where I live. The view was utterly spectacular and I decided to get my watercolours out and paint the view. The afternoon was so still and it seemed I had the entire world to myself. The nearest main road was about four miles away and, perched on top of my hill I settled down to paint. In the next field, a horse was sporting the most massive erection and soon it turned its attention to the mare that was in the field with it. Watching them copulate, and the sun on my back soon made me feel horny.

My mind was definitely not on my painting. The two horses finished and wandered off to separate parts of the field. I could see the mare was oozing sperm which was running down her legs and I could also feel how wet I was becoming too. I slipped my hand down into my pants and I had soaked through my knickers. The only way to where I was sitting was along the country track and I could se clearly that there was no one on it. To walk it would have taken some considerable time, at least half an hour from the main road. I decided there and then I would masterbate to orgasm. I leaned back over the front of my car and let my fingers explore. There was something about being outdoors that was so horny.

As I spread my legs I could feel the sun on my wetness. I really started going for it. Then, an idea just popped into my head. I lay back over my car and spread my legs again and began to rub my clit. As I got closer I reached around behind me with my other hand and pushed a finger deep inside myself. When I got my finger nice and wet, I pushed that finger deep into my ass. The orgasm was shattering. It literally ripped through my body, and I was making so much noise! I was actually shouting and screaming. I love to talk dirty when I am masterbating and I was crying out things like "Ohh fuck yes... Ohhh fuck... fuck my cunt raw" (I was imagining being fucked over my car... well, to tell the whole truth, I was having a little rape fantasy which I like.)

After the orgasm subsided I carried on a gentle finger fuck until I realised that I needed to pee. Even that somehow felt sexy. I sat up on the the car and s and just peed. I watched as my stream soak through my jeans and rubbed my clit at the same time giving myself another orgasm.

Well, thanks for reading. You won't be surprised to know that telling you this has made me all hot and bothered. I think I will go for a drive!

Bye Bye

