Now Eve and Lotta know they love pee play... and the taste...

6th March 2011, 09:50 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody !

The other day I posted a fictional story about how Eve and Lotta met at the Rainbow Club. When I left them, they were going to Lotta's place...

The following morning...

They woke up at the same time. Both having a hangover and feeling hazy. Lotta felt something beside her and opened one of her eyes. There was a girl lying at her side! She closed her eye again and tried hard to recall what might have occurred last evening. Then bits of her memory came back... Yes, she'd met a girl... her name? Eve! That's her name. But what had happened? They'd danced. And... In a flash she remembered everything! Oh God! She'd peed herself and so had Eve! At the dance floor! She felt so embarrassed! And they'd made love in a park and peed themselves again! She almost refused to believe it... Maybe it was something she'd dreamt...? But she realised it wasn't that well... She looked at Eve and saw that her eyes were open.

Eve had awakened with a vague feeling of being happy! Then she became aware of the girl at her side. Oh, Lotta!! She'd met Lotta last night... and here she was in Lotta's bed! But what had happened in between? They'd danced... Her memory came back! She almost freaked out! Lotta had peed on her and she had peed on Lotta while dancing... and again in a park... She'd never been so embarrassed before in her life! Never since she was a little kid she'd wetted herself before... And on top of it all, she did it on purpose! She felt Lotta's look but she was too ashamed to look back.

Lotta gave Eve a quick kiss on her cheek. "I gotta go to the toilet", she said in a husky voice. When she stood up at the side of the bed she noticed that she was naked. Sitting at the toilet it was maybe a minute before her pee came though she had to pee very badly. But when it came, it was with a loud hiss! "Hope Eve doesn't hear...", she muttered.

But Eve heard! And to her surprise the sound felt so arousing! It also made her aware of that she really needed to pee. So badly that she was almost afraid to wet the bed! She put one hand on her pussy to try to hold on. Oh, she was pretty wet down there... instinctively she fondled her pussy! When Lotta came back she tore away her hand, blushing... She hurried to the toilet.

When she came back there was an awkward silence between them. And it didn't become less awkward when they were dressing and both discovered the stains of dried pee on Eve's panties when she was about to put them on. But then Lotta said:

- "I can lend you panties! And a pair of jeans too...", she added quickly when she realised that Eve's skirt was stained too.

Lotta made coffee and freshened bread in the oven. They tried to find something to talk about but all they could think of was how they'd peed themselves last evening. Eve was thinking to herself that it had felt so nice and horny to wet herself and to pee on Lotta and to feel Lotta peeing on her. But what was Lotta thinking? Probably she, now when she was sober, would think that it was di**usting... Then Lotta took a deep breath:

- "Eve, we got to talk about what we both have been pondering all morning! About us peeing on each other yesterday. We might excuse ourselves by saying that it was entirely due to us being so drunk! No, don't say anything yet, I got to finish... It was I who started it but that first wetting was at first an accident, I was drunk and was suddenly peeing without being aware that I started to do it... But I thought it felt nice and it felt even nicer when you began peeing on me! Now I wanna be honest with you. I haven't peed myself since I was a metre or so high. But what we did yesterday felt so wonderful, so arousing, so horny and I don't regret it! On the contrary, since we woke up this morning I've been thinking that I wanna do it again! Gosh, I'm blushing now! I guess the odds for you thinking the same as me are very low... Well, now you may talk..."

Eve felt waves of happiness through her body! And she was so relieved! Spontaneously she rose from the table, leapt around it and threw herself in Lotta's lap and hugged her!

- "Oh, Lotta, I was so very, very afraid you would think that what we did was di**usting! But you don't! It was the first time for me too and as you I found it so wonderful! I've never felt so horny in my whole life! And, yes, yes, yes, I also wanna do it again!! With you! With you!"

They kissed and kissed! They went out to a nearby park and standing out of sight they hugged tightly and when Lotta whispered: "Now"! They began peeing their jeans! (Actually, the jeans Eve peed was of course Lotta's...) Still peeing they lyed down on the grass; Eve with her hand on Lotta's crotch and Lotta with her hand on Eve's crotch, feeling the other's warm pee filling their hands! Lotta cupped her hand and filled it with Eve's pee. With a mischievous look she brought her hand to her mouth and drank!

- "Oh, Eve! Your pee tastes soo delicious!!"

Eve filled her hand with Lotta's pee and drank.

- "Not as wonderfully delicious as your pee!!"

They unbuttoneed each other's jeans and panting and moaning and groaning they brought each other to heights of sheer ecstasy! Exhausted they fell asleep on the grass in each other's arms!

That wasn't the end of their first day together. When they after an hour woke up they went home to Lotta's again, where they made up plans of what to do next. If they'll tell me, I'll tell you what happened next!

Your Yvette

