GRIZZLY MOUNTAIN -- Reworked (fiction)

9th September 2019, 05:51 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Mom, it's just a summer job..."

My mom exhaled, "Billy, it's like you're hiding from life. No sports…."

"Mom you're the one who didn't want me playing rugby… "

Mom sighed, "Billy, I can't believe you don't have a girlfriend. Look at you, six foot tall, broad shoulders, good looks. You take after your father.” She smiled, “He was a man's man. A three star general, a true ladies man -- and a gentleman!"

"And look where that got him!" I caught my breath. “Mom .. dad was never around. We were always moving… Mom it’s always just been you and me. And then he left us!”

My mother covered her face with her hands. "Billy this is not another talk about you joining the military. You could go to the University of your choice. You had the grades.”

"Mom we don’t have that much money. I don’t know what I’d want to major in.."

I saw pain in my mother's eyes suddenly replaced by fear. My mother gasped, "How old is he? How old is Sam?! You told me he goes to another school. Is he in college?"

"Sam's the same age as me, mom... S-Sam.. went to a private school..." My mom would never understand about the relationship between me and Sam. I didn’t fully understand it myself..

"Well it's not normal for young men to spend all of their free time at the library.." My mom gave me a pained suspicious look, "What exactly is this job?"

"Sam's father was super rich, he bought a huge hunting lodge in Canada, and converted it into a mansion. I'll mainly just be mowing the lawns. The job title is 'groundskeeper'."

"And that's what you want to spend your summer doing?" She gave me a suspicious look. "How did this job come available? Don't they already have full time staff?"

"The groundskeeper got the maid pregnant."

My mom rolled her eyes, "That figures! What else is there to do up there? You and this Sam..."

I winced involuntarily, “Mom..”. I suspected that if I told her the truth about Sam she would not want me to go.

"I'd like to meet your friend Sam," my mom said, "but my flight leaves at seven tonight... Do you at least have a picture of him?"

"I don't.." I admitted honestly.

My mom exhaled, "I'm not going to be back until some time next month.." She studied me and her face softened. "If you stayed here, you'd be alone for most of the summer. Look... you're an adult. If you want to spend up summer with your friend than I suppose it's okay with me. Just promise me that you'll introduce me to him at the end of summer."

"I promise." I said honestly.

"And promise me you'll call."

"I promise." It felt good to have my mom's support, but I also felt a little guilty.

Sam was more than a best friend to me, much much more. Even though our relationship was slightly forbidden, Sam felt like a soulmate. Sam had also lost a father. But she was only ten at the time.

###

I was both anxious and excited as I waited for an early morning flight. I almost couldn’t believe I was doing it. This wasn’t like hiding a porno magazine from my mom, or having “cybersex” with some girl on the internet. This was way worse! Oh gawd I was actually going to spend the summer with Samantha! Samantha, and her mother, Jennifer, were the two most beautiful woman I had ever seen. Both were tall, but Jennifer was up a little taller -- at about five ten -- and a little fuller figured. But both were very well endowed and had curvy erotic hourglass figures. And both had super long hair. Samantha was a dirty blonde and Jennifer was a brunette.

I was barely able to think straight or speak coherently when Jennifer interviewed me. She looked so good for thirty-six! She had only been eighteen when the eighty year old billionaire had gotten her pregnant.

It was an easy flight and I had no trouble spotting the maid who waited with a sign with my name on it. She was a young beautiful Japanese lady -- about my age. Her hair was jet black and tied up in a bun, and she wore a conservative blue business suit -- but she looked cute as hell in it!

She introduced herself as "Miss Ruka Ishimora". At least I think the last name was Ishimora, I was still nervous around pretty women, and a bit anxious and overly excited. Fortunately 'Ruka' was an easy name to remember or I would have immediately forgotten it.

"I temporary...like you." Ruka smiled politely, "Miss Jennifer get full-time groundskeeper and maid in spring." She looked at me carefully, "My employer in Japan require that I no date or have boyfriend."

"The Japanese." I grinned broadly and suddenly realized I was being insulting.

"I have boyfriend in Japan. He very rich. He want me virgin when marry."

Ruka gave me my job description, and showed me a picture of the lodge. It was unbelievable! Perched on the top of a huge rock face, with a waterfall off to one side, i felt dizzy just looking at it. And the timber frame lodge was equally spectacular.

"People think it haunted." Ruka grinned, "The native believe there energy in the rock, and many spirit. The original owner, he hire native crew. They perform ritual before build. They perform ceremony for make safe for visitor. But still fail.. It never open.." She shrugged her shoulders, "Many problem."

"Weird.. I wonder what the real story was. Corruption? Greed? Bad management?” I suddenly felt sorry for Ruka. She had spent so much time up there totally alone “Is it spooky up there?

Ruka grinned broadly, "It no spooky, it no haunted. It very boring. It very beautiful, but it very boring. There no ghost."

###

“We have one week to ready before woman come.” Ruka drove me in a beautiful old black Rolls Royce. “I no meet them. You know?”

“Yeah..” I tried to sound cool, “I’m friends with Samantha. Her mom Jennifer interviewed me for this job. And I've met Juliana -- she’s one of Samantha’s friends. she’s nice.”

Ruka eyed me curiously, “You want be Catholic Priest?”

“No!” I gasped, “Why would I want to be a Priest?”

Ruka smirked, “Samantha and Juliana want be nun.”

“Well they went to a Catholic school…” I felt myself flush slightly. If I hadn’t have overheard Samantha and Juliana talking about becoming nuns, I probably wouldn’t have had the courage to talk to them. “Where did you hear that?!”

“Half-sister of Samantha tell me.”

“Samantha has a half-sister?”

Ruka nodded, “Name Liz. She daughter of realtor who sell Lodge.”

“Samantha’s father was a real stud.” I laughed, “But I suppose being all alone together at the lodge….” I glanced nervously at Ruka. “But don’t worry about me! I am not like that at all! I know you have a boyfriend!”

Ruka grinned broadly. "You make me laugh. You very serious.. Don't worry.. You not that good looking. I can resist."

"Thanks.." I said trying to sound slightly hurt.

Ruka drove up a steep road that wound its way up a steep wooded mountain side. Red, purple, pink rhododendron flowers -- obviously planted -- were sprinkled between the tall evergreen trees on either side of the road. Suddenly we broke out of the woods and a huge lawn stretched towards a magnificent lodge in the distance.

Ruka parked in front of the lodge and I suddenly realized that I was desperate to pee. We had stopped several times, but Ruka had just waited in the car while I ran behind a nearby tree, but was strangely too pee shy to go.

I removed my suitcases from the car and set them on a cart Ruka had waiting.

"You like car?” Ruka let her long shiny jet black hair down. Good Lord she was a hottie! I loved her curvy little hips. I loved the way her firm little breasts lifted the fabric -- and I loved the points of her erect nipples showed through! “There many nice car in garage." Ruka pointed to four large swinging garage doors, big enough to pull a semi into. "Go see!"

I entered through a small unlocked door between two of the large garage doors. The garage was absolutely immaculate, and filled with vintage cars, a red Ferrari. a blue Maserati, a grey Lamborghini, a black Bugatti…” The floor was surfaced with a light grey epoxy coating, and was absolutely dust free. Maybe I was jealous, suddenly I had the urge to pee right there on the floor. I glanced around nervously. Ruka was undoubtedly busy taking my bags inside and there was not a soul around for miles...

I took a breath and unzipped my pants. The garage was absolutely quiet. I could hear my own heart beat as i pulled my penis out. Like my father I was well endowed -- but that never made it any easier to talk to girls.. My penis hardened as I aimed it at a pristine part of the floor… No! I could not do this.. What was I thinking? I would have to come back and clean it up. What if Ruka saw what I had done?!! I tucked it back in my pants. On the far side of the garage behind a white Cadillac was a half open door. Yes it was a washroom! I rushed inside and used the toilet.

###

The huge wooden double entrance doors were beautifully carved with Native American stylized pictures of birds, fish, and various animals. I pulled on the right door and it swung open with ease. The cart holding my bags sat just inside.

"Wow!" I gasped.. The ceiling was at least fifty feet high. The great room was so immense it took me a while to take it all in. Wide staircases on both sides of the entrance led up to balconies that framed the right and left side of the great room. The chimneys of massive stone fireplaces on either side of the room extended up past the middle of each balcony. And fifty foot -- floor to ceiling -- windows on the far side, flooded the room with light. Huge antler horn chandeliers hung from the vaulted timber framed ceiling. Groups of couches and comfortable chairs were placed in front of each fireplaces -- and huge flat panel televisions hung above each mantle. There were rustic tables made from sections of giant logs, and Craftsman style bookcases filled with books. There was even a Full stocked bar that could sit twenty people or more. This wasn't a mansion -- it was a palace!

I made my way across the great room, through a spectacular dining room, and into a large commercial kitchen where I heard running water. Ruka was washing something at the sink.

