Strange party

27th July 2006, 04:36 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Some of the fetishes in this story aren't really my thing but I got aroused to write them here. They just seemed to fit right. There's a lot of stuff I could add to this but at least it's a start.

###

STRANGE PARTY

John and Janes stone house sat high atop the hillside and looked very much like a gothic castle. I couldn't help but be impressed by the formal gardens surrounding it, or even the fine stonework in the large formal circular drive that led you past the entrance. Nervously I approached the massive wooden doors and rang the bell.

The door opened and Jane greeted me. "Well hello Rick! Welcome! You're the first guest to arrive." Jane wore a bathrobe with a towel wrapped around her blonde hair. Apparently she'd just showered. "We didn't expect anybody so soon." she explained.

I struggled slightly to fight the urge to check out her young voluptuous body under the bathrobe. She was Johns girlfriend after all. But she did have beautiful full round hips...

Maybe I just wasn't getting out enough? When I was in my early teens I'd masterbated frequently but then I met Julie in college and we had a very satisfying relationship for three years. Since then I had decided that I wouldn't masterbate but instead only have sex with girls. Sometimes I would go weeks without finding a "girlfriend" to hook up with, and recently I'd gone several months. I could feel myself going hard just talking to Jane.

"Well come on in and see our place." Jane encouraged.

Their house was like a small castle. Large windows gave sweeping views of the valley, and the walls were paneled with fine cherrywood. Large chandeliers hung from the vaulted ceilings, and the expasive front room had the deepest plushest white carpeting that I'd ever seen. The furniture was upholstered with light colored cloth rather than leather but it looked to be very well made -- very large and comfortable.

I noticed a very pretty young girl, perhaps in her early twenties, dusting and getting things ready. She wore a highly erotic blue french maids uniform that showed off her young hips, breasts, and legs, and she wore her hair in a french braid.

"Wow, you've even got a beautiful full time maid. Does Jane mind?" I asked John.

"Not at all.." John gazed over at her. "Actually.. Wendy's our submissive. You could say that Jane and I live a very different "alternative" sort of lifestyle. Some of the other guests will be bringing their subs too."

John noticed the shocked look on my face. He smiled with amusement "Feel free to use her as you like."

Immediately I felt myself growing hard and I watched Wendy work breathlessly.

The doorbell rang and John went to answer it. I wondered, did John really mean that I could have sex with Wendy?!

"Rick," John called from the entrance hall. "Come meet Sir Lance and his pet Trisha."

Sir Lance, or simply "Lance" as he called himself, wore an elegant black suit. His "pet", Trisha, wore a tight black skirt complete with black pantihose and spikey black heels. She had dyed black hair, dark makeup around her eyes, and she looked very goth. Especially with the collar around her neck attached to the leash that Sir Lance held.

I shook Sir Lances outstretched hand and I felt Trisha's hands rubbing me, feeling me.

"You may pet Trisha if you like." Lance offered.

"Yes, she's a very good girl." John said running a hand softly through her hair than rubbing her breasts with both hands. Her knees were squeezed together, and I'm sure that if they hadn't been that Johns hands would have been down there too.

I just stood there, my penis bulging painfully, noticeably, under my slacks, frozen, unable to think. Trisha stared at my crotch and I turned slightly trying to hide my arousal.

"Well come on in and sit down." John encouraged.

Sir Lance gave a tug at Trishas chain and they followed.

"Beautiful place you have here." Sir Lance commented looking around the room and out the window.

But my attention was on Trisha's hands under her skirt. She was pulling down her panties!

Sir Lance and John glanced at her than went back to talking.

Trisha looked over at me, smirked, and then she squatted. My god! Was she really going to take a pee right on that thick beautiful carpet? Right in the middle of the front room?

I heard a hissing sound and saw a thick stream erupt between her legs and start to splash noisily onto the carpet. I watched in rapt amazement. It was a strange perverse thrill. Finally she finished, shook herself off slightly, then stood back up and pulled up her panties.

"Bad pet! Bad bad pet!" Lance grinned "Now John will have to punish you later."

Trisha just bit her tongue and smirked.

Wendy appeared from the kitchen carrying a tray with coffee and cookies on it. "Would anybody like something to drink, to eat?" Wendy asked. Wendy set the tray down on the coffee table and I helped myself to a coffee and a cookie.

"Well come on out on the back terrace and see that ficus you gave me." John encouraged Sir Lance. Sir Lance and Trisha headed outside. I would have followed but my hard-on was becoming a little embarrassing and I figure that if I sat down I might appear a little more "normal" before the other guests arrived.

Then Wendy reappeared with a vacuum cleaner and began vacuuming the wet spot on the carpet. As she did so she bent over so that I could see her white lacy panties covering her exquisite womanly rear. Back and forth she went...

I took a deep breath. It was wrong.. I shouldn't do it.. God what a thrill it would be...

Slowly I was up.. My slacks bulging ridiculously. Slowly I made my way towards Wendy.. Her womanly hips were right in front of me! It almost hurt now... Carefully.. very carefully I began to unzip.. Hurrying a little now I undid my belt and popped the top button! I pulled down and I was freee! My engorged penis huge and pointing towards Wendy's rear which moved towards me than away. I reached for her!! My hands went under her skirt and onto her panties. She jumped a little in suprise. But I kept on going... pulling her panties down revealing her wet raw unshaven pussy -- my favorite.

"Ohh..uuhh.." Wendy gasped as I pushed forcefully into her pussy. We fucked roughly with passion, my hands finding her breasts, her pussy, all over her. But amazingly she kept vacuuming as we fucked. Maybe she was used to it?!

It was an amazingly intense mind blowing guilty fuck that left me collapsed heavily on her trembling heart beating body.. Finally, coming to my senses, I glanced around the room checking to make sure that we were still alone, then I slid out of her and gave her a soft kiss on the cheek before zipping myself back up. I couldn't fight the fear that John might find out about what I'd just done and that I hadn't really understood him when he'd offered Wendy to me.

Nervously I headed out back to the spectacular balcony where Sir Lance and Trisha sat.

"John ran to get some stuff. He should be back anytime." Sir Lance explained.

My mind went a little wild. Had John seen me? Had I been so into it that I hadn't noticed him?!!! I tried to act casual.

"Are those cookies and coffee in there, any good?" Sir Lance asked. Trisha just stared at my crotch.

"Yes..yes they're quite good." I nodded emphatically.

"Would you like a cookie and a coffee my pet?" Sir Lance asked Trisha. Trisha just nodded.

We'd just barely sat down at the couch when I heard the front door unlatch. My heart nearly stopped. John entered the room carrying two large bags of groceries.

"I decided to pick up a few more things." John explained. Tom set the groceries down on the coffee table and motioned to Wendy with his hand. She headed for the groceries, then he shock his head. She nodded knowingly.

John headed towards Wendy. "It ended up taking me longer than I thought it would". He unzipped his pants and pulled out his penis urgently.

"Sure.. um... that's okay" I nodded nervously.

Wendy got down on her knees, opened her mouth with a look of determination and leaned towards John's penis

"Well some of the other guest should be arriving soon. I think you'll enjoy this party," John winked at me " I think you'll find it different."

I watched in amazement as a powerful jet of pee went into Wendy's open mouth. She choked and gagged slightly, then she started gulping. John moved closer and slid the tip of his penis into her mouth as he continued peeing powerfully. Wendy struggling noticeably to keep from gagging.

"That coffee's not bad." John looked at the coffee on the table. "But there's beer in the fridge if you'd prefer that."

I could only watch and nod my head in mute agreement.

John shook his penis off , then Wendy got up and dried it with her shirt.

"Do you need to use the toilet?" John asked nonchalantly pointing at Wendy

"Oh no, I'm fine." Sir Lance nodded

"Umm.. uh.. no thanks.." I managed

"Well than how about a beer?"

"Sounds great." Sir Lance agreed.

We followed John into his large impressive kitchen. He had a refrigerator JUST for beer! I selected a sweet dark beer and the others chose lagers. The beer helped calm my nerves.

"Sounds like some of the guests are arriving." John remarked listening to the sounds of his wife greeting people at the front door. And the sounds of lively music came from the front room.

I quickly downed two more beers then John suggested that we go meet the other guests.

I entered the front room to see two men peeing in Wendy's mouth at the same time, somehow she was swallowing it all without spilling any on the carpet

"Wow, that was a lot of pee!" Jane commented. Jane was completely naked except for white thigh high nylons and white high heeled shoes. Her pussy also was unshaven. John too must prefer hairy pussies.

A small crowd of men and women talking excitedly watched with amusement.

"Does anybody else need to go pee?" Jane asked.

One of the men who'd just peed was now fucking Wendy vigorously doggy style.

"I could use a pee." A newcomer announced. He got in front of Wendy, undid his zipper, and peed right into her mouth as she was being fucked.

I felt a little relief when both men finally finished with Wendy.

"Robert, do you need to use the urinal?" Jane asked a man who'd just come in with his wife and was busy undoing his zipper

"Oh no that's okay." he gestured to his wife. "Tabitha and never use the toilet when we have to pee." He pulled out his rather large penis out, aimed it randomly into the middle of the livingroom and began peeing powerfully on the carpet.

Tabitha hurried over to the coffee table unzipped frantically, pulled her beige slacks and panties down, sat on the edge of the coffee table and let loose with a huge stream of piss onto the carpet. "Oh my god. I almost wet my pants!" she laughed.

"What would be wrong with that?" Another woman smirked. She wore soaking wet pee stained white slacks.

"Hi I'm Sara.." A bruenette, probably in her twenties, with a vary nice body approached me.

"I'm Rick." I held out my hand.

"Rick.." Sara grinned and bit her lip. "I've been a very naughty girl. Will you spank me, please?" She turned around, and bent over.

I was speechless.

Sara turned back to me with a slightly disappointed look "I see that there are drinks and on the table, but I'd really love a beer."

"There's beer in the refrigerator in the kitchen." I volunteered, getting a little more nerve. "Here, I'll take you there."

She followed me into the kitchen and I led her to the refrigerator but she didn't seem very interested in the beer.

"Are you sure that you don't want to spank me?" Sara asked pulling her pants and panties down exposing her beautiful shapely rear and and then bending over and exposing her pussy.

"I uh.." I stammered feeling myself involuntarily growing hard as a rock.

Sara turned back around, looked at my crotch and grinned devilishly. "You can spank me afterwards, if you like." She turned back around and dropped her pants and panties all the way to the floor and leaned on the counter.

The kitchen was empty. It was just the two of us! I fumbled a little but had my pants down quickly anyway. Taking a deep breath I moved into position behind her, set one hand on her back for balance and holding my engorged penis with the other I penetrated her wonderful wet pussy. My hands found their way under her sweater to her large firm breasts, and I caressed her hard nipples as we began fucking slowly. Sara started pushing and squeezing harder and I picked up the pace in rhythm with her pumping vigorously now.

"I see you're getting to know the other guests." John entered the kitchen. I literally jumped but continued fucking Sara unsure of what I should do.

"Good!" John commented. He had Trisha by her leash and he led her over to counter not far from us and hooked her leash around a knob.

Trisha turn and assumed a position similar to Sara's. And I noticed that John had a hard-on.

"I think you'll find that we're a very sexual group." John continued. "Yes very sexual." He said carefully pulling Trisha's panties down. Then he unzipped himself and began very roughly fucking Trisha. They fucked loudly like animals. Strangely it turned me on two and soon I felt Sara beginning to tremble and I closed my eyes enjoying the second intoxicating orgasm of the evening. Soon I heard John and Trisha orgasming.

I slid my penis out of Sara's pussy and she turned around and we cuddled and kissed. "I'm ready for that beer and the spanking now if you'd like." Sara grinned. She kicked her panties and pants off into a corner and headed for the refrigerator. I joined her and we both selected lite beer.

"What's going on in here?" I heard a mans voice ask and two men entered the kitchen.

"Oh not much." John commented wiping himself off with a towel. "Rick this is Wendell and Colin."

"Hi" I nodded.

"Wendell is a good spanker!" Sara giggled. She reassumed her position at the counter.

"Aaaahhh.." Trisha squealed. Colin was now fucking her vigorously from behind like John had just done.

"I..uh..I think I'll go and get an h'orderve." I excused myself heading back towards the front room. Wendy hurried by me and I followed her curiously out to the front step where she squatted and began peeing powerfully. "We're seating people in the diningroom now." Wendy informed me "Do you need to pee?"

"Oh no thanks." I said with a shake of my hand.

Wendy led me to the diningroom and seated me next to a couple beautiful naked women named Jules and Debra. Jules had a large dildo that she masterbated with as she sat at the table.

"Have you ever played BDSM poker before?" Debra asked me.

