Hot lady

10th November 2009, 03:37 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

This happened when I was a student.

I came home from college that summer for a two week vacation before going back to school. It was fun being in my old house. My parents were both working, so I had the house to myself all day long. I would get up with my parents for breakfast and then sit on our small front porch enjoying the old neighborhood for a few hours each day.

Every day a nice looking woman, probably about 70 years old, would slowly walk by the house and she would always greet me. As the days went by she began to stop to chat and after several days I asked her if she would like to sit with me on the porch and have a cold drink. Our conversations drifted from my college experiences to her circumstances. She told me that her husband had left her ten years earlier and that she lived alone. She asked if I had a girlfriend at school and I told her that I did but that I wasn't sure if we would continue to see each other.

The middle of the second week was especially hot so I asked her if she would like to go inside the house where the air conditioning was on. She said yes and we took our cool drinks inside. I was wearing shorts and a t-shirt, but she had a thin arabic kind of cotton pants with a sagging crotch . She wore a matching blouse to it, that where open at the chest, revealing a nice crack of her big breasts.

Once inside the house I asked her if she was too warm since her clothes. She responded that she didn't wear anything under the them and that it was the coolest way to dress in the summer.

As she passed me to take a look out the window, the light made her appear like a sillouette, and I could see the shape of her body through her clothes. To be a lady at her age, she was in good shape.

I was starting to get a boner.

Then she said that I would feel cooler if I didn't have such tight shorts on and suggested that I take them off. I couldn't believe that she seemed to be coming on to me. "Go ahead," she urged, "pull them off and see if you don't feel cooler." I removed the shorts and sat back down next to her on our couch in my underwear and t-shirt.

She was obviously staring at my crotch and the more she looked, the harder I got. Soon my penis was fully erect and making a tent in my lap.

"Looks like you miss your girlfriend," she remarked. "How long has it been since you had sex?"

I asked if she counted having sex by myself, and she laughed. "You probably do that twice a day," she added. Then she got a strange look on her face and asked if I wanted to masturbate in front of her. "It's been years since I watched a man masturbate and I would love to see you do it."

I was embarrassed and a little uncomfortable. After a moment of hesitation she turned toward me and said, "maybe this will help you to get started." Then she began unbuttoning her blouse, starting from the top. She wasn't wearing any underwear as I allready knew and as she continued she revealed amazingly well proportioned breasts with long nipples which she squeezed so that I could see them grow.

She let out a soft moan.

"Does this inspire you?" she asked.

A few seconds later my penis was in my hand and I was stroking it.

"Go slow," she pleaded. "Let me catch up."

She pushed a hand down her pants, spread her legs and began touching herself. She let out another moan .

"This will take some time" she commented, after some minutes. "I'm an old lady and I don't get as wet as I used to, but on the other hand I sometimes..."

With that she stiffened a little, as to conentrate, and then I heard a sigh of relief from her, followed by a short hissing wet sound from her crotch.

I saw in awe a wet patch appear between her legs, making the wet material totally see-thorough. She was shaved.

"I am sorry", she started..but I said it was very sexy.

She continued wanking and thanked me for being undestanding, and said that letting out some fluid, as she called it, helped her lack of wetness.

I tried to slow down, but the excitement the sight of her wetlook- pussy and having this near stranger next to me touching herself was more than I could take. As it became obvious to her that I was about to cum, she became stern, saying, "not so fast, control yourself."

But it was too late. I grunted and shot a huge load of cum that splashed on my shoulders and chest. She made a squeeking noise when she saw it and began to work on herself furiously. I continued to stroke myself even though I had already cum.

It took her several minutes, but eventually she began to make little noises and her breathing changed. She would occasionally loose bladder control too and some short hissing sounds followed, making her pants soaking wet.

Finally she gripped herself with both hands, made a gasping sound and doubled up into a near fetal position, twitching and gasping for a very long time.

She collapsed back onto the couch and by this time I was hard again and going for number two. She watched me intently all the time rubbing herself and making soft purring sounds. When I came for the second time she had a second orgasm.

After a few minutes of quiet she asked for some napkins, cleaned herself off and left. When I opened the door for her she said that she would be back the next day.

