Ann - 1 - the wedding ceremony

23rd January 2010, 05:09 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Hi everyone!

I just read yesterday evenning a story by Ann Boleyn on this very forum in which she admitted having been caught short at a wedding. If you wish to learn more about it, just read it here: Ann Boleyn - Wet knickers at a wedding

Anyway the idea nagged at me and I imagined a very vivid story. When everything finally calmed down down there I decided to write it up and submit it to your appreciation. I stil don't know if there will be a follow-up or not.

I hope you will be indulgent, while I love the English language it is not my mother tongue and I still have difficulties with the vocabulary and the grammar. If you have any remark about something sounding weird, don't hesitate to pm me your suggestions.

And yes, this is fictionnal, but who cares ?

***

Ann made her rushed entry into the family bathroom and went straight to the sink, she was running late! A quick glance to the mirror revealed that the rain had not have any ill effects on her long hairs, still tightly braided together. She grabbed her necessary and began doing her nuts-colored hazel eyes and applied some red lipstick to her thin lips. A bit of blush on her pale cheeks and she was all set. Taking a step back she appraised herself, the red satin dress was molding her eighteen years old body and did a good job of revealing every bit of her light frame, even drawing attention to her tiny tits... she yanked the dress a bit lower to reveal even more cleavage.

"Hurry up!", said her mother passing by the open door and heading downstairs.

Ann hurried after her mother and quickly put her high heels. It was the first time she wore heels that high and she hoped it would okay but the effect on her calves and her butt were worth it. Her mother returned from the kitchen with her nine years old sister, both dressed as smartly as herself, even if a bit more conservative. Then the three of them rushed outside and into the car where her father was waiting for them. She could not repressed a smile when her father gasped and looked her up and down. She expected that effect from the younger male attendance at the wedding, and secretly revealed in the teasing she was going to indulge in.

They sped up toward the church. "How come it took so long at the hair maker?", asked her father. "You would not believe how many people there were!", her mother said, "Hurry up please, I would not like to arrive late at Kathy's wedding, Marla would skin me alive.". Ann shuddered, her aunt Marla, her mother's sister, was known to have a bit of a temper and she was keen to avoid anything that met set her off.

Fortunately, they made good time and arrived to the church just in time. Her aunt Marla was at the top of the stairs and came down to greet them, a little frown on her forehead.

"Hi Marla!", quickly said her mother, "Sorry for the delay, the hair maker took his sweet time."

"Hi Lindsey!", came the answer, "I am glad you're there, and so smart to, hurry inside the boys will see you to your seats... We are expecting Kathy and Jason at any time now."

The four of them left Marla on the stairs and hurried inside as the wind kicked up. Even though they were late August it seems the weather was not keen to the event and a storm was slowly coming. Once inside they were shown to her seats by Ann's cousins and she let her mother and father pass first so that she could sway her hips slightly and tease them. Once they arrived, she made a show of seating down and smiled at them, constating with pleasure that a slight bulge was now showing through their trousers. Unfortunately they immediately set off to the door, probably having been briefed by aunt Marla.

After a good thirty minutes wait, the weather finally gave way, and still waiting for Kathy and Jason to show up they could hear the loud splatter of the rain on the stained glass windows. They waited another ten minutes before Marla shown up and told them that Kathy, her father and Jason's family were only a few miles away. She then asked two men to quickly grab a plastic sheet or something so that they could make an impromptu canopy for them because the rain was falling heavily.

Finally, almost an hour late, the wedding could begin. Jason was dressed in a traditionaly black suit, seeming tensed. Ann could not fathom why her beautiful cousin who had had all of the boys drowling for her back in high school had settled for him. He was not bad looking, but neither was he superman. He seemed a bit geeky even. Smiling inwardly she wondered if it was for his bed abilities, she began imagining a sculpted body under that suit, and could not refrain from picturing him doing a strip tease right there and then with the Full Monty's music in background.

The music suddenly flared and interrupted her fantasy. Everyone perked up and turned round to look for the entrance. Kathy appeared at the arm of her father. Him beaming with unconcealed pride, her showing a bit of nervousness but otherwise just stunning. Ann could not refrain a bit of jealousy, even though they were only two years apart Kathy had always drawn all the attention, and her magnificent cleavage was once more put to good use with the dress she was wearing. She slowly made her way to the front of the crowd, and the ceremony truly began.

***

The ceremony had been going on for a good thirty minutes now and Ann could feel her bladder becoming slightly painful. Because of the late hair maker and the lateness she had not gone to the toilets at home and she quickly assessed that it had been four hours and a half since she last went. She bit her lower lip and shuffled in her seat. Looking quickly around she could see that everyone was clearly focused on Kathy. She even surprised a few of the men looking suspiciously lower than they should, and her father among them! She also saw that her little sister Abi seemed as much uncomfortable as she was and realised that she too had probably not go in all this time.

Ann elbowed her mother slightly and cast her eyes toward her sister. Her mother did a quick appraisal of the situation, then leaned toward Abi and whispered "Are you alright dear?". "I need to powder my nose." replied Abi, very keen on this expression of late. Ann leaned toward both of them, "I'll take her. Come on Abi."

Abi quickly leaped to her feet and then they escaped the bench. Ann took her sister's hand and they set off toward the entrance. Some people looked at them as they passed, but there was not much one could do when a child needed to go to the toilets. They finally got to the entrance and stepped in the small antechamber. Ann cast a quick look outside but it was still raining heavily and there was no way she would get her hairs and dress wet. There was one another door on her right, and she opened it an drew her sister in with her.

The room was filled with an exposition, but it did not interest Ann in the slightest at the moment. Letting go of Abi's hand she quickly surveyed the walls for a door or a toilet sign, surely there would be some right ? She felt her bladder contract and quickly put a hand to her crotch, holding herself for a minute. She took a few steps within the room but she could not see anything that looked like a door. Suddenly she realised that the toilets were probably on the other side of the church. "Oh no!", there was just no way she could go back in her state.

A sharp hiss interrupted her thoughts, cutting through the heavy patter of the rain and the music from within the church. She did a quick turnabout and spotted her sister with her panties to her knees, her skirt hiked up to her waist, squatting right next to the door and peeing for all she worth. "Abi!!!!". Abi looked up, tears swelling in her eyes "I am sorry...". Ann felt her heart heave, she walked to her sister and crouched at her side, sending a quick spurt into her thong. She quickly shushed her sister and wiped the tears with her right hand, her left holding her crotch through her dress "Don't worry darling, just do it okay, it's no big deal and I won't tell Mom.". Her sister looked at her, tears still threatening to escape her control. She was evidently so afraid to be punished...

Inspiration came to Ann and she acted on it. "Sod it!" She quickly turned on her heels and placed herself right alongside her still peeing sister, bum to the wall. Her hands quickly disappeared below her dress, and reappaered almost immediately exposing her thong to the world. With her thong now at her knees, she hiked up her dress slowly, trying not to crumple it. She then sighed and squatted, cracking a smile at her sister "I can't wait either."

She tried to relax her bladder, but despite the pain nothing would come out. She glanced downward, a little yellow stain showing on her white thong. She cringed a bit inwardly, it was the first time she had been allowed to wear one, as anything else would show through her dress, and she had already messed it up a bit. A sharp pain remind herself of her purpose. She glanced to the floor, and could see the puddle of her sister still expanding forward. It was massive. And yet she was not going herself. "Come on!" she mumbled to herself "it's not as if a bit more would hurt anyone"

Finally she felt a small trickle escape through her pussy lips. Even through the heavy patter of the rain, the music, and the hiss of her sister's own pee she could hear the droplets hit the ground below her. She tensed up and it stopped. "Oh god!" she thought, then ushed herself, invoking God while taking a slash into His house was perhaps not the best way to get away with it. She concentrated on her bladder, closing her eyes. She pushed a bit and then she felt it, slowly a dribble made its way and began to splatter on the ground. She moaned softly with the feeling of relief, and let go.

Her eyes still closed, she let her bladder empty itself. It just felt so good to finally go, the pain subsiding slowly as more and more yellowish pee escaped the restrained confines of her small bladder and made its way to the old tiles. She was now gushing strongly, she could feel a few dropplets spatter on her ankles and calves, and a few on her toes too, and just crouched lower pushing her pelvis forward so that her bum was lodged between her feet and her pee could go forward rather then downward.

She heard her sister gasp and opened her eyes to look at her. Abi was standing, having stepped to the side of her puddle, her panties still at her knees. Her eyes however were clearly rived to the crotch of her sister. Ann looked downward and gasped herself. She was making a mess! In her current position her pee was going straight forward and was hitting the ground a good foot from her. She was not only drenching the old tiles, she was also spraying a much larger area than her sister had, her puddle already making its way below the window display in front of her!

She was about to correct her position, when she realised it was too late anyway. Turning her face toward her sister she just grinned madly and pushed as hard as she could. Her sister's hand went to her mouth as Ann's pee spray jerked forward and finally reached the bottom of the window display soaking the tainted curtain that was wrapped around its base. "Oops!" and both sisters giggled together.

Finally reaching the end of her much need pee Ann watched slightly disappointed as her yellow spray made its way backward to her pussy lips. She let it dribble a bit, then closed her eyes and pushed hard, grinning as she released a last spurt on the floor.

She standed up and the reality of what she had done hit her like a train. The puddle was massive, from the wall to the display window. There was no way anyone entering the room could miss it. And if they noticed it they could not fail to notice Abi's own puddle, now making its way lazily toward the same display. She froze and strained her ears but she could not hear anyone coming. She was about to put her thong back but was suddenly afraid that people would be able to smell the pee she had released in it before. Then looking down she nearly panicked when she saw the small dropplets on her high heels, ankles and calves.

She took a good breath then shed her thong quickly and used it to dry herself up. Once satisifed she looked up and saw that Abi had imitated her. She was a bit shocked but reasoned it was better that way. She took Abi's panties and threw them and her own thong in one of the corner of the room. Then she made sure that both dresses looked right, slightly pulling on them to straighten them. She looked at Abi in the eyes "Don't speak of it to anyone okay? Not even Lisa or David. Not even Mom. That's our little secret, just for the two of us.". Abi nodded gravely.

They both made their way back and Ann made sure she closed the door so that no one would glance by chance. Everyone knew that the two sisters had been looking for toilets and there was no way they could get away with that. Her cousins would probably die with jealousy at the thought of having missed the show, but she was definitely not looking forward to the sermon of her aunt, her bum still reminiscing of the last time her aunt had been crossed at her. They just returned to her mother and father, and she smiled at her mother, hoping she would blame the blush on the situation.

***

The ceremony came to an end, and everyone followed on the newly wedded couple lead. Of course it was still raining heavily outside and they had a hard time going in their limo without getting soaked. The crowd thinned out quickly and Ann's heart was beating like crazy at the thought that any of them could just decide to get into the small room. Thankfully they seemed more intent on going to the party. She saw her father leave, running like a madman and turned to her mother "Your father's gone fetching the car, I don't want our dresses to get all soaked with that rain.". She nodded, and just wished they could get away, but because of their late arrival they had been parked further than anyone else and it would take some time.

From the corner of her eyes Ann noticed her mother was fidgeting a bit. She saw her bit her lower lips. "Well, I'd better go powder my nose before your father comes back." she said, winking at Abi. Abi went a deep red at that remark and Ann's breathing stopped. Her mother turned to her "Can you show me the toilets Ann?"

Ann stuttered and mumbled "Dad won't be long..." but her mother just looked at her intently. Ann's eyes shied from her mother's and she found herself staring at the door of all her fears. Her mother caught her look and went briskly to the door, opening it in the same move. "Mom no!" shouted Ann, she was suddenly feeling very faint and all colors had drained from her face at the thought of her mother discovering the mess behind the door. Her mother turned to her and just said "Be back in a minute darling."

Ann look at her mother as she entered the room and froze, her eyes riveted to the floor in front of her. She clunched her sister's hand and saw her mother blushed a deep red when realization hit her. Her mother turned toward her, mouth agape and then breathed "Ann!!!!"

Ann just could not moved, she wished she had never ever come to that damn wedding, she wished it had not rain, she wished a thousand things, but nothing could prevent what was coming.

She looked up at her mother, smiling wanly, her throat constricted.

And then her mother did the unexpected, with a "Oh for God's sake" she actually closed the door and disappeared in the room.

Ann could not believe her own ears. She slowly unclenched Abi's hand and then rushed forward and opened the door in one swoop. Her mother was squatting on the other side of the door. She had not set her back to the wall as Abi and Ann had done earlier. No here was her mother, a prim and proper woman in her mid-forties, dressed in her smartest outfit, with her thong at her knees, her dress bunched up, squatting in the middle of the alley.

"Mom!!!"

Her mother looked up "Oh close the door Ann!"

Ann was about to, when Abi came in to see what was going on, she let her in, noticing her sharp intake of breath as she spotted their mother, and then finally closed the door.

"Sorry girls, but when a girl gotta go..." and with that statement, a small tickle escapted her mother's pussy lips, wide open, and splattered on the floor.

Ann and Abi stared, dumbfooted, as their mother then let go a powerful stream. It splattered heavily in front of her and the girls took a few quick steps backward. She heard her mother sigh heavily as more and more pee escaped her. Her mother really was a gusher Ann realized. There was nothing restrained in her pee, it just went everywhere. The main stream was going forward strongly, much as Ann had done herself to avoid peeing her shoes, but there was two or three smaller streams going sideways. Ann was startled at the uninhibited behavior of her so proper mother... and at the mess she was making!

Lindsey's relief was plunging her in a sweet ecstasy. It just felt so good to relieve the pain of her bladder. And of course the very location of her naughty slash just added to her thrill. Feeling her yellow stream gushing strongly just reminded her of her younger years, when she had begun partying at college. The girls would just relieve themselves wherever they could back then, and that certainly rarely involved a toilet. She wondered about the last time she had done it, and the memory rushed to her, no more than a month ago she had been caught short while shopping for this very dress and had to make do in a changing room in one of the poshest shop of the mall.

Slowly opening her eyes, Lindsey looked at her stream, still going strongly like she always had, and then up to her daughters. Both were staring intently at her pussy and she could not suppress a smile. She purposefully pushed strong revelling as her shocked daughters parted to let her stream patter between them. The thrill of her behavior and the gasps of her daughters were arousing her badly and she moaned hoarsely. Finally the orgasm overtook her and she looked at Ann in the eyes while her pussy clenched and unclenched, her toes madly curled on full display and shudders running from her feet to her head.

The orgasm passed, and she let the last spurts escape her bladder's confines. She got up and constated that her thong had been thoroughly soaked by her earlier leaks during the ceremony. She removed it and dried her legs and ankles and shoes. Ann could not repress a giggle at that and when her mother looked up she just indicated the corner of the room. Her mother went to the corner and gasped as she recognized the thong she and Ann had bought up specially for this occasion and the little panties of Abi. Then grinning she just dropped her own soaked underwears and turned to her daughters "Aren't we bad girls?" she announced, her laugh light and airy.

Leaving the room and the mess behind them, the three of them set off for the stairs, looking up to see Ann's father approaching. "I can't believe you did that Mom, what would have aunt Marla said if she had caught you!", "Oh don't presume too much on your aunt darling, you would never believe what she was up to at your age." and on that comment her mother dashed to the awaiting car, her daughters in toe.

The end

