Caught

19th January 2013, 06:04 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Hi thought I'd actually write a story...but I cant say I havent thought about this for real...so its fiction, but most of the experience is real and the rest based in fantasy- which.. is it real? Who knows? !! Anyway, enjoy.

Caught- part 1

###

I have had a 'thing' for desperation, wetting myself for a long time. I think always had a curiosity or comfort about pee.But what is odd is I used to have bladder problems when I was younger and HATED it when I wet my pants. I did it often. I was even a bedwetter and as much as I hated the embarrassment, I rememeber a comfort with feeling wet sometimes-I liked the feeling, the smell- it was just part of who I was and I liked the sensation of being care free or letting go of being 'grown up', or helping me cope with pressures at home and school. I rememeber just always feeling like i was ready to leak if I waited too long. I even had been teased a few times. As I got older, my bladder issues got better (mostly) and i put it out of my mind for the most part.

But one summer I had to go pee so badly when I was walking out behing my house- I was maybe 18 or 19..We had alot of land behind our house and i used to like to take long walks. On this particular walk, I really miscalculated and found myself ready to burst, like a mile or more from home. No toilet, not many places to hide really to just go pee anywhere. As the desperation increased by the minute, literally, I began to feel that i was not going to make it and I was actually going to have an accident right in my pants. I began to feel an excitement, even a fear that I was going to wet my pants like i used to do alot when i was younger.

But this time, the excitement was different and for some odd reason I felt a warmth, or like a sexual arousal from the sensations I was feeling down there. The feeling shocked me but rather than get it out of my mind, i went along with it and waves of desperation came over me until I literally was frozen in position. I was standing- i froze...i had my legs together and i thought if i move one step im going to lose it.

But it started to calm a bit, but my heart started to beat fast and i felt very excited, like I wanted to actually touch myself...but I didn't. I couldn't do that where I was standing. I kept replaying in my head- "don't pee your pants...don't pee your pants..." But then a huge wave of urge came over me and i was powerless...I didn't fight it...i just let it happen and i began to gush...making a huge mess of my jeans and it even got in my socks and shoes. It just kept going...and i peed my pants. I had an accident and i loved it.

I had a mix of embarrassment, fear and like a feeling of being turned on. I just walked back toward home and i got maybe 100 feet from where I lost it and a 30-ish woman actually saw me. She started walking toward me and I felt my face heat up like I wanted to hide. She yelled out- "you ok, hun?"

"Did you have an accident ? Do you need a towel or something?" She was so nice she went back toward her house, came out with a towel, and told me to wrap it around my waist and go home and change. She just said "it happens to me all the time...and it's ok. Girl plumbing sucks and people need to just deal with it. If you ever need to talk about it, we're neighbors, and I don't bite!." Anyway, she was so nice and I will never forget it. The sensations I felt and the act of getting caught was so powerful.

I went home...took off my jeans and masturbated in my wet underwear in the bathroom. I felt alive. But that act of getting caught was a profound experience I never forgot and it set the stage for me fantasizing about that over and over as I got older. I believe that experience shaped my sexuality and the way I am today. But would not get a chance to replay that experience until much later...

To be continued...

