Mary changes her profession.

4th August 2017, 05:54 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

MARY

This all happened many years ago. Things were very different then, for one thing, mini-skirts were barely in vogue, frowned upon by «respectable» people... Indeed, if you saw a girl hanging around a street corner after dark, wearing a skirt THAT short... Well... She could only be there for one purpose!..

...

It's only 8 o-clock but already dark at this time of year. I'm standing at a street corner in London, near a railway station. On another corner opposite, I can see a very pretty young girl. Long, dark hair, gently waved at the ends... pretty face... Lovely legs, shown off to perfection by a VERY short skirt, well above the knee. The skirt says it all, of course. Only one sort of girl would be dressed like that! Odd, though... In some strange way, she doesn't really strike me as THAT sort of girl. She's been there for a good couple of hours... Well at least, she was there when I came past before a cinema show, I presume she's been there all the time.

She seems a bit uncomfortable, fidgeting and shifting her weight from one foot to the other... Probably just tired after all that time... Ah... It looks as though she's given up. She's walking away through the station passageway...

Oh... Apparently not. She was only gone a minute or two and she's back. She looks even more uncomfortable now, fidgeting even more, looking rather anxious... Ah, that passageway rings a bell... I think I know where she just went and why she looks a bit worried now... I looked at her more closely and confirmed my thoughts... The real tell-tale sign, I can see the hem of her skirt is trembling slightly... Her bum is quivering!..

After a while she noticed my interest in her, caught my eye and started walking towards me.

«Do you like what you see?»

«Oh yes, very much!»

«What do you like... My hair... my face... my legs?..»

«They are all lovely, you are a very attractive girl... I also noticed something else about you which interests me even more.»

«What's that?»

«You want to go to the lavatory...»

Her hesitation and obvious embarrassment at this remark further added to my belief that she was very new to the game.

«Well... Yes... I DO actually. How do you know?»

«You went down that side alley there and came straight back. There's nothing much down there but a Ladies lavatory, and that's out of order.» She frowned and squirmed in discomfort.

«Yes, I just found that out... I was really RELYING on that lavatory!»

«What do you want to go to the lavatory for?» Even more embarrassed now.

«Well... If you MUST know... I want to have a wee.»

«How badly do you want to have a wee?» She seemed to be getting a bit more relaxed with me now, more willing to talk about wanting to go to the lavatory.

«To tell the truth, I'm busting»

«Are you having a wee in you knickers?» Suddenly shy again, she blushed, giggled and said,

«Well Actually, I AM doing a bit in my knickers now and then, just a few dribbles.»

«Are letting some go to relieve yourself?»

«Oh, no, I'm trying my hardest not to wee. I just can't hold myself any longer!..

Look, you seem very interested in me wanting to go to the lavatory, shall we go somewhere and talk about it more?»

«Tell you what, I'll take you to a pub and get you a couple of pints of beer if you promise to stay there 'till closing time and then leave without going to the lavatory.»

«Ooh... No... I couldn't do THAT.»

«Why not?»

«Well... You know... Closing time's about 4 hours away. It'll take at least an hour or so to drink two pints, then you want me to wait another two hours or more. That's at least three hours and even then I mustn't go to the lavatory, I have to walk home, that's another half hour. I'm already dying to have a wee, starting to do it in my knickers a bit. I won't be able to hold myself.»

«I didn't say you have to hold yourself... Just don't go to the lavatory.» She gasped, then giggled shyly,

«You mean... Just sit there and... Have a wee.. Do it all in my knickers?»

«Yes, if you can't hold yourself.»

«How do you know I won't just go to the lavatory anyway?»

«I don't really but somehow I don't think you are the sort of girl who would cheat like that. I can't STOP you from going to the lavatory, I just ask you to promise not to. If you cheat on me, you'll get a free beer... you can have mine too, if you like, but that's all you'll ever get from me. I won't be there when you come back.» She hesitated.

«Ooh... I don't know... You're asking a lot from me... It's not even as if I could let a quick squirt go to relieve myself a bit now and then as some girls I know say they can. Once I really start start having a wee I can't stop myself from doing it all. I do such a LOT of wee when I really have to go. My knickers and skirt will be SOAKED... It'll run all over the floor...People will NOTICE!»

Yes, they probably will!

She giggled again, obviously a bit out of her depth, but equally obviously needing the money.

«How long would you stop me from going to the lavatory?»

«That depends what we agree on. At least the two hours after two pints of course but, if we then choose to make another deal beyond that you mustn't go to the lavatory until ten o-clock in the morning. Also, if you have a wee in your knickers you must drink another couple of pints».

«Oh my goodness... All that drink and no chance to go to the lavatory... What about when we're in bed? ... I can't go without a wee all night after all that drink!»

«Same deal. Hold yourself or have a wee in your bed.» She hesitated for a while, obviously torn between being nervous of the mess she would have to make, and needing the money. Finally she hesitantly accepted the idea and suggested a price which was high, but not outrageous... Not as outrageous as what I was asking her to do, another sign that she was new to the game.

We walked on to the pub, Mary (We'd swapped names by now, of course) a bit quiet, obviously struggling to hold herself and nervous knowing that she would have to have a wee in her knickers in the pub. We settled in a quiet alcove with a pint apiece, and I slipped my arm around her. She snuggled up to me and I fondled her tits for a while. This met with no objection, so I slid my other hand up her skirt, right up to the top of her knickers. She smiled at me and we kissed a few times, then I slid my hand down inside her knickers. As it reached the bottom of her bare belly I couldn't resist giving her rapidly filling bladder a firm squeeze, making her gasp and squirm as she had to hold her wee even more tightly ... Mary tensed for a moment as I slid my hand still further down inside her knickers, then relaxed and giggled. She opened her legs and let me rub her pussy with a gentle circling movement.

For the next half-hour or so we alternated between drinking and fondling. Every few minutes I felt a quick, warm spurt in my hand as Mary started to wee in her knickers. She said, confidingly,

«You know you asked me whether I wanted to have a wee badly?»

«Yes.» She giggled as I fondled her pussy and said,

«Well... I certainly do now!»

«Is it hurting you?»

«Not exactly hurting.»

«What do you feel?»

«It's hard to describe. A sort of sharp sensation just above... where I wee from. I think it's right on the muscle I hold my wee in with.» I fetched in re-fills and we carried on as before, Mary gradually getting more restless. I said,

«Do you feel a pressure around your belly?»

«A bit... I can feel it's sort of full and stretched. That's not too bad though, it's that sharp feeling down below. It's getting stronger by the minute. I can't really describe it, it's not exactly a pain, an itch or anything like that, it's just an urge, a sharp 'Must have a wee' sort of feeling.»Halfway through our second pints she squirmed on her seat and said,

«I'm absolutely DESPERATE to go to the lavatory now... That feeling around the muscle down there is really urgent now... I can feel the muscle sort of flinching away from it, trying to relax and let my wee go. I'm really having to fight to stop it letting go. I don't think I can hold myself if you still touch me... Down there...» Needless to say I continued fondling her pussy! Mary suddenly gasped. I could feel the wee trickling out of her again but this time she couldn't stop it. She was squirming on her seat as she struggled to stop herself from really having a wee. She couldn't, it gradually ran faster! After a few seconds she said, urgently,

«Ooh, quick... Can I pull my skirt up?»

«No, keep it under you.» Mary squirmed on her seat again as she really started to have a wee. She had no hope of stopping it. With my hand inside her knickers, right under the outlet of her bladder, I could feel it squirting out of her in a wide, powerful stream, just as if she was going to the lavatory. She was clenching her thighs together, desperately struggling to stop her wee but this time it made no difference.

«Oh, NO... I can't stop it!.. I'm going to do it ALL!» And do it all she certainly did... Over my hand, in her knickers, soaking into her skirt, splashing noisily onto the floor in a growing puddle. I cuddled her while she carried on having a wee in her knickers then, when it finally slowed and stopped said,

«Do you want to go home now?»

«You said if I had a wee I have to drink another two pints.»

«Do you feel up to it?»

«Alright but it had best be shandy or I'll be legless!» True to her word, Mary drank two pints of shandy then said,

«I think we'd better go now, I'm already starting to want to have a wee again.»

«Do you want to borrow my coat to hide the damage.»

«That's very nice of you but no thanks. I want to see it through now.»

It was only a short walk to Mary's flat, where I helped her to undress, had a long, lingering look at her pussy, knowing that she wanted to have a wee, then we took a shower together ready for bed. Mary said she wanted to have a wee really badly now and asked if she could do it in the shower but I said,

«No, hold yourself.»

We dried off and slipped into bed, Mary dying to go to the lavatory. As we cuddled was was squirming uncomfortably in my arms. I slid my hands down to her bum and felt it quivering as she struggled to hold her wee. After about a half hour she said,

«I MUST have a wee, I can't hold myself any longer, I'll have to do it all in the bed!»

I got her to squat astride my legs, and admired her pussy again as she sat there, still struggling to hold herself. About a minute later I saw a quick jet of wee squirt out of her, making a damp patch in the bed before she managed to stop it.

«It's alright, Mary. Don't fight it any more, just let yourself have a wee.» It was a real joy to see the relief on her face as she let it all go, and watch the great hot stream of wee squirting out of her for ages, making a wide, steaming puddle in the bed.

Next morning I watched Mary go to the lavatory for another much-needed wee, then we had a hearty chat about the future. It turned out she used to have a partner and they bought this flat together but he suddenly tired of her and left. The mortgage was in joint names, he was nowhere to be found and the mortgage company didn't care WHO paid so long as they got their money.

As I thought, Mary was not, by nature, a tart, just a nice girl with no particular skills the commercial world needed so forced into a desperate financial situation. We soon decided we got on well enough for me to move in and take care of the finances, Mary greatly relieved to give up her new 'profession' before it even got started! I was surprised how quickly Mary adjusted to the new situation. She soon found that watersports could be exciting for her as well as me

I suppose the corny fairy stories would end «And they all lived happily ever after» Not a bad description come to think of it!

