Blue Light Special

3rd February 2008, 08:10 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Cheryl strolled patiently down the laundry detergent aisle, perusing the shelves, and smiled as she finally spotted the Febreeze. This would definitely be necessary after the past few days.

She had worn her long black skirt, sandals, and a light blue v-neck blouse that showed just enough cleavage to tease anyone who was looking. Her skirts had become a usual part of her wardrobe lately and would be as often as possible from now on. Her mind kept returning to the day out at the mall with Kiki and she could not hold back a smile.

When Cheryl pulled into the K-Mart parking lot this morning, she knew she wasn't going shopping simply to pick up some groceries. She had guzzled down two bottles of water before leaving and the pressure in her bladder was beginning to become a bother. The detergent aisle was very busy, so she knew she could not get away with wetting herself yet. The tile floors would show wetness right away and the last thing she wanted to do was attract attention.

After tossing several bottles of Febreeze into her buggy, Cheryl turned the corner and stared curiously at the women's clothing section. Throughout the entire department, the tile floor had been replaced with dark brown carpeting. Her smile widened as she rushed the buggy down the aisle and parked it next to a rack of nightgowns and pajama bottoms.

There were a few other women looking through the racks of t-shirts and shelves of jeans, but Cheryl did not care. The pressure in her bladder could not be ignored. She meandered to the other side of the pajama rack so her lower body was hidden by the thick display of clothes.

«I think I'll just pee right here.» With a smile, she parted her thighs and let go. Immediately, her panties became hot and wet as her pee saturated them and crawled quietly down her thighs. She thought she could hear a delicate hissing sound, but she did not care and spread her legs farther to let loose completely. The hissing increased and she had to bite her lip to keep from moaning. Clear rivulets of pee passed down her thighs, fell silently into her shoes and from her ankles to the floor. Unable to resist, Cheryl pushed a little and felt her pee spray forcefully against her panties and this time she could not stifle a gasp.

Cheryl quickly cut off the flow as a lady near her turned to place a pair of jeans into her buggy and strolled over to look at the pajamas. She was going to have to move the party somewhere else. Cheryl grabbed one of the long nightgowns off of the rack and draped it over the edge of her buggy. She spotted the changing rooms and the memory of yesterday's journey to the mall came rushing back.

It was a self-serve changing room, so Cheryl snuck back into the women's section and chose #3. Unfortunately, there was a considerable space between the floor and the bottom of the door and the carpet was a tan color that would probably show wetness instantly. She opened the door and smiled at the long bench that stretched across the wall to her left. A thick black cushion that looked as if it could soak up the water in a swimming pool covered the top of it. Perfect.

Cheryl quickly slipped her panties down her legs, lifted her skirt, and rested her bottom on the soft cushion. She would have to do this quick, get out of the dressing room, and check out as swiftly as possible. She spread her legs a little and right away felt the cushion beneath her become enveloped with lovely hot wetness that made her gasp. «Oh, my…,» she moaned. She totally let loose and licked her lips as her pee sprayed freely and forcefully into the cushion, surrounding her bottom and vagina with warmth and wetness. «Mmm, God this feels so great. Oh…mmm.» She rocked back and forth gently, feeling the damp fabric of the cushion as it rubbed her clitoris. As the rest of her pee continued to pour out, Cheryl bit her lip to keep from screaming as she climaxed and slumped against the changing room wall, smiling.

After catching her breath, Cheryl quickly collected herself, pulled her panties back up, and rushed out of the changing room to finish her shopping.

