University daze (A story idea I'm considering)

22nd September 2005, 04:18 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Are more detailed introductions better? Here's a story idea that I'm tinkering with and I wonder if the details make the story better or if shorter and quicker stories are better, since this isn't really anything like a "romance" it's more of the outlandish "porn" style. Please give me feedback. Should I make the girls "naughty pissers"? Include some wild college parties with watersports? Some wetting? Some of both? I'm definitely not into scat but I'm open to ideas

###

UNIVERSITY DAZE

I found myself almost intimidated by all the excitement around me. People seemed to be crowded everywhere talking excitedly. This wasn't only my first experience of living on my own it was also my first day on a University campus. I'd dreamed of attending a big University back when I was in High School and now my dreams were coming true.

There were a lot of beautiful girls in my High School but there seemed to be thousands here. Perhaps even more girls than guys. Somehow in High School I hadn't really seemed to fit in, but this was a big wonderfully different world where nobody knew me yet and might think that I was a cool guy.

I made my way past a large fountain in one of the central Quads of the huge beautiful sprawling campus. Huge trees lined the edges of the Quad and behind them lay various large gothic looking brick buildings. Some even had gargoyles perched menacingly over entrances and in strategic locations high over the corners of the buildings. I could imagine the cool spooky atmosphere of the place at night.One of the buildings stretched out onto the Quad and seemed to be overflowing with people. It was the biggest building around and I quickly recognized it as the University Student Union.

The only thing I'd had to eat all day had been a bagel and a bowl of cereal I'd picked up at the dining hall next to my dormitory building. So I eagerly made my way towards a parklike area of the Student Union under some trees where I could see people seated at tables eating food. Some glass doors behind the outside eating area opened in on "The Eatery", a cafeteria style dining area with a fantastic selection of different food counters and a large comfortable indoor dining area with booths and tables.

It was much quieter inside and a bit of a relief. I purchased a large sandwich and sat down at a booth where I was finally able to relax and check out some of the girls. One girl in particular caught my eye. She was slender with long brown braided hair and wore a light silky blouse and a short pleated skirt and long white socks. She was seated by herself at a table a good distance from myself but glanced nervously at me a couple of times. So I tried not to stare and to keep my gaze a casual one. A group of her friends, all girls, sat down around her at the table. She must have been waiting for them.

"Is this seat taken?"

A blonde girl I saw out of the corner of my eye startled me slightly. "Oh no... uh you can sit there if you want to.." I glanced at her then back at the cute girl with friends.

A tall long haired guy approached from behind the cute girl... then he seemed to notice me. I looked away then back again and I could swear that he was glaring at me. Then all of the girls turned around and looked at me hard!

"I think she already has a boyfriend.."

I choked on a piece of my sandwich and had to scramble for some water. I could feel my face becoming flushed and I nervously ventured a look at the girl that I now realized was sitting next to me in the booth. She had straight medium length dirty blonde hair, and I suddenly realized, not as slim as the girl I had been eyeing. Bigger hips, well developed breasts... she was beautiful.

"Whatchur name?" she smiled mischeviously.

"Umm.. uh, Mark."

"Good to meet you Mark. I'm Samantha."

She held out a hand which I akwardly shook. Her hand was soft and warm.

"Samantha! Can we join you?" A cheerful rosy cheeked brunette with a french braid and wearing a modest dress asked.

Standing next too her was another brunette with long straight hair dressed in a t-shirt and jeans.

"Sure, sit right down." Samantha nodded then turned to me. "Mark, this is Vicky and Steph."

They said hi to me and Vicky, the one in the dress, explained that she had just arrived at the campus.

"So what do you think of the campus?" Samantha asked.

"It beautiful!" Vicky gushed. "And it's good to be away from home... Things were sort of getting weird.. at home."

"What do you mean?" Samantha looked at her with interest.

"Oh it's my moms new boyfriend.. He's sort of into B&D you know..."

"Wha..?" Samantha made a strange face.

"Yeah.." Vicky sighed "Last week he brought this women home with him and announced that she was going to be his slave. We didn't really know what he meant ...but then she's standing there, you know looking kind of scared and nervous, and suddenly he just walks over to her... then he reaches right down and unzips her pants. And I mean this is like right in the middle fo the livingroom!" Vicky's eyes widdened "Next thing you know he's pulling her pants off...undressing her... and then he.."

Vicky gave me a nervous look. "Then he.. he pulls out his cock and he has this huge hard on.. and right in the middle of the livingroom he starts fucking her... HARD!"

Vicky paused for a few seconds. "Then his friends started stopping by and taking turns with her. And they all had these HUGE COCKS!" ... "And then one day when I was alone in my room.." Vicky smirked then caught herself.

"Cut it out. Cut it out Vicky!" Samantha rolled her eyes. "Yeah right, your mom's "boyfriend". Since when did your parents get divorced, or become swingers?"

"Had you going there for a minute." Vicky grinned then looked at me and burst into laughter.

