A short sweet wet fantasy dream from lil ol me~!

4th September 2012, 03:50 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

I giggled as I quietly crept into the house, closing the door as quietly as possible. Inside I took my shoes off, and put my handbag down on the dining room table before slowly climbing the stairs, missing the creaky ones, and along the hall to your room. You were not expecting me, as I had been on a GNO (Girls Night Out) and you knew these usually ran very late. I giggled again and shushed myself as I corrected that statement, after all it was actually EARLY - in the morning, that is.

I had had a GREAT night out, and although I was tipsy for sure I was not too drunk. For at least the last two hours I had been drinking water, giving my body a break from the early evening tequila shots and Jagermeisters. I had REALLY enjoyed the evening with my girl friends. We had taken the bar by storm, all dressed in low cut tops and sexy clothes, and representing most male fantasies, being a redhead a blonde and a brunette all with different body types, from athletic to mid to my curvy-ness and generous bouncy breasts.

I smiled as I remember us kissing each other to tease the boys, the taste of strawberry gloss, minty breath, soft tongues... mmmm, man was I horny~! And boy oh boy could I feel that water I had been drinking pressing on my lil old bladder. My hand reached down and I unzipped my tight skinny black jeans and my hand rubbed my distended bladder through my rounded abdomen, and I groaned softly as I struggled desperately, my hand going between my tightly clamped thighs to prevent and dibbles escaping. Once I had control I breathed in and out sharply and then unbuttoned my lacy blouse and unclipped my sexy golden half cup bra. My breasts bounced free, and my hands instinctively cupped them, my thumbs circling hard rosy nipples and sending ripples of desire through my body~! I sighed, biting my lip, as my hands snaked down to the soft velvety red curls and a fingertip slide into the cute cleft and found hot slick wetness.

I popped the wet tip of my finger into my mouth and enjoyed my sweet musky tangy taste. I creep closer and love how you look as you sleep. Thankfully you are lying on your back and have thrown the covers almost off completely already, so I gently tug the crumpled sheet and duvet off, lost in lust at the nakedness of your gorgeous body, shadowy brown against the crisp white sheets. I notice you are half hard and smile naughtily to myself. I creep up between your splayed legs and nuzzle my warm soft lips against your inner thigh, along the crease at the top, allowing my wet tongue to just just touch your skin, then blowing softly on the wet skin afterwards. Your body moves in response and I swallow another giggle of delight.

I continue my path all the way up to your neck and you move against me half awake, eyes opening a mere slit before closing again as I move down and tug at your nipple on the way back down. I slowly tongue the fine line behind your balls all the way down then up again, wet kissing and partly sucking each ball before I let my hands softly hold your hardening cock as softly as one would cradle a baby bird. My long red curly hair tickles your thigh as my tongue tip touches your sensitive eye, then traces down, making you harden and buck in my hands.

Hard as rock in seconds, I note, pleased with myself, as I trace the veins I see throbbing along your shaft. I move up and angle my head so I can take just the tip of your head into my hollowed out hot wet mouth, my tongue playing with your sensitive hole. Then out I let you slip, before lowering my head expertly and swallowing you whole in one practised movement. You slide into my mouth and I feel almost like I cannot breathe, then I open my throat as air finds a passage via my upturned freckly nose, and you slide deep into my throat. As I moan loudly, my mouth full of you, and slowly slide my mouth up your length again your eyes fly open. Confusion is quickly replaced by recognition and that immediately by lust as your lips curve in a smile and your hands reach out for me.

I move up, my ivory skin pressing against yours all the way, as your lips find my breasts. I sigh loudly now, moaning as your tongue teases my nipple and each movement sends ripples of pleasure ripping through my tummy. I manoeuvre myself, using my hands to assist in the darkness, so that my rounded soft mound presses against your hardness, and your hardness lies vertically pressed along your lower abdomen.

I move side to side until my generous nether lips part slightly and you gasp my you feel my hot wetness. I press down onto you, masturbating my swollen clit against your hardness, dripping musky juices onto you as I lay my whole body down so every inch of me touches you. As my lips part yours and my tongue dances slowly with yours, you feel me lift my body slightly, feel my belly muscles move, and feel a small hot wet squirt against your hardness, running down your balls and the crack of your bum. You groan into my mouth as our kiss deepens and I feel your cock harden more and stir against me, sending quivery shivery electric pulses through my body.

I kiss you deeply and catch your eyes as I allow another longer squirt out, feeling it pool underneath your cock, on the hollow below your belly and above your groin. You moan again and I push my pussy down harder onto your cock, bathing my pussy curls in my own warm piss as I press my wet core against you and press your hardness against your own tummy. I rub up and down, enjoying the feel of my own warm wet piss and your hard cock rubbing my clit.

I lay down against you every part of me pressing on you, and push hard on my tummy , the angle making it harder to release my hot squirts, but I manage, and you rub against me this time, making the little pool of pee you had in your little hollow, also spill over, making us both moan and move in sync against each other. I lie against you tightly, panting, loving this, loving that I can draw it out SO long.

Then I lift up onto my arms, and you suckle a nipple, biting hard, making me squirm and cry out, before sucking softly at the tiny bit of blood your teeth elicited from my snowy white breast. I lift up and allow a slow warm trickle to engulf us both before lowering onto you and slide up and along your hard shaft as I concentrate on allowing that trickle to continue along your body. You bite harder and I squeal and a huge gushy squirt is released. Your mouth releases my red swollen nipple with a wet plop, as you groan, and your hard aching cock tried to find a way INTO me. I laugh and lie down, moving my hips, masturbating you, and myself as I rub up and down along you.

Once again I lift up and this time I let out a longer stream as you writhe and groan loudly and I hear you say "fuck, oh fuccckkk" almost beneath your breath. I slowly rub up and down trickling warm wetness as I do, feeling your cock so hard, bucking against me with each slight movement I make. I sense how close you are, how much you need to cum, but I slowly tantalise you a while longer, sliding along you, wetting you slowly, rising up so you can take your frustrations out on my breasts, my neck, so you can slide your tongue deep into my welcoming mouth.

Your eyes are desperate with the need to cum, and I slowly lift up and back, lifting up on my haunches so even as the last of my bladder releases I slide down onto you, impaling myself on you, with abandon and lust, lost in this feeling. I slide up and down, leaning backwards as I do so you slide in so deep it almost hurts. You lie back and watch me fuck you, the tip of your tongue protruding, your eyes glazed, until your hands grab my hips and you thrust yourself wildly in and out of me as you help regulate the rhythm with which my hips slide me up and down your hardness. The movements grow more frenzied and I throw my head back as you fuck me hard and deep, losing control as I find myself floating close to orgasm.

Suddenly you slide me off you, onto my back, flipping my legs over your neck, as you thrust back into me faster and faster, watching your cock go into me and come out wet and red and then disappear again. your hands knead my supple breasts as I urge you to fuck me harder, fuck me, fuck me, to never stop fucking me...and you grunt back, unable to speak.

Suddenly I feel you thicken and jump inside me, the feel of your hot cum splashing into me and I make a weird primeval sound, lost in my impending orgasm, shaking, quivering beneath you, our skin shiny from sweat, the room smelling of my golden pee, of sex, of US. You make soft squishy wets sounds as you pound into me harder and harder and faster and faster.

As my hands grip the sheet on the mattress, bunching it up, as I feel the squishy wetness underneath me, and I let myself go, shaking and sighing as I cum hard. As I finish, shakily, you bellow loudly and collapse against me, putting my legs down, but staying inside me. As your head nestles on my chest, and you hear my own wildly beating heart, you grunt and I feel you fill me with warm wetness.

I moan and move may hips beneath you as I feel your piss slide out and pool underneath me. your softening cock slips out and your hands go down as you lift up and pee onto my clit, making me moan and groan and shake my head from side to side. You spray my breasts with hot wet pee and I rub it over my skin, before you move down and fill my core until it overflow back onto you.

As your stream weakens and my second orgasm ends, you find renewed strength and lift up, slapping my butt, before lying down - on the DRY side I note with a smile, and pull me against you so my head is on your chest. As I smile wondrously up at you, you quickly drift back to sleep, and as I feel sleep tugging at my brain, I smile, and thank the whole universe that in its sheer vastness, I found YOU~!.

