Marsha, the Sexy Little Tramp, Chap 1

6th August 2009, 06:05 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Marsha's a Little Tramp

This story is a rewrite with a lot added to the original. A reader originally wrote to the forum of a magazine that frequently dealt with kinky issues and wanted to discuss another lady that was employed with her at the bank.

She writes:

Some of your articles have recently been dealing with some of the things that happen in ladies panties. I'm, to say the least, not immune to this and sometimes I also will arrive home from shopping or a night out with yellowed panties. Really, though, I'm writing to tell you about my friend Marsha who works with me at the bank. Marsha is thirty-one and quite an attractive red head. She has those nice, sexy curves that every girl wants. I have to admit, I find myself admiring her beautiful bottom while she walks through the office, in a tight skirt. I also know, now at least, that just like me, she sometimes wets her pants. When she does wet, she usually won't give it a second thought.

I guess I realized that her toilet habits were odd when, one day we both went to use the potty at the same time. She hurriedly entered the stall but didn't bother closing the door, wanting to continue our conversation. While I did my makeup at the sink, I was watching her in the mirror. She pulled her dress aside while still talking and didn't bother peeling down her pantyhose or what I'm sure were light colored panties. I heard tinkling. A second later, she finished and without wiping, just dropped her dress and walked over to join me at the counter. She had to be conscious of her wet under things because of the way she stood with her legs somewhat spread while applying her lip gloss. I was surprised that she would so flagrantly pee in her panties and hose right in front of me. I said nothing, while we both clicked our heels on the marble floors, walking and talking as we made our way back to the teller stations.

I remained curious for the rest of the day, never missing an opportunity to check out the seat of her dress and wondering what was going on under it. A light dampness was centered over her butt, suggesting at least, that her under things were not crotch-less. My mind raced around the fact, that Marsha might be regularly wetting herself. But, why was she doing it? It was a couple of weeks later, and a couple of similar episodes before I was to find out what she was really up to.

We were becoming better friends and started confiding our likes and secrets to one another. We were at a local bar and grill for cocktails one evening after work when I learned more. After a short conversation about some gossip from work and an affair another lady was having with one of the managers, I noticed her gaze begin to wander. I asked what she was doing and I finally said, «a penny for your thoughts».

She kind of whispered something I couldn't understand and when I asked again, she calmly replied, «I had to pee a bit, that's all».

I tried not to give anything away, but could barely catch my breath when I asked, «Honestly, were you really just sitting there wetting in your pants»?

«Why», she said, «I thought you knew that I sometimes can't wait. Besides it's ok, you see, today at least, I decided to wear my protective panty. It's a new style of panty that helps hide my wetting accidents and I'm afraid I'm getting used to wearing it. Usually if I'm planning on doing something after work I'll carry a pair with me to change into. I think lots of ladies wear them, even at my age. Besides helping me with my little problem, they are a real convenience when a ladies room is not available. One disadvantage is that they fit just like regular panties and so I sometimes think I'm wearing a pair when I'm not.»

Marsha continued saying, «You won't believe what happened last week.»

«I met my old college roommate Sharon, for a shopping trip. She's pretty attractive and I wanted to dress in something that would attract just as much attention. I have this sexy blue summer dress that makes me look pretty good. Heels and stockings were the right touch and a pair of high cut control panties shaped my rear just the way I like it. The problem was that the control panties feel a lot like my protective 'undies'. I don't know what I was thinking, but during lunch I started to pee and before I caught myself I'm afraid, I soaked the seat of my dress.»

«Here I am in a nice restaurant and I'm sitting there deliberately peeing in my pants. My ass is all wet and I'm not sure how to explain what I've just done. I decide to tell Sharon that I'd had an accident. To my surprise she just says, 'So, girls wet their pants sometimes. Don't worry about it, it happens to everyone' ».

«She even convinced me to continue shopping. My panties dried slowly until she dropped me off at my place later that evening. I couldn't help but examine myself in front of my bedroom mirror. A rather large dried yellow stain was still obvious on the seat of my dress. It must have been especially obvious while we were at the mall.»

This wetting thing was starting to really excite me.

If there is any interest, I'll tell more.

