Wet Panties Spotted Her Skirt

19th December 2005, 06:52 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

How many have seen a wet circle on the back of a ladies skirt? Several of you have referred to this because you knew someone that had wet her panties and then neglected to pull her skirt out from under herself when she sat down.

Some years ago I worked in receiving at a really large grocery store. My desk was just inside a hallway near the end of the first store isle. All the customers had to walk down the isle after entering the store and make a turn away from where I sat. Literally thousands of women shopped the store especially on the first of the month. I usually spent a large part of these days checking out these women's butts as they turned away from my desk. It was an exciting hobby.

One morning about 11 am I really got a shock. A lady in a dirty, yellow tight fitting skirt and white blouse walked past me with two small children in tow. She looked kind of sexy pushing her grocery cart because she wore heels that made her legs look especially long. A sweater was draped over her shoulders. Her curly hair and glasses just added to her sexy mannerism especially when I noticed a plate size stain that was centered at the base of her butt. There was no doubt as to its source and the sight of her just took my breath away.

When my composure was restored I grabbed my clipboard and followed her down the next Isle in the pretense of checking the stock. Unfortunately, I couldn't tear my eyes away from her wet ass and almost could not catch my breath. I had to return to my desk.

Several times I was able to get up and check her out. She spent nearly an hour in the store. The lines were really long at the check out so I spent a bunch of time watching her as she stood in line. There was no doubt that she had wet her pants, but I just wasn't sure of how it happened. Her skirt was tight enough that you could see that she was wearing full cut briefs. The panty lines were quite obvious and could even have been control briefs. She didn't seem the least bit concerned and was very casual as she shopped or stood in line. If I had to guess I would say that her wetting was no big deal to her.

Now this lady had purchased a lot of groceries and box boys were assigned to wheel her cart out to the loading area. I watched as she put her purse over her shoulder and taking each of the children by the hand walked out to the parking area. It was so interesting that as they walked out it was the mother that wet her pants and not one of the kids. When she returned with her car, she had to stop, get out and open the trunk. It was then that I realized what had happened.

I got a real eye full as she opened the car door and swung her heeled feet out. Her skirt had ridden up her legs and I saw her glance down at herself as if she were checking the evidence. I was too far away to see much except that her panties were beige in color. Next, she almost casually pulled her skirt firmly down to her knees and in the next motion stood to walk to the rear of the car. She needed to open the trunk so that the box boys could load her groceries. Bending over, she inserted the key and sprung the trunk lid. It was also obvious that she had wet herself while driving earlier and had not been the least bit embarrassed about stopping to shop for her groceries.

I often wondered if she was somewhat comforted by the wetness between her legs as she shopped.

Has anyone ever seen a lady that was so unconcerned with wetting herself?

