Her in Summer

26th August 2011, 10:51 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

Her name is not important. Imagine her as you will.

But no. More delicate than that.

More awkward too in a silky red dress and black stockings and lightly scuffed heels.

I sit by her side at the bar, chat as she drinks and flirts and captures me in those beautiful hungry eyes.

I can tell as it begins. Know as she ignores the urges, crossing her smooth stockinged legs. Feel her shyness as she controls herself. See her rubbing her thighs, thinking … not yet, not yet, not yet ... smiling and talking as she shifts in her seat, putting it all out of her mind.

She will have to speak up, to shyly excuse herself. She can hold it only for so long. With a tremor in her voice, she rises, feigning nonchalance but fighting desperately for control. Struggling for those few dignified steps down the hall.

I want to follow her. To touch her. To run my hands over her firm, full belly, across her warm breasts, between her legs as she squeezes herself shut. To hold her in my hand while she controls her urges, feeling each contraction, each effort, each shiver, each breath.

I will undress her as she dances just feet from relief. Lift that red dress, pull at smooth stockings, push under black lace panties and roll them over her soft cream thighs. Put my face in the warm, wet place, feeling the heat on my cheeks, touching her delicate lips with my lips, smelling her sweet fragrance as she trembles and holds it for me.

I sense she knows it is coming, feel her body tense with effort. I pinch the hot stream between my fingers, powerful and unstoppable, hissing loudly into the water. It continues and I touch above, teasing her while she finishes, exhausted from the effort, but glowing with release.

She is as full of desire as I, now. Her hands wander with purpose. But we must wait … wait for later, in my room, in my bed, in my time. And besides, I kind of need to use the toilet.

