Roommates 15: Heading Home

24th October 2016, 07:57 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Denise felt like a new woman after her and Starla finished their afternoon at the spa, and not just because of the hot tub, the massages and the facials, but because of her new brazen attitude towards wetting herself without caring. After peeing during her massage and soaking her chair and floor during her facial, combined with pissing herself at the movie theater and on a train in front of a mother and daughter, there was no turning back. Emboldened by Starla's own shameless wettings, Denise was looking forward to what the rest of their time together as roomates might look like.

She didn't have to wait long. As soon as they sat in Starla's car, Starla smiled and adjusted her skirt. Denise could hear a soft hissing. She looked down and saw a small stream dribbling through the gusset of Starla's flowery panties. "Sorry," Starla said. Denise laughed, as if any apology was needed. "Wanted to pee before we left." A puddle was forming on the seat cover, making a burbling sound. Starla reached down and slid her panties aside and let out a moan as the stream grew and splashed loudly into the puddle. "Ohh, it's getting my skirt wet." She sounded more aroused than bothered by this. "Ohh, I don't care." Her flow finally weakened to a tinkling dribble and Starla put her keys in the ignition and started the car. She didn't make any effort to clean the puddle, but instead sat up and pulled her skirt back down, no doubt enjoying the warmth as it soaked into her skirt. Starla smiled and put the car in reverse.

Ten minutes on the road and Denise was feeling her bladder fill again. She held it, though, as Starla started talking. "So, tell me your hottest pee fantasy."

Denise coughed. "Well...I'm kind of new to this thing, so..."

"Give it a shot."

"I guess I would like to live somewhere where I could pee anytime and anywhere and not have to worry about a mess or being embarrassed."

"Yessss!" Starla said. "Like be a rich girl and have servants who clean up after you."

"Yeah. So I could wake up, let it all go in my bed and make a huge mess on my mattress and not have to worry about it. Or I just walk around my house and pee whenever I feel like it, soaking the carpet, my couch, my bathroom and kitchen floor, and someone would come up and clean everything."

"And," Starla said, "like when you're out in public and you just let it go in your pants and no one says anything. It's like they don't notice or they don't care."

"Yeah," Denise said, squirming. She sat up to adjust her skirt and Starla smiled.

"Well, my fantasy is to have a pee party. Like a house full of people who are into peeing, to not have to worry about the mess, and just let loose wherever and whenever, on furniture, on the carpets, on each other." Denise blushed, but not because she was embarrassed. She was imagining a party where she and some other girls and guys are walking around their apartment, fully nude, peeing anywhere they felt the need. She pictured herself kneeling on the carpet, a dribble of pee escaping to the floor, as a hot brunette guy empties his own bladder all over her chest. She had seen it in videos, but never in real life. She was also blushing because the pressure was becoming too much

Denise reached under her skirt and slid her panties off, dropping them into the floor. She grinned at Starla as she parted her legs a little and rested her arms at her sides. It only took a few seconds for a tiny dribble to tickle her slit and then grow to a trickle. Denise sighed and the trickle grew to a hiss as a steady stream splashed messily from her, sprayed her thighs and pooled between her legs. Like Starla, she relished in the warm feel of her pee as it soaked her bottom. It was over soon, though, but she wasn't finished. Denise reached down and touched her labia gently, rubbing her wet fingers against her clitoris. It only took a few soft strokes before she was moaning and moving her hips to meet her hand. She sighed and slumped into her seat, smiling widely.

"Damn, girl," Starla said. "My story get you hot?" she asked. Denise nodded. "We're going to have to get you to a pee party, then." She chuckled.

When they got home, Starla unlocked the door to the apartment. As soon as they crossed the threshold, Starla stood still and sighed, emptying her bladder into her panties and all over the tile floor. Denise watched her as Starla shut the door with her back and leaned against it. She pulled her panties aside and sprayed a messy stream in front of her, then stroked her slit, splashing warm pee all over her fingers. She thrust a few fingers inside her vagina and cried out as she climaxed, still squirting a soft flow of pee as she did. Her knees must have weakened because she sat down, ignoring the warm puddle under her.

"Yeah," Starla said, "we're gonna find a pee party."

