Reality Pee Party - October

1st November 2010, 01:17 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Since the summer "reality" pee parties turned out to be bummers, my husband Josh and I decided it was up to the two of us to get things moving again and interject some interest and life back into the parties.

We began my issuing a mailer several days after the last party. We are pretty carefull with these invitations which we mail out to those in our small group who are interested in Watersports. The notices are purposly devoid of any specific information. This is all on purpose incase they accidently get left on the kitchen counter or are read by anyone else besides out close friends. On one or more occasion we have been told by friends their kids have read them. In another case the wives mother read it by mistake. All the invitation says is: Sports Party October 23rd, 2010, Call Emily and Josh for details. Certainly nobody would be offended or embarrased to have meembers of their church read these!

Within two days of mailing the invitations out Josh and I began to get calls inquiring about the details. We told everyone who called we were hosting the party, the time of the party and the address of our home. Since Josh and I are nudists we decided the two of us would be nude for the entire evening. We told all the invitees they were free to wear as much or as little as they might choose. We did not want anyone to be uncomfortable in any way. Before the week had passed we had commitments from six other couples that they would attend. Everyone was asked to bring some specific food to share with everyone else, this in addition to the usual items everyone brings to any pee party - a complete change of clothing, towels, shampoo, soap, toothpaste, hair drier and anything else they choose to make the party more enjoyable for themselves.

Josh and I spent the week before the party, buying food and drinks, and getting ready in general. We also bought a small plastic wading pool and a roll if visqueen plastic. Our home ahd a swimming pool and hottub and the yard is quite private but since we were unsure of the weather we decided most peeing would be done in the attached garage - mostly because we could simply hose the floor when the party was over.

Josh and I began drinking water and lots of Gatoraid as soon as we got in from work on Friday night. During the nighe i had to get up three times to pee, by Saturday afternoon Josh and I were peeing almost every 45 minutes.

We began greeting guests shorty after 7:00 PM. Even tho told so in advance instant momentary shock registered on their faces as Josh and I opened the door to greet them 100% naked! One other couple (Bill and Mary - in their mid 50's headed for the bedroom and disrobed immediately on arrival. They tell everyone they are not nudists but when alone they usually dont bother to dress. Id call them home nudists. Everyone else remained dressed. Most everyone was attired in sweats which appears to be the prefered clothing for a pee party. Our close friend Marylin of course was rather dressed up as usual. Skirt, stockings, dress shoes and a white silk blouse (braless of course).

A rather lively conversation took place almost immediately. Withing 40 minutes of arrival a couple of people indicated it was near time for them to pee. Everyone had their own specific ideas of who would pair up with whom and who would pee first. Since Josh and I were hosts everyone asked what we wanted to do, but as hosts we felt we should let the guests decode everything. Shauna's husband chose for her to pee her sweats while standing in the plastic pool. Secretly I think he was anxious to get her out of her sweats so he could show her off, Shauna and Sean and in their early 30's. After peeing her sweats Shauna left them on for about 15 minutes and then decided she was uncomfortable. She removed them but left the long sweat shirt on.

Marilyn availed herself to anyone looking for someone to pee on. As usual she wore her clothing most of evening. Todd and Lexie did their usual mouth pee with each other to the delight of everyone. Chelsea's husband asked her to straddle him and pee on his penis. He got naked and she too off her sweat bottoms. He soaked her sweatshirt right after so that came off right away too. Bridgit decided to hold her pee in a contest with her husband. He lost and chose one of the other wives to aim him at Bridigit whose sweat pants showed a small wetspot by now. We decided it was time to go skinnysipping in the pool but before we went out to the pool I jumped in the pool for a shower from everyoen else, Most had already peed and i really did not get drenched as I like but it was fun anyway. Josh and I showed everyone what he likes best - for me to straddle his face and let go.

We swam, and ate dinner then returned inside. Some guests had partially relieved themselves already in order to have a full bladder when we returned inside. Our evening of fun continued, we watched movies, socalized and when necessary peed. I finally got drenched when I laied down in the plastic pool which already had nearly a half inch of liquid in the bottom. We did the pee swap (attempting to drink a full load form your partner, then return it to them next time). The party ended about 1 AM after we finished a couple fo Pizza's we sent out for. I know someone is going to ask this: I put on my long Cleveland Browns tee shirt which covers to my knees before I answered the door.

Everyone agreed this party was deffinetely more interesting than the past few summer parties. Our next party will be after Thanksgiving. We ahve not decided where yet but Josh and I kept the plastic wading pool and leftover visqueen just in case.

Note: Even tho this a factual report of the party all names have been changed for obvious reasons.

Take care, Emily and Josh

