The Apprentice Pisser: Wet Knickers, Wet Sex

23rd March 2011, 06:46 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

The Apprentice Pisser: Wet Knickers, Wet Sex (Ep2 Pt 4)

Hello again. This story features consensual wet sex. That's not normally a pee fave of mine, so I hope I've managed to write it well.

Your feedback is always appreciated!

The Apprentice Pisser contestants have just finished a holding contest, and remain in their wet garments. The second part of the contest, to check who had managed to wet their knickers the most, is scheduled next. Now read on...

"Okay" said Collette as the show returned from the commercial break, "now we need to see how much you wet"

"Should we take off our knickers and put them on the table?" asked Tori

"No, it'll be quicker if you just leave them on. Take off your skirts or jeans, if you still have them on, please, and we'll come round to inspect. We'll start with Erica, Tori, and, Michelle"

Maggie Sharon and Sophie walked over to the girls. They couldn't help noticing how cute and sexy they looked in their pissy knickers but were determined they were going to try and remain professional

Maggie placed her hand on the rear of Erica's damp pink knickers, and began to pat against them

To her right Sophie was holding the rear of Tori's white panties between her two fingers

At the far end Sharon was examining Michelle's dark green undies

They loved the feel of the wet garments, feeling their hands get damp with fresh girl pee. Being ws fetishists all, it was becomingimpossible to remain detached and the judges may well have started out with honourable intentions but things rapidly changed.

Maggie was loving the feel of the damp panties. With her finger she began to trace round the outline of where the pee had spread to. Erica, who had found the act of wetting her knickers sexy, felt a thrill run through her body. Maggie stepped back, happy with her verdict and pleased that she'd kept her self-restraint, but Erica gently took her hand and placed it against the front of her knickers. "You'll need to check the front too" she smiled. Maggie softly and tenderly began to run her fingers over the front of the pink panties. She was caressing with a soft feather like touch but she could still feel the soft yielding flesh beneath

Sophie, meanwhile, having softly run her hands over Tori's white undies, loving the feeling of the smooth bottom beneath, had also pronounced herself satisfied. Tori was determined not to be outdone by Erica, however. Seductively she pulled forward the front waistband of her panties. Sophie gazed enraptured at her soft hairless pussy within.. "That's not fair" said Tori in a little girl voice "My panties are so much wetter on the inside"

Sophie could not kid herself she was acting from any motive other than lust, as she slipped her hand inside Tori's knickers.

Tori was right, Sophie realised, her knickers were wetter at the front. Having run her hand over the inside of the knickers, her fingers were wet and sticky.

Removing her hand, she placed two fingers in her mouth and slowly and seductively licked them clean

"I'm very sorry but I can't allow this to count towards the contest. Your knickers are soaked in gooey cum and not piss." Tori's face fell momentarily until Sophie added "Mind you, to be sure, I'm going to need to keep on checking" and placed her hand back into Tori's knickers.

Sharon could tell that all sorts of shenanigans were happening around her, but somewhat to her disappointment Michelle seemed to be taking a 'strictly business' approach.

Having snuck in a little bottom caressing and even squeezing when examining the back of Michelle's knicks, she had hoped for a reaction but there had been nothing. She was running her hands over the front of Michelle's dark green panties now. She was amazed at how wet they still were. They were also warm and...

Sharon almost pulled her hand away in shock but didn't. Looking at Michelle's look of intense concentration she could tell that she was definitely wetting herself again. "Sneaky bitch" though Sharon, wondering if she should call her for cheating. But it felt so good feeling her hand getting wet and warm from fresh girl pee, that she simply winked encouragement to Michelle and kept her hand firmly in place.

Maggie, meanwhile, was becoming less subtle, running her fingers exclusively over the camel-toed outline of Erica's young soft pussy through the thin cloth of her panties. With her other hand she reached round and firmly pulled the back of Erica's panties into the crack of her behind giving her a wedgie. "You look so sexy in a thong" she breathed as she began to gently caress the soft cheeks of Erica's backside.

Sophie, meanwhile had gently inserted two fingers into Tori's sopping wet pussy and began to tease, caress and finger fuck the young contestant to within an inch of her life. "Oh Yes!" exclaimed Tori in delight. She peeled off her sopping panties to allow Sophie easier access. Tori loved the feeling of Sophie's fingers in her tight wet hole and the two women changed position to lie on the floor. With her free hand Sophie pushed up Tori's light blue top, and finding her braless, began to squeeze her impressive boobs, before using her tongue to flick and lick at the pert cherry red nipples, making them rock hard. Electric jolts of pleasure shot through Tori.

Sharon knew Michelle couldn't have that much more piss to give, so she quickly removed her hand and moving her face in close, began to suck and lap at the thin pee soaked green panties

She could taste the hot and salty piss through the thin material, and having one of the judges lapping away at her pissy panties was clearly turning Michelle on. "Pull down my panties and drink from the source" she entreated and Sharon needed no second bidding, Sliding the saturated undies down Michelle's gorgeous legs, Sharon quickly opened her mouth and began to drink the gorgeous liquid honey Michelle was providing. The hot piss tasted great but she was only able to swallow one delicious mouthful before the stream died to a trickle.

Determined to catch whatever drops were left, Sharon began to lick Michelle's pussy. She could taste the heady mix of piss and come as she began to eat Michelle out. "Oh God Yes" shrieked Michelle. She knew only another girl could really know exactly how to please a girl, and Sharon was very experienced in the fine art of pussy licking. Her tongue probed and caressed in all the right places and with just the right sensitivity. It was no chore for Sharon either as she reveled in the heady scent of sex and the tangy taste of girl piss and juices she was receiving.

Maggie removed Erica's sopping knickers and reached for the strap-on she kept handy in her jacket pocket. She applied some lube but looking at how wet Erica's pussy was, she wasn't at all sure it was needed. Erica had begun to pleasure herself, unable to wait a second longer, but she moved her fingers aside when she saw what Maggie had planned. Maggie pressed herself slowly into Erica's waiting pussy, smiling when she heard Erica gasp.

"Fuck -- yes! Oh, god... just -- just -- more more." Erica demanded, pushing back needily onto the appendage and moaning as it filled her even more, stretching her tight walls apart as she grabbed Maggie tightly.

The couples rolled around on the floor, Tori being finger-fucked by Sophie, Maggie screwing Erica with a strap-on, and Sharon tonguing Michelle to climax.

The audience were beside themselves at this spectacle, and were screaming and hollering their approval. Audience members were jacking or jilling off, and some were about to go even further.

Rushing up to the stage, Barbara a young blonde wearing a light blue t-shirt with cute bears on, and a short white skirt, announced "this is so amazing, but I just have to go the bathroom". Slipping off her pink panties she straddled the writhing Sophie and Tori and began to piss a powerful stream all over them. Hot golden rain sprayed over the two women, and the feeling of being pissed on while Sophie's fingers massaged her clit, was enough to send Tori to orgasm, and she came in a shuddering powerful climax

Ryan, a 22 yr old college student, now took to the stage, and unzipping his jeans, removed his cock and began to spray his bladder-load over Sharon and Michelle. Michelle, caught in the moment, opened her mouth obligingly and managed to drink a couple of mouthfuls before she too climaxed. As Michelle rolled aside and Ryan's stream subsided, Sharon knelt astride Ryan, lowering her mouth onto his lengthy cock, and began to give him the blowjob of his life.

As her tongue caressed the head of his penis she could taste the last drops of his urine, and this caused her to become aware that she was now ready to piss again. Lowering herself into the 69 position ensured Ryan knew his role and he began to lick at her pussy. Almost literally within seconds Sharon was bucking and thrusting as she came in great waves. She knew she should probably warn Ryan of what was to come but what the heck, it was rude to talk with her mouthful, so raising herself slightly she unloaded her bladder onto the unsuspecting sophomore whose face was bathed in strong yellow piss. Contrary to her expectation this only seemed to delight Ryan further and moments later he came, and great gobulets of white cum filled Sharon's mouth. Feeling it was only polite after what she'd done to him, Sharon swallowed the lot.

Erica was only seconds behind them the black rubber dick filling her tightly and leading her to an explosive orgasm of pleasure. She lay on the floor exhausted which disappointed Maggie until she saw Sophie headed her way. The two girls quickly began 'tribbing', using a scissoring position to get direct pussy to pussy contact. "Are you wet enough?" asked Collette

"Oh god yes, we.." began Erica, but Maggie saw Collette unzipping her jeans and said "No, we could do with more lubrication...of the hot yellow kind" Jeans pulled down and knickers yanked off, Collette eagerly voided the content of her very full bladder onto the two women below. As the golden shower soaked their hair and streamed down their faces, they two came, not simultaneously but less than a minute apart. "Thanks Collette" panted Maggie "I'll finish you off later but for now, the show needs closing"

"So" announced Collette to camera with faux gravitas "The judging of how wet the knickers were seems to have gone terribly wrong. I'm sure you'll all have been very disappointed that it wasn't done professionally" , and she winked at the camera. "Next time we will be in the boardroom to decide who gets fired, and ensure they get a very wet send off"

To be continued

