Emily and Josh - Reality Profiles

28th December 2010, 08:35 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

This is another in my series of "reality profiles" in which I attempt to disect or at least describe in detail real people who enjoy pee play. What makes them tick? What do they do for a living? Are any aspects of their lives normal? What kind of people are they?

After my last post about a "reality pee party" a friend suggested that the next time I profile couples in our group I profile Josh and myself. During my various posts I have revealed 'snipits' about ourselves, but never a complete 'tell all' description of ourselves. Well, here goes:

Emily and Josh: I'm Emily, I was born in 1985 in Cleveland Ohio. At that time my dad was a construction worker, my mom a nurse and I had a sister two years older than I was. My Family lived in Lakewood, a suburb of Cleveland. About a year before I was born my parents, while vacatoning with another couple in Florida discovered nudism. During the summer our family often visited nudist resorts. To me being naked around the house was quite normal. The only time we wore clothing was when we had non nudist guests over and while attending school.

By the time I attended college our family had moved from Lakewood to a larger, more private home in another Cleveland suburb. My parents stopped going to nudist resorts as by this time we had a large pool and several nudist friends. Our summers were spent at home or at the homes of nudist friends.

In college I majored in nursing and found out how restrictive dorm living was as far as the so called 'dress codes' in the dorm went. In my first year of college I enjoyed my newfound freedoms as far as any curfue went. I joined a local topfree chapter and protested a womans right to breastfeed in public. I partied all night on weekends.

In my second year I discovered alcohol. To make a long story short I binged every weekend. My grades began to slip as I never attended class on Mondays. I was in a downhill spiral untill I woke up in the hospital one bright sunny morning. I didn't even know what day it was, or even where I was. I spent the next summer making up classes. I discoveredand joined Alcoholics Anonymous. I went to meetings every day. I had come to a crossroads in my life, I realized it was my decision and I was in control of my future. Whle attending a party before returning to class, I met a nerdy guy named Josh. He wasn't a drinker and was a good conversationilst. I gave him my phone number as I figured it might be handy to have a non drinking boyfriend as most guys atschool were heavy party goers (translation: drinkers).

I returned to college and moved from the dorm to a private rooming house and made new friends. I had a private room and was able to be nude most of the time. There were eight students (4 guys, 4 girls) living in the house. We had to share work around the house and expenses. The lady who owned the home had a small apartment in the back and for the most part left us alone. I lived on the third foor. There were restrooms on the second floor. Restrooms with showers were located in the basement. All restrooms were coed. It was like one big family.

My grades improved and I continued to attend AA meetings. I talked to Josh on the phone and via e-mail daily. One of my classes this year was on Sexaulity, where we discovered and learned about various fetishes and alternative lifestyles. I spoke to the class on the nudist lifestyle. I learned about all kinds of fetishes including watersports. I shared with Josh the things I learned about fetishes. I told him I was a nudist. My grades improved considerably. Josh often drove down to Columbus and we spent our weekends together. Nobody complained when he spent the night in my room. I introduced Josh to my parents.

One weekend while Josh and I were sharing a shower he got turned on majorly when he saw me peeing. Up to this moment of my life I honestly thought everyone peed in the shower as I honestly could not remember showering without peeing. Josh and I spent several hours discussing this. I told him some people get off on Golden Showers. He was all ears as I related to him everythign I learned about this so called fetish. I explained to Josh that I was no stranger to casual peeing, for years I'd just get out of the pool, go off to the side, pee and jump right back in the pool. Years ago while camping I recalled going into the woods to pee with friends. I soon discovered peeing was a major turn on for Josh. I also explained to him that for years whenever possible I would always get 100% naked before peeing if it was at all possible. (NOTE: That must be a fetish within a fetish - I should probably post on this in detail someday).

Josh and I continued to experiment with mild peeing in the showers and once outside in the park. The next summer I introduced Josh to nudism which was quite interesting. We continued to pee together in the shower. I got Josh comfortable peeing outside while swimming (just the two of us of course).

In my fourth year of college we spoke or texted several times a day. Josh ahd graduated by this time and was working so we didn't actually see each other quite as much. We became engaged.

We married two years ago and our love of the golden really took off. We tried something new every weekend. We went as far as to even tell our friends we enjoyed pee. None of our friends would even try it, but as you all know its not for everyone. Finally, through a mutual friend Josh and i were able to connect up with a small group of people who enjoy peeplay. I ahve posted several stories about this group titled "reality pee party" or something like that. Now for Josh's story.

JOSH:

I was born in 1984 near Berea Ohio. Growing up I was into all kinds of sports and played fortball in HS. In college I majored in Business Administration. Just before my last year of college while attending a party with my current girlfriend, I was introduced to this "earthy type" of a girl who hada beautiful smile. I refered to her as an "earthy type" mostly because of the way she was dressed. She was attired in a long dark tee shirt which covered her shorts, or should I say WOULD have covered her shorts if she was wearing any.

I really strained to try to determine if she was wearing a bra or not. I saw no trace of straps whatsoever. She was quite small breast wise but she assured me she was going to be in her fourth year of college. She told me she had given up drinking I explained i didn;t drink period. She slipped me her phone number and soon we were burning up the cell lines between Cleveland and Columbus. We even talked for six hours straight one night. I decided I NEEDED to spend time with her in person, especially now that my current GF dumped me for someone at her college.

Emily eventually took me home to meet her parents who appeared quite normal, I met her older sister and her BF. I met several of Emily's friends.

Emily and I continued to talk on the phone, she told me about some crazy class she was taking where she was learning about sexual perversions. She explained each in detail as she learned about them. I got turned on every time we talked on the phone. One night out of the blue Emily told me she was a nudist and she was actually raised a nudist. I thought maybe she had returned to drinking.

One weekend while showering with her I saw her peeing as she showered. I couldnt believe it when she told me she always peed in the shower. I began to wonder about her. First this nudist business and now this. I really wondered if we had a future or not. Several weeks later while I was picking her up at her home she came to the door naked. Thats right 100% fully naked. We had been naked together many times and even slept together naked but this was in her home where she grew up. I was watching TV as Emily was getting dressed when her mom and dad walked in - dressed of course. At least THEY were normal. Or thats whet I thought untill her mom admitted they were nudists and told me the next time I visited their home thay would be naked. They explained I would be free to wear whatever I chose and there would be no pressure on me to join them. I'm not going to give detals about that next meeting as I'm not sure this is the palce for that.

We got married after Emily got a job as a registered nurse. Soon after we were married I lost my job and ended up working for Emily's dad, a job I still enjoy today. Were saving for a house of our own so were living upstairs of Emily's parents. Its kind of neat because they have a nice pool and a hottub also.

Emily and I did continue to enjoy pee play (and a few other things which we wont go into). I learned she really hated to get urine in her hair, yet she wanted to try to taste it. Together we experimented with tasting and having learned from what we read dilution makes things much more paletable. I convinced her I wanted to try to drink directly from her, and I wanted to try for it all. One night when her parents were out we tried. I managed some but not all, she gagged and threw up. Despite all this the sex after was terrific. It wasnt untill after we were married we both mastered the art of drinking from the source and taking it all.

I love it when she straddles my face and lets go, full stream. Through a mutual friend of Emily's she managed to get hooked up with other couples into peeing. At first I was quite reluctant to go to this party but Emily wanted to go we went. I was a bit taken back as here were what appeared to be normal people peeing in front of, on and with each other. Our first visit permitted us to be just observers, but in order to attend another party we had to participate. I was somewaht reluctant but by now I was comfortable being nude with Emily's family and nudist friends. We both got naked and Emily drank. Some ran out and down all over her naked body. When we were finished I hit the floor and she straddled my face. I got an erection and (can I go here with this?) Lets just say we enjoyed outselves and were admitted to the group.

So there it is, our story. Were the couple you get in line behind in Wallmart. Were the couple laughing in a booth in your favorite resteraunt. Were the couple you sit behind in church on Sundays. Were the couple you see holding hands at the mall. Were normal in every way. Almost.

