Public Pissing Orgasm, Part 1 - The Nightclub

19th November 2013, 05:48 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hi everyone,

Although many people apologize for the length of their stories, I happen to think details matter. Quite frankly, I get turned on by knowing that my stories help to...shall we say "inspire" you. Please allow me to be blunt here...when you read my stories, it's a guilt-free masturbation zone. Ok? I'm serious! And you won't be alone, because even I masturbated as I was writing this stuff! All the details were so fresh that I quickly went right back there in my mind. In fact, if you do "enjoy" yourself while reading this...please don't just clean up and move on; post a reply on here to let me know. I'd LOVE to hear about it! Anyway...get comfortable and enjoy. I know I did.

Kisses, Renee

###

Kerry and I flew in on Friday night, early enough to have some fun in the room after we arrived...but too late to go out. But on Saturday, after spending some time on the beach and by the pool, we were definitely ready to go clubbing!

This was our girls' weekend away. My husband knew he'd be out of town on a consulting engagement, and given how cold it had been up north we ready to head south for a couple of days! It was wonderful. And when we went out on Saturday evening, we were ready to hit the night scene - decked out in short tube dresses (I was in black, Kerry in navy blue), matching fishnet thigh highs (yes, matching - corny, but hot), and we were both wearing some cute shoes we'd bought for the weekend. Fortunately, nothing we were wearing was particularly expensive, which we later discovered was a very good thing. And in case you're wondering, that's all we were wearing - neither of us were wearing a bra or underwear. We were ready!

As we headed out to the club in a taxi, we had been sharing a water bottle that we'd refilled with some rather "special water" before we left our room. And since we knew we couldn't bring it in (but certainly didn't want to waste it), we chugged it a little faster than we normally would have. Whoa. When we arrived, we both had quite a buzz going. We stopped by the restroom before we went into the main part of the club. Given all the water we drank before we left to stay hydrated - and the alcohol on the way over - our bladders were already full, and our pee was already rather diluted.

On the dance floor, our only intention was a little grinding against each other - some "dry humping," if you will - but nothing too overt. Just enough to get us horny for our night back in the room. But after dancing for a while, I had gotten quite horny and wet. And when Kerry straddled my legs and lightly ran her bare pussy up the top of my thigh, I could tell that I wasn't alone. She was dripping, and left a wet streak up my skin. The only problem is that I had to pee. Bad. But I certainly wasn't going to suggest that we stop dancing now.

Two girls dancing with each other isn't unusual. But two girls grinding against each other - even just a few times - generates some attention. We were off in a corner on the opposite side from the bar, in an area where the darkness was only interrupted by the pulsating strobe lights and glow sticks whipping through the air. But we could still see enough to notice that some people were now watching us - both men and women. Not in disgust, but out of excited curiosity. Just then, one guy stuck his cell phone out to take a picture of us. I now realize that the photo wouldn't have turned out anyway in there, but two very large gay men stopped him. I mean these guys were tough. They looked like rugby players - used to being beat up on the field. All I heard was one of the guys saying, "Let them be. Don't touch! Just look!" That stopped the other guy instantly, but also set the tone that we'd be very safe. We had body guards!

The interaction of those guys also caught the attention of a few more people around us, who were no longer casually glancing at us - pretending not to stare. Now the people immediately around us had turned and were looking directly at us as they danced. And yet the people just one layer past them couldn't even see us, and had no absolutely no clue what was about to happen.

The novelty of having an audience pushed us to keep going. They didn't cheer us on, lest they make a scene and attract unwanted attention. They just smiled and formed a kind of protective barrier around us. And fortunately for us, I had noticed when I walked out that there were drains in the floor - almost like shower drains - adding to the overall industrial feel to the place. For spilled drink perhaps? In any case, we had one right there in our corner. So there was no reason to hold back!

Kerry and I looked at each other, with a silent look of acceptance that only years of being together could communicate. We were saying to each other without words: "Let's go for it!" We got closer, slid a leg between each other, and began to grind against our legs, rhythmically rubbing our clits up and downup and down...up and down the tops of our thighs. Given enough time, this by itself could have pushed us both to an orgasm. No doubt about it.

But I wanted to touch her. So I reached down, slipped my hand up the front of her dress, and easily pushed two fingers into her wetness as she arched her back with a groan. She did the same to me, her fingers slipping inside me. We both slowly kissed for a few moments, just savoring this snapshot in time as we both had entered each other. And then we quickly escalated the pace of our rubbing.

We both had the backs of our hands resting against our thighs as our palms were cupped over the mounds of each other's pussies - with no less than two fingers going in and out, and pressing against our clits. My eyes had been closed, enjoying the moment, but I opened them to find a dozen or so people dancing around us and completely fixated on what we were doing. I suddenly noticed that one of the guys near us now also had HIS hand down HIS girl's pants! No doubt inspired by what we were doing. I smiled at him, and then kept going. I had fingered - and been fingered - in a nightclub before. That was nothing new. But having an audience was new. And so was what would come next...

Still rubbing against her pussy, I pulled Kerry in close to me with my other arm and said into her ear: "I want you to let it flow." She hesitated, but in agreement said, "Good, because I REALLY have to piss."

She had me so close that I could have climaxed just a moment later, but I was trying to hold off so we could orgasm together. And I knew she was close. Her fingering went from rhythmic to more sporadic - stopping for just a second - as her body would tense up, and then she'd keep going. And I was so close - right there at the edge. But I held it in...until I felt the first fluid spritz past my hand and her body fell onto my fingers. Just a split second later, I held her close and could literally feel her moan in ecstasy as the first big release sprayed out of her bladder.

Feeling her warm fluid go up and around my hand, and then down against my own thigh - spraying against my leg with great force - pushed me over the edge. I finally gave in to the orgasm that took control of my body. And with wave after wave of my climax, I let it flow - forcing the pee out of my bladder. Against Kerry's hand and down her legs. I could feel her wetness now soaking into my dress, running down the fishnet stockings, and finally down into my shoes.

Both of us were still riding the last waves of our orgasms - still peeing with some intensity - as I opened my eyes again and watched the crowd around us completely mesmerized by what they were seeing. The guy was still fingering his girl next to us, but she was now also clearly stroking his erection through his pants.

Since no one could see the business end of our fingers probing each other, every single person was staring at the expressions on our faces. That also meant they had NO IDEA what else we were doing even lower down! Kerry's eyes were still closed, coming down off her orgasm, but I looked out at the people around us and smiled as I now peed freely - all over the floor beneath me. I relished in the fact that they had absolutely no clue that my smile was caused by more than just the release of my orgasm.

As Kerry opened her eyes, and regained her composure, I slipped my hand out from under her dress and licked my fingers. Kerry did the same. Then we kissed. At that exact moment, I noticed the guy next to me was clearly shooting his load into his pants. Very cool.

We certainly weren't about to linger after that, and headed straight for the door. But as we walked away - in our squishy shoes - Kerry and I both kissed the rugby boys on the cheek and said thank you. They pushed the crowd out of the way, so that no one would grope us on the way out. As they did that, I looked back and saw that most of the puddle had thankfully gone down into the drain, but the floor was still soaked with a huge wet spot. And unbeknownst to them, everyone was now walking directly into it as they closed in behind us. They had absolutely no clue.

But I still felt compelled that we needed to leave. Now. We quickly bought two large water bottles at a little bar on the way out, and got right into a taxi. Fortunately it wasn't a long ride, because we were soaked! We tried as best as we could to keep it off the seats. But from the waist down, we were drenched in pee.

But as we pulled off - and the reality of what had just happened sunk in - we got giddy, and started laughing hysterically. That was crazy! And we got away with it!!!

And the night certainly wasn't over. Far from it! After the rush of that experience - combined with our lingering buzz from that "special" water on the way - I think we would have done just about anything. And we did!

