Peeing dares (interactive fantasy)

25th November 2005, 09:38 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I had an idea for an interactive fantasy. My favorite peeing/watersports fantasy involves dangerous naughty peeing. So we can post dares, and take turns imaginatively describing what happens.

Examples:

Pee in the library

Pee in a McDonalds

Pee in a movie theater

(Fantasy example. Supposedly from Patricia's point of view)

"Patricia"

My friends like to do crazy things and make crazy dares, and they dared me to take the pee in the library dare. At first I told them "No way! That's totally nasty!" but it started me thinking about how I could do it and figuring out how I could get away with it.

I went down to the campus library and explored it. The idea of getting caught totally terrified me, but it was also tremendously exciting and gave me a huge dirty thrill. I practiced squatting in various ways, imagining how I could do it in the most discrete manner. It seemed impossible. I could wear a skirt, but that would be almost too easy. And there always seemed to be somebody in the library who might hear, or worse, might see. I would die if I got caught.

Finally I got up a little nerve, waited until I needed to pee, and wore a skirt without panties to the library. I went to the most remote part of the library, squatted down and pretended to be searching for a particular book. When nobody seemed to be around I released just a little squirt onto the carpet. The noise that it made was the scariest part. And I found that it was best if I squatted closer to the floor. The only close call I had was when I guy came by when I was squatting low and concentrating on peeing. I practically had a heart attack, but I don't think he really noticed what I was doing.

Now I had peed in the library but I didn't think that I would tell my friends since I really hadn't taken a full pee and I had worn a skirt. But I continued practicing, taking longer squirts and testing out different parts of the library.

The first time I dared it wearing pants was in the basement of the library. There was no librarian down there and few people seemed to come down there since there weren't any tables or chairs to sit at. I was so terrified that my heart was beating like a hundred miles an hour and I was shaking slightly as I unzipped and squatted. I only managed a little squirt, but it was still a pretty daring thing to do. That was just before a holiday and I discovered that almost nobody came into the library before holidays.

Returning the first day of the holiday break, the library was absolutely silent and deserted. That was when I decided that it would be tomorrow, or never!

The next morning I got up earlier than usual so that I could make it over to the library shortly after it opened. I REALLY needed to pee but instead I drank two cups of water and made some coffee with the coffee maker in my dorm room. I put on a pair of dark jeans and a long button down shirt that I knew would cover my butt when I squatted. Then, skipping breakfast, I headed for the library. I needed to pee so badly I was unable to prevent a couple squirts into my panties on the walk to the library, but the long button down shirt provided a little coverage.

The library seemed completely deserted, and I headed for the basement. But arriving in the basement I lost my nerve... There were a couple of people looking for books and I almost peed myself when they suprised me. However I still REALLY REALLY needed to pee!

I took the stairs back up to the main floor, and felt a another warm squirt in my panties. The girls bathrooms were located on the second and third floor, and I now had to hurry!

Arriving on the second floor I headed towards the bathrooms. The second floor was totally deserted.. and it gave me extra nerve. Instead of heading into the bathroom I drank some water from the water fountain in front of the restrooms and then I headed back for the stairs.

My heart was pounding as I opened the door onto the third floor. It was totally deserted but I walked the whole floor twice, just to make sure. Another spirt hit me and I now I REALLY REALLY REALLY needed to pee! I rushed between some bookshelves, took a breath, popped the top button on my jeans, and pulled the zipper down. I waited, but I couldn't hear anybody.

It was now, or never. I looked back and forth, gave my jeans a good tug... and squatted!

At first I couldn't go, but I shakily willed myself to relax. A little stream quickly turned into a big gushing torrent that splashed LOUDLY onto the carpet. The noise scared me but I couldn't stop now if I wanted to. On and on I peed. The little wet spot grew into a bigger wet spot, and on I peed.. The squatting position was a little uncomfortable so I rose slightly and half sat on the bottom shelf of a bookcase as I peed on and watched the wet spot slowly spreading on the carpet.

Finally my peeing slowed and dribbled down onto the books on the bottom shelf. Then I seemed to get a second wind and suddenly needed to pee more. Starting more easily this time I peed with satisfaction and less urgency. I finished the second short pee and looked around and listened intently for other people, but the library remained deafly silent. Carefully I pulled some kleenex out of my pants pocket, wiped myself, dropped it onto the carpet and rose to admire the big wet patch I'd left.

I decided not to tell my friends...

