On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Penultimate Part)

30th April 2011, 05:59 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Monday:

T and I woke up at the same time. I got up and made some coffee whilst T went into the bathroom. When we were ready we went out onto the balcony, it was another really hot day.

G was sitting reading at his table with his shorts on and we were as usual wearing nothing. We all said good morning. T went in to make some more coffee and asked G if he would like a cup, he said that he would. I asked him if he wanted to sit with us. He said if T does not mind, No I replied she would not mind, but you know that she will have those shorts off you very soon, we just laughed, because we knew it was probably the truth.

T brought out the coffee and we all started to talk and about an hour had passed by. It really was so hot that we could not sit at our table for too long so G said I will move my table in the shade and we can sit there if you like. So we went and sat at G's table in the shade, it was a lot cooler, and much more comfortable there.

The conversation started to get to sex talk and stuff like that when G said. I think you are both very open minded; it is nice to meet people like yourselves. He went on to say that he had never tasted pee before yesterday and that he was very sceptical about things of that nature.

T then asked him why he had done it. He replied because it was there to be done, I wanted to try it and you wanted me to. Did you enjoy it I asked? Mmmm, it was OK he said. Would you do it again T asked him? Yes he said with you two I would. T said well, you never know, she had a big grin on her face and G and I looked at one another and I know that we thought the very same thing at the same time. We both knew what was coming, but we did not know when.

T drank her coffee and said to G, stand up a minute, so he did and we both wondered as to what she was up to, it was the look on her face that gave her away. She quickly put her thumbs inside G's shorts and whipped them down to his ankles. Aahh she said; now we are all naked. I just said, I might have guessed what she was going to do, G agreed, and said you were right as he looked at me.

T asked what was I right about and we told her that we had said she would have his shorts off soon. She said, well, we are sitting here with nothing on and it is not as though we have not seen one another naked before.

T then got up and went inside, when she returned she had a pair of black panties on. She looked at me and pointed one finger at her eye and mouthed the word, watch. She went straight over to G, placed her legs one each side of his lap. She began to piss in her panties. G put his hand about six inches below her groin. It ran into his hands and through his fingers, and then he pulled his hand away and watched her whilst he rubbed her piss all over his cock and legs. T had started to piss really hard and it was running through her knickers and onto G's cock and lap. We could hear the hissing noise coming from inside her knickers.

When she finished she slid out of her wet panties and sat down facing us again. I wanted to lick her and I got up and did, until she was dry. Then she said I feel very horny. She got up and moved her chair as close in front of both of ours so that they were almost touching. She placed one foot onto my lap and placed the other one into G's lap. She slipped her butt forward in the chair, with her knees bent high and her legs wide apart she then began to rub her clitoris. Her fingers were moving in a circular motion all around her clit and her eyes were closed with her head tilted slightly back. G and I watched whilst she masturbated herself to a wonderful orgasm. Then said, that felt so good knowing that you were both watching me, it is something that I have always fantasised about doing. She then said who wants a shower? It was just after 2.30pm and all three of us went into our apartment for a nice cool shower.

After our playful shower G went next door saying that he was going out to buy some more drinks as we had none left.

Whilst G was out getting the drinks T and I spoke once more about what had happened the day before and we reminded ourselves of the decision that T had reached the previous night. And did we still both agree upon the previous nights decision concerning all three of us. It was decisive, and once again made clear and agreed by both of us. I then commented, you really have come out of your shell since you have been here. She replied, I know, but I have really been enjoying myself since I came back to stay with you, I just want to let myself go whilst we are here. I have always held things back and I just want to feel wild for a change. I have today fulfilled a fantasy that I have thought about for a long time and I thoroughly enjoyed it, but I never thought for one moment that I would ever have the nerve to masturbate in front of a man, let alone two men. I said it was very sexy watching you enjoy yourself.

G returned some 20 minutes later with some cold drinks, he brought three out to where we were all sitting and put the remainder in the fridge. He once again came out with his shorts on, but neither T nor I made any comment.

Sometime later T moved the sun bed right opposite to where G and I were sitting. She then lay down with her legs toward us. Within a few minutes she had pulled her knees up high, and had strategically placed her feet one on either side of the sun bed.

She lay there for about fifteen minutes then got up and went inside, she returned with some more cold drinks from the fridge. T once again sat on the chair opposite us, and put one leg up on the table top with her legs apart.

Her beautiful soft pussy was staring at both G and me only a couple of feet away. She kept looking at our eyes to make sure that we were looking at her and her nipples were really prominent and hard. She looked at G and said why don't you release that from your shorts, then she gave a little smile. So he got up and took them off. Both G's cock and mine were standing very hard and stiff in the air, I was aware that mine felt so very hard at that point. G did not take his eyes off of her. T then just blurted out, how much she really had enjoyed the last couple of hours.

G then asked, can I touch you again? T replied you do not have to ask. It is why I am sitting here like this, I am enjoying it. I have said that I want you both to look touch and play with me. I then said that is what she wants, she likes it, and we do not have to ask, if she is showing herself in front of us, then she wants us to look at her and touch her. I then got up from my chair and walked round behind her.

I slid my hands over her shoulders and down over her breasts and felt her very hard nipples. I said, your nipples are so hard, are you feeling horny again? She smiled and raised her eyebrows and said, yes, very.

G got up from his chair and touched his stiff cock as he knelt down between her legs. He started to slide his hands up the inside of T's suntanned thighs and started to slide his fingers over her pussy and gently began to rub her clitoris slowly. T just looked down at what he was doing and slid forward in her chair opening her legs even wider. She let her head fall slightly backwards and said, mmmm, I love you both playing with me, it makes me tingle all over.

We played with her for quite a while, me playing and licking her tits and nipples. Whilst G was still kneeling right in front of her, he was moving his tongue round and round on her clitoris whilst with one and sometimes two of his fingers sliding in and out of her wet vagina. She started to groan with what we were both doing to her, her hips began to move back and forth on the chair and she said, you're making me cum.

My hands were over her lovely tits and she put her hands over mi ne pressing quite firmly, she then looked down at what G was doing to her. Her legs went straight out in front of her and they went stiff, she started to quiver and she looked at G and said loudly rub me harder I'm Cumming. Her orgasm came with a very deep long loud groan that came from deep inside her throat. Then her body began to relax again and she looked at us one at a time and said with a great big smile, I could let you both do that to me all day.

About ten minutes later after she had composed herself she started to play with our cocks with her feet, she was giggling and tormenting us both. I said to her that you will not be laughing in a minute; this made her laugh even more. G then got up and went behind her and started to tickle her ribs. T is very ticklish as she had already mentioned to us the day before, and she started to squirm and tried to stand up. I got up and held her down whilst G was still tickling her, she was screaming and laughing, her tits were rolling from side to side and they looked great as her nipples were almost still as hard as they could get, I knew that she was still feeling very horny.

We finally left her alone and went and sat down, but she started to torment us with her feet again, so this time we both just sat back in our chairs and pushed our butts forward and let her carry on.

We both had an erection and she was looking at them, she then leaned forward and ran her hands up our legs and she slowly began to hold both our stiff cocks, one in each hand. She was looking and paying attention to us one at a time, gently running her hand up and down both our shafts saying, they feel nice. I felt really good, her hands were so soft. It was really enjoyable watching what she was doing to both of us.

T then stood up and took us both by the hand and into our apartment and straight into our bedroom where we all flopped on the bed. There were hands everywhere.

T put her hands round our stiff cocks and we had one hand each playing with her. G was playing with her clit and I had two fingers up her wet Minge whilst licking and sucking at one of her breasts. She then pulled my butt up toward her head, she opened her legs wide and lifted her knees and looked at G and said put your tongue inside me. She then guided my cock near her mouth and she ran her tongue up and down its underside from the tip right down to the base. She then took me in her mouth; it felt so fuckin good with her soft lips moving up and down my shaft. She had her eyes closed and she began to groan.

Then she took my cock from her mouth and looked straight down at G and said loudly, fuck me G, put your cock inside me. He looked at her and she said I want you to fuck me; I won't push you off this time.

She brought her knees up to her chest exposing her soft pussy waiting for G to mount her. He placed his knees between her open legs and held himself. He then began to slide his stiff cock up and down her Minge stopping and rolling it over her clitoris. She put her hand down and held his shaft and she guided it toward her waiting vagina. When she let go he started to slide it slowly into her. T said ooohhh yes and started to groan when he began to enter her. She then lifted her legs up and put her feet behind his waist and locked them behind him pulling him deep into her. Oooh that feels so good she said. I have been waiting for this all day.

He was slowly and rhythmically sliding his shaft in and out of her and she began to breath very heavily, she pouted her lips and took a sharp intake of breath; she held it for a few seconds then opened her mouth and exhaled with a long groan. She was now moving her hips and butt under his torment and she pulled him down into her even deeper with her legs. She then squeezed her legs tight around him and said loudly I'm Cumming; make me cum over your stiff cock.

Her body started to go rigid, her mouth now open and groaning with deep breaths of pleasure. She then exhaled loudly with a very long mmmm and she had had her orgasm whilst underneath him.. He was now slowly moving in and out of her, giving her her desire. She opened her eyes and looked at the both of us. She said sorry did I make much noise? We both said yes, a little. G rolled off of her and he lay down beside her. She put her hand on my leg and once again exhaled deeply with pleasure.

We all lay there for a while saying nothing until T suggested that she needed a cigarette. We went out onto the balcony and G went into the bathroom. When we got out onto the balcony, she gave me a big hug and a kiss on the lips. I asked her if she enjoyed it, she smiled and looked at me and said, I would be lying if I said no. I said to her, you do realise that neither of us has cum yet. She looked at me and said, I know. G came back out and had a cigarette with us. Then T started to sing a stupid song «give me more more more». G and I looked at her and we burst out laughing, and she giggled to herself.

I went back into the bedroom and lay on the bed, they both followed me in a few seconds later. So I said to her, you want more more more. She just started to laugh and she sat up and put her hands on our groins tickling us between the legs. Further and further up she went until she had reached her goal. It was not long before we were both hard again, T made sure of that.

She leant over and lowered her head toward my groin. but I stopped her and said, turn over onto your knees. She did and I slipped my legs under her so that I had one leg down each side of her body. I then said to G, lets give her a spit roast, she said what's a split roast, I laughed and said you'll see. G went behind her and put his hand under her butt and started to play with her pussy. T was now tormenting the underside of my cock with her tongue, running it up and down from top to bottom. Little did she know what she was about to receive.

I then heard her give a little groan and her body started to move backwards and then forwards on top of me, she still had my cock in her mouth moving her lips up and down my shaft. I felt her moving over me more and more and I looked over her shoulder and saw that G was once again giving her what she desired. Her body started to move more sharply and quicker. Her breathing got a little heavier and there was a groaning coming from deep inside her. She was moving her mouth up and down me quickly and her body jolted forward every time G thrust his cock deep into her.

She slid her mouth off of my cock and she threw her head in the air and was biting her bottom lip. Her breathing was now heavy and her groaning got louder and louder. G began to fuck T so hard that her whole body was moving backwards and forwards on top of me quite violently. She had her eyes closed quite tightly and then she screamed quite loud to G, fuck me, fuck me with your big stiff cock. Her lowered her head onto my tummy and she was moving her hips as much as she could whilst G had his stiff cock inside her. She looked up at me and said I'm going to cum all over that stiff cock inside me, and then she just pushed herself backward with some force against G and she groaned and groaned and groaned for quite a time. She had orgasmed.

As she lifted her head to look behind her I looked down and saw that G was still inside her and that T's cunt was now dripping with juices. At first I thought that G had cum inside her, but he had not. He slid his cock out and lay down on the bed; his cock was still facing upright and was still as hard as mine. T flopped down between us and she was smiling when she said, fuck me I did enjoy that, she hesitated then said a lot. I have wanted that all afternoon. (She still did not know what a spit roast meant at this point though).

NOTE:

The decision that T had reached and we both agreed upon the night before was as follows:

Firstly from T's point of view:

She felt that after what had happened with G and herself yesterday when she let G fuck her for a minute or two. Would it matter if she let him again. she was completely honest when she said. It felt so nice when he was inside her, and that she wanted him inside her again. She added that she wanted both G and I to take her to bed and she wanted to have sex with us both, only this time she wanted to feel him cum inside her?. She wished to experience what it was like with two men. She wanted to try it whilst she had the opportunity, and as she had already experienced how nice it was when he was inside her, she said that she now really did want him to fuck her.

From my point of view:

I began. We are not married; neither are we «a couple». We are both single adults and are free to choose to do whatever we feel comfortable with. Whatever one does is between us and our own conscience. So, Yes, I have no objections whatsoever and I am for it if that is what you wish to do. I like G, he is a good guy and a very gentle person. He likes you (T), a lot, and I am sure that you would enjoy having sex with him. You have already said «how nice it felt yesterday». And as you have rightly pointed out, he has already fucked you yesterday, even though it was just briefly. If you want to go to bed with the both of us, I do not object one little bit, and I am sure that G certainly would not. The final decision has to be yours alone though.

It took her about ten minutes on her own to think about what she really wanted to do. She came back into the living room. Firstly she asked me how I felt about her. I replied that we get on well, we are both open minded and we enjoy one another's company very much. She fully agreed with all that I had said. She then asked, if she decided to go ahead would it stop us from having any possible relationship in the future? I emphatically said no, it would not. She then asked why?. I then proceeded to tell her about the kind of relationship with my last (late) partner. Then she understood as to why I had no objections.

It was almost an hour later when she returned and sat next to me on the sofa. She said that she had reached a conclusive decision. She would like to go ahead and experience having sex with the both of us, and that she wanted to have full sex with G, was it OK with me? I said yes, of course it is. She then snuggled up to me and said, thank you for letting me have lots of fun over the last couple of weeks and especially for the last couple of days with G. I really have enjoyed it all.

She added that she was really looking forward to tomorrow now that she had decided and we had both felt comfortable with what she could do. And that she was very eager for us both to give her what she wanted. I then suggested to her that we just let things occur naturally when all three of us are together, and she agreed.

END:

G asked if any of us would like a drink and T said, no, I do not want to piss right now, that broke the ice between us and we all laughed loudly. G did get up and brought a bottle of water from our fridge, he also brought in a towel for T to clean herself up with, but he did not give it to her, he gently touched her knees and she opened her legs and he did it for her.

We lay there for some ten minutes just talking and fooling about. Then T got up onto her knees and started to rub our chests, her hands went gradually down to our groin area and just below. She then began to lick at G's nipples and then mine, tweaking them gently between her teeth. It did not take either of us long for our cocks to go hard again; they did not need much coaxing.

T kept hold of our cocks and we started to put our hands all over her. She was still kneeling down and she parted her knees so that we could get between her legs, but she did not feel comfortable. She then turned onto her back with her legs closed. G started to feel round her pubic bone and gently he prized her legs open, just a few inches at first and then she opened them wider as his hand went underneath her groin. He reached her clitoris and within a minute she had opened her legs wide for us to touch and feel her. G had his fingers sliding in and out of her wet cunt and I licked three fingers and rolled them around over her clitoris in a circular motion.

She began to breathe heavily and gave a little groan here and there. Every now and again she was sucking in air through her pouted lips and saying aaahhhh that feels so good, don't stop.

I noticed G's fingers as he once again pulled them out from her now saturated Minge, she was so wet that his fingers were dripping with her juices, she was still groaning softly once in a while. I asked her if she was ready for another fucking, she just groaned mmmm. I asked her to get back onto her knees as she was before. She then rolled over and brought her knees under her body. I slid under her and she opened her mouth in readiness to take my stiff cock.

G was behind her with his hand playing with her pussy. She then stuck her butt in the air and said fuck me again G. I want your cock inside me again. He said I am going to put my cock right up you, do it she said, I want you to give me another good fucking. She then parted her lips and lowered her mouth onto me. She was moving her soft lips up and down my shaft and sometimes when she reached the tip she would flick her tongue at the tender parts underneath. We stayed this way for a while then I said to her, G and I are going to swap places in a minute OK. Yes do it now she said I want to feel you inside me.

I got off the bed and went round behind her; G was slowly pulling his cock out from her. When he had moved away I held my stiff cock and guided it toward her. I rubbed it up and down her clitoris before I very slowly just a little at a time started to slide it inside her more than wet vagina, when I was fully inside her, her head went back and she gave a really loud groan of pleasure.

I felt her muscles beginning to grip my cock from inside and then she half turned and was feeling where G was. She got him into the position that I was in when G was fucking her. Then she held his cock in her hand and started to lick, she slowly took it into her mouth little by little until her mouth was at the end of his shaft. She was moving her hips in tune with mine, and her mouth was moving up and down on G's shaft and she was now groaning loudly from deep within.

She began to shudder and she pushed herself back toward me, her butt was moving up and down in tune with me sliding in and out of her vagina. Her head was going quicker up and down G's cock and she was really making a lot of noise whilst sucking him. We both moved faster and faster and she let go of G's cock from her mouth and let out a hell of a scream followed by ooohh that cock feels so good. Her whole body was wracked with pleasure; she shuddered and quivered for well over a minute. She slightly got her breath back and said aaahhhh, ooohhh fuck, fuck, fuck that felt so fucking nice I did not want it to stop.

I was still inside her and started once again moving back and forth in and out of her. She again hungrily took G into her mouth sliding her lips up and down on him. I was not far off reaching a climax. My butt was now moving in and out of her soaked Minge quicker and quicker, she was still gripping me tightly with her inner muscles. I recall thinking at that moment «what a fucking good shag this woman is».

Then I exploded inside her, I let go both barrels, it felt as though I was not going to stop Cumming inside her. As I let it all go she was squeezing me from the inside then she let out a very deep loud groan whilst she still had G's cock in her mouth. I then slowly withdrew a little at a time. When my cock was out it was dripping wet. T said come round here. She then said to G, fuck me again, I want to feel you cum in me. G went round behind her and pushed himself right up deep inside her. T took my dripping wet cock and she started to suck and lick it clean of all our juices. G was now fucking her faster and faster in and out, her body was moving backward and forward on top of me in time with G's movements. Her body went still and she started to shudder again, G stopped his thrusting, she slid her mouth off of my cock and she let out another really loud scream, G was also making a bit of noise at the same time.

I looked at G over her back and he was standing there with his eyes closed with a look of total satisfaction, he was enjoying the moment. T's eyes were closed and she was holding my half stiff cock in her hand, she was totally out of breath and I could see beads of perspiration on her forehead. She half turned to G and said, come round here. He stood at the edge of the bed and she leaned slightly forward and she then took his cock in her mouth and licked and sucked both their juices from him.

A few seconds later she just flopped onto her tummy and started to laugh into the pillow. G asked her what was so funny, she just replied. I honestly could not explain to anyone how good that was. You both made me feel so. I don't know. I was not here if you like; I was on another planet and I just felt so relaxed and able to enjoy it all. I really did want it to happen but I still felt apprehensive up until G started to fuck me. Then I let go and really started to enjoy it.

The three of us showered together and we had a little fun in there at the same time. T made us all coffee and we sat on the sofa naked. G sent out for a Pizza and we opened a bottle of wine and really enjoyed the remainder of the evening together talking and laughing.

G gave T a long kiss on the lips and said goodnight then he went back to his own apartment at just gone 11.00pm, and T and I went to bed just after he left. We were both feeling tired, but we lay there talking for a while about our day. I asked her did she have any regrets, she said no, none at all.

She is really glad that she had gone through with it. She said, I bet that there are not many women who have been sent that high through having sex. We both giggled and she said that it was the best sex that she had ever experienced. The whole day has been just fantastic she added. What were the best parts of the day for you I asked?

She thought for a moment or two and said. That split thing when I first started to feel G's cock sliding into me and as soon as he started fucking me it felt so good, and I had your cock in my mouth that is when I really started to relax, I loved it. She said that to have someone taking her from behind whilst she was sucking a cock felt, her words, she said "It felt fucking delicious, it made me cum so many times".

Also, when we were out on the balcony and I was sitting there with my legs open in front of you both. I kept looking at him and he kept staring between my legs and it made me feel so horny knowing that you could both see. Yes I said we noticed that your nipples were hard for most of the afternoon.

The other part that I really did enjoy, and I was trembling with anxiety she said was when we were all walking into the apartment and when we reached the bedroom my heart was thumping, because if you both came with me I knew that I was going to let you both fuck me, that felt so exiting just thinking about it. I wanted to take you both to bed long before we did so.

I remember how nice it felt yesterday when I opened my legs waiting for G to fuck me. It felt good when his cock started to slip inside me especially when he pushed it all in me. I was really hoping it would feel the same today I asked her, and was it? She said yes, it felt even better because I knew that I was going to let him fuck me completely today and I really did want him to, so I felt totally relaxed about it. I loved having you both there knowing full well what was going to happen. I have been thinking about you and G fucking me all day today and it has made me feel so randy.

She then asked me if I had enjoyed the day. I said yes, very much, it was great. Although, I was a little surprised that you give G a blow job and licked his cock clean after he had fucked you. I know she said, but I just did not care at the time. And do you care now I asked? Mmmm. No she replied, I really enjoyed doing it. Yours was the third one and his is only the fourth one that I have ever done that too, but not as eagerly as I did with the both of you today.

Finally she asked if I would do it again, I said that is up to you,

Why? Would you like to?

She looked at me and said, yes I would like to, but would you mind if we did?

I replied, why? Do you want to?

She did not hesitate, she replied yes. I am not going to lie and say that I don't, because I honestly really do want to do it all again before he goes home on Wednesday.

I then said if you are sure, and you really do want to, then why not?

I am sure she said, because today I let myself go completely and I enjoyed the whole day.

Remember I added, let it happen naturally, he may not want to repeat it. Although we both knew that this was unlikely. She lifted her head and we both gave a little laugh and said goodnight.

