Mary's Diary - 1 - Opening

10th April 2010, 03:14 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

This is a work of fiction. It was inspired by 2 persons:

- WetWulf, on this very forum, and his deliciously wicked Kiki's serie

- Uthan, on misterpoll, one of her message definitely appeals to my naughty mind

It is fiction... of course since I am a man and the narator's a girl...

Here we go!

***

Hello dear diary, I have finally decided to have a diary of my own and here you are.

My name's Mary O'Connell and I am a 18 years old funny girl. I have light brown hairs that go straight down on my shoulder and reach around mid-back. I've got a cute face I think, green hazel eyes, little nose and pouted red lips highlighting a fair skin that I owe to my Irish heritage. I am 5.5" and I have a slender build, but very firm as I am on the swimming team of Hallow's High School. I wish I had some more curves and Jenny would stop teasing me about it...!

Oh sorry, you don't know about Jenny yet! She's my little sister, 2 years younger than me. Her hairs are more reddish than mine, and unfortunately the little minx is more curvy than me. She must have took it from mum. She's real wicked too. She's only 2 inches smaller than I am and we trade clothes sometimes, altough she always seem to burst out them she says boys pay her more attention this way.

Mum's only 38. Her real name's Louise though I don't call her that of course. She's much like Jenny, though a little older. She enjoys teasing men too, any time we go to the pool or the beach she can't but wear some skimpy bikini to show off her cleavage... I am sure if they she sunbaths in the buff in our high-walled garden they would tear the walls down overnight. I supposed Jenny inherited her exhibisionnist streak from her.

Well, here you know the family. No father there, he and mum divorced when Jenny was very young and he moved to the other side of the world: Australia. Well at least he left mum well funded for and since her job pays well we live comfortably.

See you.

