The Awakening Finale

10th December 2010, 07:25 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

The Awakening, final instalment

While Carol and I waited in the tent for the others to disappear, we naturally thought we'd pass the time with a bit of touching and stroking, I don't know if you've ever tried to get intimate in a two man tent with a rucksack and assorted cooking stuff lying around, but its not easy! We unzipped the inner tent and tried to put as much clutter as we could outside the door, but space was still pretty limited so to allow each other access, a policy decision was made to strip to our underwear. (actually Carol said shall we take our jeans off, and I was naked except for my briefs in about 20 seconds) I should say at this point that although I'd roamed my hands over pretty much all of Carol's sexy body, I had never seen her breasts, so I was hoping that might change.

After we had probed and stroked each other through out underwear, we started to ger really horny, I know I certainly was, and I was desperately trying to think what to try next, you have to remember I was a very inexperienced 18 yr old, whose only other experience of the female form had been through copies of Mayfair and Playboy. Carol solved the problem by rolling on top of me and started to grind her pussy against my cock... I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. This 'dry humping' continued for about five minutes or so, accompanied by increasingly passionate kissing, then I decided to try to undo her bra, after several attempts Carol sat up, unhooked it and tossed it aside and I was treated to my fist sight of breasts in the flesh, so to speak.

They were quite small, I guess probably an 'A" cup from memory, but with gorgeous hard nipples that were begging to be touched, which I quickly did. Carol invited me to squeeze her nipples, which I did. She started rocking backwards and forwards increasingly faster on top of me, then said "harder" so I pinched her nipple as hard as I dared. Carol gasped and I apologised "no do it again" she said " and harder", by now she's humping so hard and fast against me that its getting uncomfortable and I'm starting to worry about getting a friction burn from my underpants. I dont know whether or not Carol orgasmed, if so it wasnt obvious, but she suddenly stopped and looked serious.

"Does the thought of Mary wetting herself really turn you on" she said "umm, I don't really know, everything's so new at the moment that all of it makes me horny" was all I could think to say "Liar" she said, "I can feel you getting harder just thinking about it" Then Carol did something that really, really surprised me, I heard the unmistakable hiss of pissing pussy and I suddenly felt warm, Carol had peed on me, not a lot, but enough to soak through and give me a delicious warm feeling, then she continued to rock and grind against me, watching my eyes all the time, then stopped and did it again, a little more this time. I grabbed her hips and started to thrust up against her wet crotch, horny beyond all rational thought. Carol stopped again, looked at me with half closed eyes and said "your turn".

Trying to piss with an erection was new to me and all I could manage was a small trickle, which because Carol was on top, did absolutely nothing for her, though I have to admit, it felt very good to me. She looked cross and frustrated, then raising herself up slightly, pulled the leg elastic of my briefs to one side, took out my cock, pulled the crotch of her knickers down a bit and slid my cock inside them, and for the first time, I felt my cock snuggling against her pussy. carol wriggled a bit to align my cock so it rested right beside her clit and said "try now" and after a minute of intense concentration on my part, my flow started, the moment she felt it, she started to hump at me again, which had the effect of making my piss stop and start.

It was no dry hump this time, my cock slid along the length of her wet slit, and each time the tip grazed her clit she'd thrust down really hard, The thrusting got faster and faster making it impossible for me to pee anymore, then suddenly Carol orgasmed, there was no doubting it this time, in fact I'm fairly sure there wasn't a soul within fifty feet of us who would doubt it!!

Carol collapsed forwards on top of me, smothering me with breathless kisses, still gently grinding against me as her breathing returned to normal, she opened her eyes and looked into mine and simply whispered "thank you", at that exact instant I felt on top of the world, almost a super stud, even though I really hadn't done much to contribute to the event. The rocking continued for a little while but the pee had cooled by now and I was lying on an extremely soggy patch of sleeping bag!

Things had gone quiet by now so we decided to risk leaving the tent, we both dressed and went 'commando' , another first for me, though Carol said she often did it if she was wearing very tight jeans, so she didn't have a panty line, this was well before the thong became popular. Personaly I quite liked to see a panty line, still do for that matter. We left the tent, and headed for the car park and public toilets to clean our teeth, on the way we stopped on the path, in full view of anyone who could be around, though nobody was, and pissed for each other both of us running our hands through the warm streams of pee and gently touching. Having finished Carol said, I suppose this means you'll have to sleep in my tent tonight" I grinned "I suppose so"

Arriving back at the tents, we crawled inside Carol's, which, if anything, was even smaller than mine, we unzipped her sleeping bag and lay under it on top of a blanket, both completely naked, we lay facing each other, kissing for a while, then Carol turned her back to me and simply said "spoon", so I snuggled up to her back, she giggled, reached between us and guided my cock between her legs and started wriggling provocatively against me, my cock once again sliding along the length of her wet pussy, and again she picked up the pace and started to thrust back at me.

I don't know whether it was the angle, or a deliberate move on Carol's part, but suddenly my cock shot deep inside her, making her gasp. I quickly pulled out and mumbled an apology but she just told me to put it back, but not to cum inside her. I slowly fucked her from behind, then Carol turned me onto my back, straddling me, at first we just repeated the episode in my tent, a lot of wriggling and humping, but no penetration (and no pee) but then Carol leaned forward and my cock once again impaled itself deep inside. I pinched and squeezed her nipples and she rocked on top of me, my cock moving very little inside her, but her clit was getting a real work out over my pelvic bone, she leaned back and started to ride me for real, I was watching my cock sliding in and out of her.

Carol moved her hand to her clit and with a finger on either side began to, what I can only describe as, wank herself while fucking me. "I'm going to cum" I managed to gasp, "how close"... "very" she spread wide and frigged ger clit hard and at that moment her pussy clamped tight on my cock, she groaned, her pussy spasming and a small jet of pee hit me in the middle of my stomach... that was it, I knew I was passed the point of no return. I tried to pull out and grunted "I'm cummming", but she just continued to thrust and spasm on top of me, my first jet of spunk shooting inside her before I managed to pull out, the rest nearly hitting me in the face. "I'm sorry" I whispered... "don't be, it was my fault". We cuddled for a while and then back to spooning when we both fell into a deep, contented sleep.

The following morning I woke first and gently caressed her nipples, Carol opened her eyes and murmered "If you don't stop that, I'm going to have to fuck you again", so I stopped... "don't you dare stop, you tease" she said, I played along, pretending I knew she didn't really want me to stop, when really I'd no idea. I pinched a nipple , then played with her downy pubic hair, moving close to her clit but not touching it.

She turned onto her back, pulling me on top of her and spreading her legs wide. I started to rub my cock against her, hunting for her wet hole, with absolutely no idea how I was going to get it inside her... "for gods sake, stop teasing" she said, grabbing my cock and guiding it inside. While I balanced on my knees and elbows, thrusting deep inside her, she slid a hand down between us and played with her clit. Her breathing got steadily deeper and once again her pussy started to spasm and she started to push up at me in time with my own thrusting, this time as I was about to cum, I pulled out and jetted my warm cream over her pussy and belly, Carol was seconds behind me, and with a quite whimper, spasmed and wriggled to an orgasm.

We heard the others moving about, so reluctantly we dressed and had breakfast.

