Megan's Road-Trip Dilemma

2nd November 2012, 07:45 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

A few years back, my best friend Megan and I made plans for a week long get-a-way to the beach. This was in part due to us missing "Senior Week" right after graduating high school. We both had jobs that quickly consumed our lives, so of course we couldn't make up plans on the fly. So, our plans were to head to Virginia Beach the following summer.

Quickly the year slipped by and summer '09 came. It was early June, unusually warm weather, and our one year anniversary of being graduated. It was time to let loose with our vacation ready to commence. The warm weather meant we were dressed for the occasion. Megan wore a short denim skirt with a white tank top. Her skin already had a dark golden tan which the white top accented nicely. Her top exposed tons of cleavage and the short skirt exposed Megan's killer thighs. Her blondish-brown hair fell just below her shoulders. She looked like many of the Brazilian women you see featured in magazines.

I sent Megan a text message from outside her house: "You ready to hit the road?" Seconds later, my phone began to ring. I picked it up and Megan was on the other end. She stated that she needed to grab her phone charger, use the bathroom, then she'd be out.

Moments after she hung up, she appeared in the doorway carrying her luggage. I seen her outfit that I just described for the first time. "Your dressed for the beach and you're still 500 miles away" I joked. Megan laughed while handing me her suitcases to stuff away. I could fit only one in the trunk, so I put her smaller bag in the backseat.

"We really have to take this?" She questioned.

"Of course. You know how much I love this car!" I answered with.

"Yeah. Unfortunately I do." Megan quipped off.

Like most girls, Megan wasn't fond of my classic Camaro. I spent my entire teenage years blowing money and spending all my spare time doing a nut and bolt restoration on it. Many times I'd blow off spending time with Megan for some alone time in the garage working on the car. Like any girl, Megan grew jealous before recognizing the Camaro as her enemy.

We jumped in and set off. We made it only a short distance before I told Megan: "We need gas. While we're up here, do you want to grab a bite to eat?"

"Well duh! I haven't eaten yet today and it's noon. I'm hungry!" She said sarcastically.

We exited the interstate to a Sunoco station. I filled the Camaro while Megan made her way into the Subway restaurant right across the from the gas station. It wasn't long before I joined her. We both ordered our sandwiches, got a large Sprite to go with it, then grabbed a seat inside.

Megan and I reminisced about school and old friends that we hadn't seen since graduation. It was just small talk to fill our time. Half-way through our meal, Megan grabbed her cup as well as mine and said: "Free refills, my as well get our moneys worth!"

She got our refills and retook her seat. In no time, our cups were again empty, so this time we threw them in the trash and hit the road again. We both skipped the restroom this time knowing the Camaro hardly gets 10 MPG. We'd have to stop again for gas shortly.

We spent the next hour jamming to music making our way down the interstate. A sign popped up: Next Rest Station 2 Miles.

"You have to go yet?" I asked Megan.

"Uhm. Nah. I can probably hold it until we get gas again." Megan replied seemingly unsure.

"Are you sure? We still have over half a tank and who knows where the next place to stop will be." I again asked.

"Yeah. I'll be fine" Megan said more confidently this time.

With that behind us, we blasted right past the rest station and continued our way. Our journey continued another hour before the gas gauge dipped below a quarter tank. Noticing this, we again exited the interstate to gas up again. The timing was perfect as I noticed Megan had began to squirm in her seat a bit.

"Ah. Thank God. I was beginning to think that I was going to have to ask you to pull over!" Megan said rushing out of the car.

I also had to go, but not nearly as bad as Megan. Instead of rushing inside, I pumped my gas. Just as I was about to head inside to pay, Megan came out the door. She still looked desperate walking hastily and fidgeting with her skirt.

"Everything OK?" I felt compelled to ask.

"There's one bathroom in there and it has a big OUT OF ORDER sign on it. Can you fucking believe it?! I should just piss in their parking lot." Megan was clearly angry.

I reassured her we'd find another venue to relieve ourselves at after I paid for the gas. I paid and rushed back to the car knowing that Megan was beyond desperate for a piss. We got back on the interstate, hadn't even made it a mile before we seen road signs.

Next Exit: 7 miles.

Next Rest Area: 23 miles

"I can't make it 7 miles! I need to go right now! You're going to have to pull the car over so I can pee along the road.." Megan said now dying for a piss.

Calm down and take a deep breath. I promise I wont let you piss yourself. We'll figure something out." I again reassured her.

She shot me a dirty look yet said no more. She was too desperate, otherwise she would of probably slapped me. Unfortunately for her, I had the displeasure to witness a horrific accident on a highway shortly after I got my license. A mother with two children got a flat tire and stopped her car on the side of the road. Moments later, a truck driver not paying attention slammed into the back of her car at 70 MPH. It was horrific. Ever since, I've never stopped along any interstate or highway unless I'm in my semi. I'll only stop along roads that people travel slower on.

Knowing this, I told her to grab a Gatorade bottle from behind the seat. I kept it there filled with water because occasionally my car would slightly overheat from being so modified.

"What in the hell am I supposed to do with this?" She demanded.

"Dump the water out the window. Behind your seat, there's a small rectangular shaped funnel. You can use that too." I replied.

"Well, this should be interesting at least. You better at least slow down a bit so I don't miss and piss everywhere if you hit a bump." She directed me.

Lucky for her, my Camaro has dark tinted windows. No one could know what was going on when they were up, so she was a bit more open to the idea than she would of been otherwise. With the 32 oz. Gatorade bottle and funnel in hand, she scooched as far forward on the seat as possible. She folded her skirt in underneath of her to expose that she was going commando. Fortunately, I had seen her bald pussy with its fat lips before, otherwise I would of probably wrecked from staring at its beauty.

"I can't believe I'm about to do this." She said as she placed the spout of the funnel into the bottle.

"Oh yeah. You'll probably have to watch you don't overwhelm the funnel. It's opening is only the size of a dime and I know you.. You piss like a damn racehorse!" I added.

"Great" Megan replied

She held the bottle about 6 inches in front of her pussy and just slightly below her pussy's level, tilting it slightly toward herself. She used her right hand to pull her plump pussy lips apart allowing her pee-hole to be unobstructed.

"Well, let's see how this works out." She said.

Simultaneously, her stream started flowing. It started off perfect, not having to build up like that of most people. It hit the funnel before falling into the bottle. Her stream sounded amazing as it hit the plastic funnel before the pitter-patter of it falling into the bottle. That mixed with the very faint hiss made turned me on immediately.

"Ahhh. I needed this so bad! You have no idea how good it feels to finally fucking piss! She strained to say.

She was obviously straining to keep her stream under control. She couldn't blast her piss, else she'd overflow the funnel and have splatter everywhere. Her aim was quite impressive, the stream exited her pussy maintaining a perfect stream, got an inch or two of arch, then fell directly into the funnel.

Despite her best efforts though, her stream continued to pick up intensity. She moved the bottle farther away to compensate, but the funnel was beginning to lose the capacity race. Megan was emptying her bladder faster than the funnel could keep up.

"Oh shit. Oh shit. Please don't overflow." Megan said repeatedly.

Megan did an amazing job at reigning in her stream to allow the funnel to catch up, but a new problem had arose. The 32 oz. bottle was almost full. Megan scooched all the way off the seat, now squatting over the bottle on the floorboard. She pinched her stream off significantly, but she still was flowing slightly. She turned toward the backseat to look for another container.

"Shit. You gotta pull over now. It's going to overflow and I can't stop!" Megan said, now almost in tears.

"Don't worry about it. Just fill the bottle and then finish your piss on the carpet." I actually felt bad for her which doesn't happen often.

"But. But. Your carpet's white and it's new! You'll kill me because I'll stain it!"

Megan somehow managed to grab a wad of her clothing from her suitcase. She was determined that she would piss on her clothes instead, but I ripped them from her hands and scolded her for even thinking about it.

"Seriously, just go on the carpet. It'll come clean and it needs scrubbed already anyways." I again told her.

This time she didn't resist. She put her ass back on the seat the way she started originally. She still had her pussy parted using her right hand. Her stream remained small and it was still directed into the funnel, but the bottle was now full. Quickly, she threw the funnel in the back, splashing pee on my face and in my mouth.

"Sorry!" She apologized.

In the same motion, she returned the cap to the unheld bottle as she was still holding her pussy with her other hand. Now, her stream was aimed solely at the white carpeting since she threw the bottle behind her with the funnel.

"I can't fucking believe this! I'm so sorry, I'll buy you a new carpet." She announced.

Her stream was really flowing now. She allowed it to arch toward the glove box before soaking the most forward part of the floorboard. As her stream grew, so did the loudness of it. Her pussy hissed before her stream rained down on the carpet now filling with her piss. As it land on the carpet, it sounded as if she were letting a torrent loose on a newspaper! The sound and sight was so great that I didn't even care about the carpet. The scene was worth more than the $230 carpet anyways!

Her puddle continued to grow, tinging an even larger area of the carpet a slight yellow. The carpet now so saturated that her pee splattered as it landed. There was an awkward silence and she made it obvious she felt horrible, so I felt the need to lighten her up.

"Damn. You really had to go. I swear you need to be in the Guinness Book of World Records!" I laughed.

"Yeah. I was pretty damn desperate. Lucky for your carpet, I'm almost done. Too bad I flooded it though!" She replied.

She was loosening up to the fact that she was actually giggling, smiling, and laughing about it with me. I felt now was the time to tell her what I thought.

"Can I tell you something?" I asked carefully.

"Sure. You better not yell at me though! You told me to do it!" She answered.

"That's the hottest fucking thing I've ever seen! Not trying to weird you out, but that's so hot!" I told her.

Actually, I was thinking the same thing. I didn't want to tell you that I was being turned on by pissing on your floor, but since you don't care.." she added.

I was pleasantly surprised hearing that she too was turned on by her stunt. Her stream was now nearly finished.

She took in a little breath before "Pssshht. Pssshhht." Two big spurts of pee came flying out of her pussy and crashed into the center of the puddle in front of her. "Mmmmm" She expressed.

I couldn't help myself. "Aaaah" I let out under my breath.

"You better just pay attention to the road, Mister." She joked.

With that, she shook her pussy over the floor to clear any remaining pee. That action almost made me orgasm without even touching myself. It wasn't only naughty peeing on the carpet, but shaking her pussy dry. That's the hottest way for a girl to "clean up" in my opinion.

I shot her a look. "What? I already pissed on it. The few drops that come from my pussy can't hurt anything, Right? She said.

"Nope. Do your thing, girl." I told her.

She fixed her skirt, sat back, and pulled her feet away from the now yellow tinged, piss soaked carpet. She seemed almost proud of her work. She reach around back to grab the bottle in which she had filled.

"What are going to do with that?" I asked her.

"Dump it out!" was her response.

"Keep it back there just in case the car overheats." I said.

"You'd really put my piss in your radiator?" Megan questioned.

Why not? You put it on my floor! Besides, it'd probably just make it run better anyways!" I joked with her.

We continued on our trip. It wasn't long before I had to stop at a Rest Area to pee myself. Sure enough, the car was slightly overheating too, so we left it to cool a bit while we enjoyed a quick nature walk. Upon making it back to the car, it had cooled enough so I could top off the fluid. I removed the radiator cap and told Megan to grab the bottle. She swiped it from inside before handing it to me with a big smile on her face. I removed the cap and slowly poured her piss into the radiator. It took the whole bottle, but it topped it off.

"This is like the movie Sex Drive where Felicia had to piss in the radiator!" Megan laughed.

"Yeah. She's more skilled though. She pissed into the radiator itself without even using a funnel!" I kidded with her.

"Okay, smartass! Do you want me to go fill the bottle up with water again before we go?" She asked.

"Nah. We'll be good until our last stop here in an hour and a half or so." I told her

We climbed aboard the car once again. Megan threw the empty bottle in the back and we were off on the final part of the journey. We spent the next hour discussing the stain, how sexy and naughty her pee was, and her unbelievable bladder capacity.

Just before making our last stop she asked me the same question that I had asked her earlier.

"Do you mind if I tell you something?"

"Of course not. Enlighten me!" I replied.

"It was actually pretty gratifying to piss on your carpet. After all the hours this car stole from me. It was kind of like pissing on one of your ex-girlfriends who would steal you from me! We all know I'd love to do that to one of those bitches you dated." She told me.

"I'm not really surprised. You do really hate this car or should I say you are really jealous of this car!" I joked.

It was time for our last fill up before arriving at the beach. I pulled into the gas station just outside of Virginia Beach and Megan grabbed the bottle before heading into the restroom to refill it. I pumped my gas and paid for it by the time Megan came out. Upon getting back into the car, she handed me the bottle.

"Eww. This place has some nasty looking water! Glad I'm not thirsty." I said looking at the contents of the bottle.

"That's not water, hunny. I think your car does run better with my piss in your radiator, so I figured I'd refill it for you myself!" She announced.

"You naughty bitch!" I called out.

We both laughed about it. Luckily for my Camaro, she hasn't had an incident in it since. We only ran into another slight overheating problem on our way home, so I added the second bottle of Megan's piss and it hasn't overheated since! Ironic? I think not. The coolant hasn't been added to or flushed since our '09 trip, so her piss is still in there. The car is overdue for a coolant flush, so perhaps when I do, I'll have Megan put a couple rounds her additive in it! This time Sex Drive style so we can test her aim straight into the radiator and not using the wimpy funnel to a bottle and into the radiator method!

I cleaned the stain slightly, but I decided to leave the faint yellow tinge instead of removing it fully. It serves as a reminder to that day and it still turns Megan and I on when we see it. It's hard to see unless you're looking for it and truth be known.. It might be my favorite part of the car now! So thanks Meg!

