The Games we Play

18th February 2015, 02:22 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!

Just for the record, Alice and I aren't specifically into holding or desperation. When we need to pee, we may hold onto it until we have the ability to wet ourselves, but once we get to that point, we don't hesitate. We don't get any enjoyment out of holding on to our pee as long as we can, because what we do enjoy is the wetting

! You'll never catch us holding unless we can't wet ourselves, and yes, sometimes that takes longer than we'd like. But yeah, that's the deal.

That being said, here's what Alice and I were up to last weekend.

When Alice first started wetting with me, we came up with some interesting games to play. One of them was something we called "Quick Cover". One of us, randomly in the day, would just drop to the floor and assume a crab-walk position. Because of how we live, our shaved crotches would be fully open and exposed to the world. And then, that person would start counting down from 10.

What that meant was, whoever was in that position was about to pee. And it was the other person's job to find something to cover the other's pussy and allow them to wet themselves. The challenge was to do it in under 10 seconds. The pee-er was locked in that position and wouldn't move no matter what; if you couldn't find anything appropriate, they would just release their pee, no matter if they were still exposed or not.

The first couple times we played the game, it was up and down. Some pees were missed and went flying onto the floor or wherever we were, and that was always a sad time because we would have to clean it up. Not to mention the sadness of a missed wetting! But we got better with it. We learned that almost anything can be used to wet yourself. It was during this game that we first started trying each other's pussies for wetting!

We actually haven't played "Quick Cover" for awhile. We've learned a lot of great wetting tricks from it, but neither of us have initiated a round in a whole year or two. Well, last Sunday afternoon, guess who did!

We were all chilling in my kitchen; my husband, Alice, and me. I was finishing a sub sandwich, Alice was playing something on her 3DS, and my husband was putting on his shoes.

He finished tying his shoes and said, "I'll be back. Gotta pick something up from Gamestop before the snow hits." He leaned over and gave me a smooch, waving to Alice and heading out the back door.

I sighed and finished my sandwich. I saw Alice put her 3DS down, unbutton her loose skirt, stand up on the rungs of the kitchen stool, and stick her bare butt up in the air, stretching.

I laughed at her display. "Are you trying to entice me, girl?"

"Maaaayyyybe." She sat back down and stared off outside the window.

She always looks super-hot. "Well, it's working." I took my plate and walked over to the sink; giving it a rinse and placing it in the dishwasher.

Alice's voice sang out again. "Hey, Gracey, guess what?"

I turned to look at her, but she wasn't sitting on the kitchen stool. She was on the floor, in that crab-walk position; her hands and feet firmly planted on the floor and her shaved crotch pointed upward and glistening in the afternoon light. I couldn't muster any words as my brain processed what was coming next.

She grinned an evil grin at me and chuckled out: "10."

I stammered. "What?! Are you kidding me?"

"I am not kidding you. 9."

"Oh my gods, you're gonna pee."

"I don't want to just pee, I want to wet myself. 8."

My mind started to race. "But... I have no idea..."

"Well you better think of something quick! 7!"

I just stood there and looked at her open pussy. She made a little thrusting movement at me and chimed out: "6."

All I had to do was find something for her to wet. No problem. "Be right back!" I ran off into other parts of the house.

"Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere!" She shouted after me. "5!"

I had to think fast. Anything would do, really. Towels, bunched up clothing, a... pillow! That was a perfect idea. A freshly cleaned pillow was just tumbling in the dryer!

"I'm gonna let go soon, and I don't wanna make a mess! 4!" She was stretching it out on purpose. I at least had that going for me. I ran to the dryer, which was still spinning, and yanked the pillow out. It was hot but rapidly cooling.

I ran back out to where she was. "I'm relaxing my muscles now... 3!" I wasn't going fast enough. My socks were slipping all over the floor and I couldn't get any traction! "I'm starting to bear down now... 2!"

I practically dove down next to her, jamming the pillow vertically in-between her legs. "Here it comes now... 1!" As I witnessed a tiny dribble of her pee pour out, I pressed the pillow against her crotch, making sure every inch of her pussy was covered.

"Ungg... ohhh god, yes! YES! It's so warm and soft!" Alice cried out as she wet herself. I didn't get to see her pee, only her face contort in pleasure and lust. I bent the pillow under her butt to catch it all; she certainly wasn't holding back.

After a minute or two she loosened her pose and lied down on the floor. I picked up the pillow carefully and gave it a once over. "You sneaky bitch!" I joked. "You could have warned me you were gonna pull that trick."

She laughed and rolled on the floor like a little girl. "What's the point of the game if I give you a heads-up? You've got to be on your toes!"

"Yeah, well, this was freshly clean. Now it'll have to be washed and dried all over again."

"Hey, not my problem. You're the one that chose that." I did. I was just a little short because of the short situation I was in.

I smiled and leaned down to kiss her forehead. "That was fun though."

"It was... thanks for making sure I wet myself."

I didn't tell her I was already planning on springing another round on her. I have a feeling we'll be playing "Quick Cover" more often this Spring and Summer.

