Movie Night

3rd February 2008, 08:04 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

On the way home, Cheryl had stopped to pick up some movies and as they walked into the house, Kiki was not surprised as Cheryl rushed to the bathroom and returned a few seconds later with a handful of extra thick towels. She draped some across the couch and spread a few of them on the floor. When Kiki smirked at her mother, Cheryl simply grinned. «Well,» she said, «I don't like my movies interrupted.»

Before starting the movie, both girls decided to make themselves comfortable and changed into their nightgowns. After slipping off her wet and stained panties, Kiki made a bold decision to leave them off and try enjoying the evening without them. When she returned to the living room, her mother was already setting up the DVD player and making herself comfortable atop one of the towels on the couch.

An hour or so into the movie, both Kiki and Cheryl could not pull their eyes away. There was action, romance, and even a little comedy and there would be no way either of the girls could leave it even if they wanted to. Kiki was at last beginning to feel the familiar pressure in her bladder. She was sitting comfortably with her legs crossed, engrossed in the film, and did not feel like moving. With a slight smile on her face, Kiki parted her legs a little and began to pee softly into her nightgown. Since she wasn't wearing panties, the instant feeling of her pee splashing against her legs made her gasp. She did not stop, though, as the flow continued to soak the bottom of her nightgown and seep into the towel beneath her. All this time, she continued to watch the movie while peeing, trying her best to concentrate as her flow strengthened and a muted hiss could be heard over the movie.

«Are you peeing?» Cheryl asked. Kiki could only bite her lip and nod as the last few spurts of her pee sprayed out of her, splashing against her thighs and trickling to the towel. «I've got to go, too,» Cheryl responded. She lifted her nightgown to reveal that she also was not wearing any panties. «You know what… what the hell.» Kiki was stunned (or maybe not) as her mother removed the towel and sat her bare bottom against the couch cushion. «I've been drinking water, so it shouldn't smell all that bad.» By now, both women were no longer interested in the movie, amazed by their fresh boldness. «You made it look so amazing, I think I need to give it a try.»

Kiki looked on in envy as her mother closed her eyes and parted her legs. She stared watchfully at the divot made by the nightgown between her mother's legs and waited. Almost instantly, a loud hissing rose above the dialogue of the movie. «Oh,» Cheryl moaned as the crotch of her nightgown darkened. Kiki could not look away. The sound of her mother's pee soaking into the couch cushion was thrilling. «Oh my God, Kiki. Umm, God this is so warm.» Much like Kiki had done earlier at the store, Cheryl began to rock back and forth, rubbing her bottom against the cushion. A few drops of pee escaped and pattered to the floor, making Kiki smile again.

In her excitement, Kiki felt a bit of leftover pee rising to the surface. Following her mother's example, she lifted her skirt and pulled the towel out from under her, spread her legs, and allowed the pee to seep out little by little, trying to enjoy the warmth as it embraced her bottom and vagina. Wanting to touch herself this time, she reached a hand beneath her nightgown and gently placed two fingers into her vagina. This caused an abrupt spurt that splashed loudly against the cushion. Cheryl's light moans were growing to gasps. «Oh, I'm soaking the couch, but I can't stop. Mmm, I'm gonna come. Oh God. Uh… mmm….» Kiki continued to rub herself as Cheryl rocked back and forth, allowing the wetness of the cushion to massage her clitoris. Almost in unison, both women threw their heads back and cried out, gasping for air as they slumped in wet heaps against the couch, panting and giggling.

They had to rewind the movie, of course.

