Average life turned...wet! part 4

9th July 2014, 07:17 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 4

After this great and wet afternoon they loved each other even more, Kim was singing and humming daily now, and Rob enjoyed his life even more. Because of his confidence, he became better at his job, sold more tires and cars and was getting a promotion. A promotion meant a bit higher salary and more paid vacations.

Kim was offered more work and longer days and a 5 day work week but she turned it down at first. They considered her the best so she still got a promotion and it was agreed on altering weeks, 1 week 5 days and the next week 2 days but the 3rd day in reserve in case for emergencies or assisting other clinics.

Financially things became comfortable but they decide to keep the house instead of moving to a bigger one because of the privacy and the view. Also because the mortgage was not much at all so they could save up for later and plan some nice lovely vacations not having to search for cheap deals. All vacations, and almost all spare time was planned and based on their favorite theme «Pee', «naked', «nude', making love on the beach, sailing and so on.

Kim was still writing on Peesearch but Kim has never told that to Rob. Rob respects that and her privacy(somewhat) and is not asking about it. On the other hand, Rob is writing on Peesearch as well and responding sometimes to Kim but of course Kim does not know it is Rob she is talking to. Rob and Kim became more comfortable with each other, no jealousy, not scared of cheating, so Rob was not even considering spying on Kim through Peesearch, only thing was to get to know her better and better and to be able to anticipate on her fantasies. He compared this trick to the movie «What women want' with Mel Gibson. Sometimes she was surprised that he knew things what she liked before she told him but she never questioned how he knew.

They did watch video clips together and even sometimes fantasize if other people would be there with them and joining in.

Kim would read or write on the web when he was not around and sometimes he would do so when she was not around. Occasionally he would have a day of when Kim had to work and Rob sat himself down at the pool and have an afternoon peeing all over himself and drinking it. They did make some ice cubes of each other's pee so now when he is making something to drink, sometimes a margarita but often enough just some lemonade, lime of lemon lemonade, a few of her ice cubes and enjoying keeping the juice in his mouth swirling it around the getting her taste to the max! Sometimes refilling his glass with his own pee.

He had a new recipe, Coolaide, little pouches of lemonade powder, at least he knew it was safe, not a load of sugar. For people not knowing, Coolaid has been around for a long time and the taste is quite good. Rob is not much into the soda pops like cola etc. because of the strong taste and high sugar content. Yes I know («coolaid' is spelled a bit different but I do not want it to be too easy to find on the net)

This lemonade powered you can use just as much as you want and not making it to strong. Pitcher, powder, lovely flavored ice cubes and water and pee mix or only pee, try it is wonderful, no need for alcohol all time, this is just as great! Another advice that Rob and Kim discovered is, when you wake up in the morning, before breakfast, drink anywhere from2 to 4 glasses of cold water, not too cold but a bit colder than like warm. Drink it, take your time, and try to down it in 20 minutes or so, after drinking wait another 15 minutes before eating breakfast. Pee in the bathroom if you wish and you are clean and ready to go for work, fun golden shower sex whatever you want, very healthy. Also you would feel more compelled to do some exercise, jogging etc. You lose weight and have more sex drive.

One day when Rob was home alone, enjoying himself and practicing to art of fountain making and peeing in his own mouth and wetting a few square yards around where he was sitting. Taking a swim now and then, he had an air mattress and floated on the water laying on his back and peeing as high as possible eventually directing the stream towards his own mouth when he heard something. He did not know what it was, maybe someone hitting his head or something. He stayed quiet and listened; he heard some soft noise from where the fence was. Slowly as to not startle whoever was there, he paddled to the edge of the pool, climbed out and pretended walking to his mattress, instead he walked around the pool and walked towards the fence but not toward the spot he had heard the noise coming from. In that way, if someone was spying on him, they, he or she could not see him coming towards them.

Rob stayed against the fence and with his back against the fence he slowly and softly moved towards the spot, watching out he did not get any splinters in his back of course

He moved his head down towards the crack in the wood at least where he remembered it was when he had been watching Kim before her coming out. He looked through the crack and looked straight into someone's eye. That eye grew in size and became so big from shock that he Rob thought it would pop out! A screech, a yell! The face with eye that it belonged to fell backwards. The person yelled from pain, Rob looked again and saw a naked person lying on the ground. It was the neighbor's wife, of course they lived there so no illegal harm done, but they were almost never home and now they were and discovered the crack in the wood! Gone privacy, what a bummer! They were probably ridicule them or call the police for exhibitionism or something like that and drive Kim and Rob out of town, all kinds of panicky thoughts crossed his mind.

The woman, not bad looking actually, was naked and lying on her back and sobbing a bit and stroking her face, she had some scratches from the scrubs that came back after she let go of the branches.

«Are you alright neighbor?» Rob called out, «is there anything I can do, call a doctor if needed or get you something?» Rob went to get the little garden table, just strong enough to hold him and moved it up to the fence so he could look over to see if she needed some help.

He looked overshe was naked and she looked back at him «oops, I am ok, just some scratches, sorry I startled you, I was just doing the garden when I tripped and accidentally saw the crack». «Sure, no problem, hope I did not upset you being nude and all, I will put on some clothes and help you to get up» Rob said.

«Don't bother, look at me, I am nude also, do you think I would be upset to see you naked, and I really don't need help getting up, I am still young like you but if you want to come over to talk and have drink with me, you are welcome but it has to be in the nude because I am not going to dress up either, and my husband is in the house in the nude also, he will join us too.»

Rob replied «Well I am not sure if Kim would appreciate that, got to talk to her first, better she comes with me». «What are you talking about» the neighbor said, «nothing is going to happen, as a matter of fact I already talked to your wife a few days ago over the fence and yes she was nude and so was I, I came over and had a drink and a snack with your wife for an hour or so, it is not that we are complete strangers are we?»

And so, Rob walked around the fence introduced myself properly and her husband came out also, a nice guy it seems, in good shape and if I may remark, a nice looking cock, no Rob is not bisexual maybe but still looking and be jealous is ok, is it? The lady's name was Robin and her husband name was Don.

They sat down at the patio and had a beer and talked about little things. Rob asked «So Robin, did you enjoy watching».

«Well Rob, yes, Don and I have been watching a couple of times, also when Kim was here and when you and Kim both are here, to be honest, we found the crack a couple of weeks ago and have been viewing maybe three or four times and we loved it, actually we are not here that much because of our work and because this is our second home but in the last few weeks we really enjoyed coming back here because of what we saw, hope you don't mind» Robin said.

«Wow», Rob said, «This is all new to me, actually I don't mind if you enjoy it as much as Kim and I enjoy doing it, but I am not sure if Kim like's this or not, I will have to let you know».

«You know Rob, don't want to get ahead of things, but talk to Kim, when I talked to Kim last week we did talk a bit about hot things, and it wasn't just about the weather, actually she told me about the crack in the fence and that it should get mended, you never know who want to watch through it she said with a wink, so I took the hint». Robin mentioned.

«Things could change for the good» Rob thought, «Put things in a whole new perspective».

«Listen Rob, if things turn out to be fun? You guys have pool, we don't put we could put one in but you fancy your privacy and so do we, but we can all fancy our privacy together, do you know what I mean? We don't have to hide, take maybe the fence away, make one big play garden, maybe renewing the pool together, I see BBQ possibilities, vegetable garden, a bar, whatever.» Robin continued «Ok maybe I am moving too fast but our homes and gardens are average, but in a nice location, we could make this, if we want, make this one big garden and we could have blast, I am not talking about swinging or anything like that, but just be open and free, so what do you think Rob?»

«Sounds interesting Robin and Don, I will talk about with Kim, actually I am getting excited about it as I speak» Rob said. Robin wittingly replied, «Yes I can see that Rob, something has come up, don't be shy, just do what you do when we are not around, be free look at me!» Robin spread her legs and let loose, moving her hips and pee flying everywhere. Don dropped to his knees and started slurping away.

«See Rob, that is what I mean, shocked? We have seen you two doing it and we were shocked at first, sure, but now we are addicted also, go on Rob, let us see How well you can pee in your own mouth, show us» Robin said.

She was getting wild, peeing all over Don, putting her hand under her pussy and cupping it and drinking from her hand. Don came up with his mouth completely full and planted a kiss on Robin's mouth, sharing the drink that is produced, little streams from her mouth when she could not swallow it quickly enough.

Rob had a throbbing hardon by now and barely managed to get it down a bit and started peeing also, pointing is cock up towards his chest and let go. He peed on his tongue and started lapping like animals do at the lake sometimes. Don stood up and pointing his cock at Robin and let loose.

Rob realized that Kim might be home anytime soon and better start cleaning up and start cooking. Still he was unsure of how Kim would react if being caught in this situation.

«Don, Robin, I am horny as hell, I have to go, sorry, can't stand this any longer and don't want to wank here now, got to prepare before Kim comes home and think of how I am coming up with a story and your suggestions, I have a way of bringing this to her, sure, but just give us a couple of days to think about it.»

Rob ran home, jumped in the pool, came out, turned on the garden hose and cleaned the patio, bringing the pitcher and glass to the dishwasher in the kitchen and started preparing a meal. Rob loved cooking, Kim enjoyed preparing oriental food, sushi and so on and Rob loved to cook Italian, Indian and Mexican food, and yes ok, as well as she as he, occasional spike it up with an extra ingredient without telling each other before hand and they have to try to guess.

Wow Rob was excited, first if Kim came home they would have pee session right away, before or during the meal in the garden and the neighbors might watch but Rob was not mentioning that to Kim now, maybe later. Rob thought of a way to check if Kim was up to sex in the presence of others, «Peesearch' would be the ultimate polling place for that!

