Pissing girl to Pissing girlfriend - Part 1

2nd October 2006, 09:43 PM

Author: Desperate4Pee

Location: Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 3

Hi I come on this site for some time now reading the realy nice stories. I decided registering because of what happened a few weeks ago. I split it up in a few stories, because it's quite long (O, yeah by the way, sorry for my bad Englisch)

A few weeks ago when I retured from college to home. It was frighday about 6 PM, so my weekend started. I was sitting in the bus waiting to leave, when I saw a nice blonde girl running across the busstation, towards our bus, wich was ready to leave right now. She managed to get in the bus just in time and the diver closed the door behind her. She sat down next to me, on oneof the few emty seas of the bus. I started chatting to her, she lived in a little village somewhat further then my city. I felt so lucky chatting hith her, I didn't know jet that I was going to be far more lucky .

After driving abaout ten minutes, when we were just turnng onto the highway, I noticed she had her legs squeezed tightly together. It was shure she was desperate for a pee. The trip costs at least an hour and a half with some luck, and when there is some trafic jam the can be two thour's. Because it was rush-hour now I know it was going to take some longer to get home, no problem for me at all, I'm used to it, but I was shure the girl next to me wasn't able to hold her pee for such a long time. I pretended reading the news paper, but actualy I was waching her.

After about 15 minutes of squirming in desperation, she wasn't able to hold it anymore. She let out a little scream of embarecement, and put her hand on her mout immediately, trying to get no attention of other people. The pee first start dripping out of her jeans onto the seat. but soon there was a huge stream comming out of her jeans, streaming downwards on the floor, where it created a huge puddle. At this moment you could see on her face it was a great releave for her. I was still pretenting I didn't noticed anything, even when I felt the pee was soaking my shoos.

After peeing for about a minute she was able to regain her control, and noticed what happend to her. She started tooking around nervously to check nobody has seen her. Lucky for her nobody has seen her, atleast she thougt, but I had seen every drop of pee comming out of her. Then I could see her tears in her eyes, probably for a mix of embarecement and the fraight of beeing cougt. Then I decited it wass time for me to pretend noticing what was going on. So I Looked up of my paper, and looked at the puddle on the floor, "searched" where it came form. I could see in her eyes now she was realy affraid of the reaction I was going to make, probably thinking I was mad and would scream so hard to her that the whole bus would hear it.

In stead of schreaming I put my hand on her leg and told her not to worry, it sometimes happens to all of us isn't it?

Then I put my arm around her trying to calm down her a bit. It troughly worked, it even seemed she liked me, and put her head on my shoulder. We were chatting tto each oher the whole way home, sitting in the huge puddle of her pee. She told me she wasn't able to go home this was, because of the reaction of her mother and sister, wich were home at the moment she arrived in our city. So I offered her to come over to my place, and washing her clothes. My mum and sister are on vacantion until

Wednesday (or should I say wetness day ) next week so We had all the time for it.

When we reached our stop, i gave her my coat to tie it around her hips, so nobody else would notice the nice wet spot in her jeans. We walked to my home, when she asked me how far it wsa, because she had to pee badly agan. I told her it was not so far any more, and took the first road on the left, and yes, my house wasn't that was, but just the opposite direction of it. After a little walk she was jumping up and down in real desperation, I decited to walk straight homewards now. When we arrived i searched for my key's when she was doing a nice pee-pee dance.

Luckily she has never been in my house, because I just met her, and because of that she didn't know where the toilets are, if she did she would have runned towards it directly. I took of my coat of her hips and put it on the coat rack. I saw the wet spot had dried up well, while we were taking a walk home. I walked towards the radio, and she followed me. I swiched it on, doing as much as possible leaving her n state of desperation. Then we walked up, but half-way the stairs, she lost her control slowly, so the pee drippled out of her jeans, and left a nice wet sign forom half way she stairs towards the washing-machine.

Then she lost control completely again, peeing a huge stream thrugh her jeans. I took off her jeans and panties while she was peeing. She has an nice hairless pussy, wich was hissing loudly splashing the pee on the floor. Sadly she regained control again, and she appologised for making such a mess in my house. Now I stripped all her clothes off and put them in the machine. I gave her an hug and soon we started kissing. My finger slowlyy sid down to her pussy, and wiped of the dripples of pee from it. I put my finger in mymouth to taste it, this wasn't bad at all, and I started rubbing her pusy.

Because she didn't totaly finish her pee jet, she told me she had to pee again, on a way it made me beleve she was starting to like it. I stated licking her, and soon the pee started streaming out of her again. I swallowed every drop of it, exept the last mouth-full of piss. Now I started to kiss her again with my mouth full of her own pee. And had some more sex.

Afterwards I put my clothes in the machene too and switched it on.

We went downstairs to make some food, when we heard on the news there was a huge trafic jam on the road from my scool back home. This gave me a good idea, and so, she called her parents she was staying n her appatent nearby school, since she couldn't get home because of the trafic jam.

Now we had the whole weekend for ourselves. After the, still nude, dinner we went to the TV to wach some films and drink beer. Because of all the beer we soon both had to pee, but hold on as long as possible. It soon turned out to an hold-it contest, and didn't pay any attention to the film any more.

We started with these basic rules of the game:

- You may NOT use your hands on to help yourself holding on

- You may not close your legs tightly for holdin on, there has allways to be some space between your legs

- You may not press on the bladder of your opponent

We started kissing in desperation, untill she told me she almost couldn't hold it any more. I helped her to hold on for some longer by pressing with my hand on her vagina, wich helped her a bit controlling her bladder.

We kissed some more until i felt some warm liquid trough my fingers. She couldnt hold t any more and pissed forcefully on the bench we sat/lay on. The pee made a huge patch on the banch and made a huge puddle under it. It looked like she peed more then the beer she had been drinking. When she eventually stopped peeing the banch, floor and me were totally wet. Only she was almost dry, wich I thought was so unfair, so I started peeing all over her. Soon she was totally soaked, her long blonde hair looked like she was just comming out of a pool. Then we wached the rest of the movie, and drank much beer, in her case too much.

When we were both tired I carried her upstairs, because she wasn't able to stand on her feeds anymore. I lay her down on the bed, and got some water to drink for her, to reduce the headache next morning(and the more liquid goes in, the more has to come out, isn't it?). I put the glass on my study-desk and went back to my bed, here I saw she was already fall asleep, in these few seconds. I got into the bed too, and went to leep too, with this beautifull, blonde, wet, nude girl in my arms.

