Caught- Part 2

19th January 2013, 09:18 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Continued from "Caught" (part 1)

%$/community/...ead.php?t=54324

Caught- part 2

###

I went to college at a local community college, as I wanted to be close to home. I got an apartment literally a block from my family's home.

I lived there for about a month when I saw my old neighbor at the apartments. Turns out she lived there. She immediately recognized me and said 'hi.' She introduced herself again as Katie. I almost forgot her name, but i could not forget what happened that day when she saw me a couple years earlier with wet pants cause I couldn't hold it walking behind my house! She gave me a towel and was so cool about what happened, and although I never really talked to her after that, I never forgot now nice she was.

So, naturally i felt so emabarrassed again, but in a weird way so comfortable around her. I just said "well, at least you get to meet me now and my pants are dry! (laughs)" And she laughed and said "...you know what? Peeing your pants ain't as bad as you'd think-its sort of just letting loose and it happens! It's even sort of a thrill ride of sorts (laughs)."

Strange, something about her really just seemed attractive to me, and maybe I didn't notice before, or maybe she just made feel comfortable in such an embarrassing situation- I started to feel an intimate connection with her. I had been struggling with my own feelings/thoughts for a few years and although I had not been in a lesbian relationship, I had dated a girl a year prior. So my mind raced at the possibility I found 'the one,' and i'd probably be exploring things with a woman I had not ever done before...but this is before I really knew her, and this was all so uncertain.

She was probably older- But not by much, I couldn't tell. She just had a great smile, pretty eyes and the prettiest long dark hair. I was overwhelmed by how much I actually found myself wanting to stare at this woman who I don't even know. She said "...you live here?" I said "yes." and she told me "...get out! I like you, we should hang out!." She told me she had to run to the store..she said something about a party later. I saw her drive off in her beat-up maroon Nissan. Around the license plate border was a rainbow sticker. I about died. So, I was thinking she's probably lesbian, and i found that a real charge at that moment.

I was at home watching TV, still getting things unpacked because I am a procrastinator! I hear a knock on the door and it's Katie. She brought me a bag of chocolate and said "Welcome to the neighborhood!" We talked for a bit and I invited her in. She told me that her out of town friends finked out on her. She was going to have a party at her apartment. "I bought all this food and alcohol and I even have incense!," Katie said. "What do think about coming over- we can just be silly, play cards, listen to some good tunes..?? I might see if I can get some people over, but if you are stuck with just me is that a problem?," Katie asked.

I started blushing like crazy. I couldn't tell if she noticed, but I think she did. While waiting for a response from me, she just sort of smiled and looked at me like "I know something." It was awkward, but I knew I was heading into something that could change my life for sure. But it was all sort of surreal. I actually felt like Katie was trying to flirt with me, but it was probably nothing- but in my gut I knew it was really NOT just 'nothing....' "Party starts at 9:00, you know where I live..." Katie said. She write down the apartment numbers.

So, I went inside my apartment, got someting to eat...I started to 'get ready' for the party. I actually put on makeup- like I was going on a date or something! "This is crazy," I thought. I put on perfume. I sprayed a little on my top and even downstairs. My mind paced. I went to the store and got her a gift since she was so kind to be my friend in a new apartment.

So...9:00 came, I went to Katie's. I gave Katie her bottle of strawberry wine with a thank you card. "awww, that's so sweet...thank you," she said. I think she already had a few drinks, but she was not drunk, just very bubbly and I found that cute. And again my mind paced. ...

To be continued...

