Reality Fetish Get Together - Part 2

14th December 2010, 06:35 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

OK, as promised, part 2:

Please read aprt one posted Monday am early.

Several months ago Josh and I made plans to get together with Chad and Sara and Amy and Hunter for a "reunion" weekend of reminiscing and renewing old friendships. Chad, Sara and Amy were classmates in my Sexaulity class back in college. Hunter went to the same college but was not in this class. He married Amy shortly after graduation. Chad is now a dentist and is practicing in mid Ohio. Sara works in the IT field for a large insurance company. They have been married two months longer than Josh and myself. Hunter who was downsized is presently working in the retail field even tho his major is in education. Any is a teacher in a private religious school in a Columbus suburb.

We all had gotten together earlier this summer along with others from our class for a dinner and a fun evening renewing old friendships. For some reason the six of us seemed to hit it off fairly well. Back in college the four of us (Josh and Hunter were not in our class and hence not in our circle of friends at that time).

I'm really not trying to confuse you with details, honest. Anyhow we all traveled to Columbus and booked rooms at one of the nicer extended stay hotels so we could spent Saturday evening together. Josh and I arrived and checked in about 2:30. The first thing we did was to check the room for bedbugs as Ohio has a major problem with them. Fortunately we found none as did our friends.

The six of us met in the lobby at 4:00 pm and decided on a nice resteraunt for dinner. The resteraunt was crowded which gave us fits as we couldnt have any discussion about sex or fetishes for fear of being overheard by those seated nearby. We confined our conversation to Jobs, politics, family (Chad and Sara have a __ year old and are trying for #2) and other vanila subjects. After we returned to the hotel we all changed into comfortable clothes, jeans and sweat shirts. We started out in our room as it had more seating then the others did.

As we had previously agreed we all shared intimate details about our sex lives. Josh and I explained we are nudists (although everyone knew already). We told everyone when they visited us at our home - hopefully for our next reunion - that Josh and I would be nude. This of course brought on many questions about comfort during the winter (we turn the heat way up), embararsing situations when someone stops over unannounced (I keep a long dark Tee shirt near each door and Josh heeps a pair of shorts there also).

We also answered questions about being nude in front of family, unwanted erections, monthly periods, sunburn, nosy neighbors, and a host of other questions. Josh and I shared details as to the number of times a week we enjoy sex, positions we enjoy, and perversions we enjoy namely Golden Showers and period sex. (Can I say that here?) I added that I once had my breasts flogged and was going to try it again someday as soon as I'm ready. Maybe next year. Unknown to me as I was talking about turning up the heat during the winter Chad managed to turn up the heat in our room. Josh added a few things I forgot to mention, namely how I am always giving him hand jobs or BJ's "just because".

Amy and Hunter talked next and sghared setaila of their sex lives: sex about 4 times a week, he likes her on top, they love oral and anal, and she likes to be spanked barehanded. They love rollplay and sometimes devote their entire weekend to this. She likes to be seen in skimpy bikini's and often changes in the car where Hunter manages to accidently leave a door open where she can be seen by passers by. Amy someday wants to try mild BDSM but is not into the humiliation aspect at all. Hunter admitted he would love for her to be tied up in full view of others. Golden Showers holds no special appeal to either of them. She prefers Hunter not to be in the bathroom when shes using the toilet. Neither of them run around the house naked unless its immediately before or right after sex.

Chad and Sara enjoy sex about 6 times a week, this in addition to frequent BJ's (she swallows). Whe she gives him a HJ she aims for her breasts but hates when he cums on her face. Both like oral, he loves anal more that she does but shes good at prostate masage. They tried Golden Showers and wern't really turned on, but she will wet her clothing on occasion as a turn on for him. Both have peed at concerts in the nearby proximity to others out of necessity.

Sara added she would have no problem getting out of a hottub, peeing nearby in view of others and jumping right back in. Chad noted he can't pee with an erection. Sara asked us if we ever tried pee enema's (no we havent, yet). Both want to expand their sex lives and experiment more but they are unsure which direction to go. Sara has never been spanked as a means of a turn on and admitted that was a possibility.Chad and Sara sleep naked and don't bother with clothes between showering and bedtime. Neither is ready to get naked with others at this point tho although both admit they would love to "try it once".

After about an hour of talking back and forth I noticed it was really hot in the room. Chad confessed he turned up the heat with hopes that Josh and I might get naked since we are nudists. I explained we did not wish to offend anyone and we never got naked unkess we were with other nudists or close friends who were all ok with it. Sara said she would be ok with us getting naked and she promised not to stare at Josh for more than 45 minutes.

Hunter admitted he would love to see me naked. Amy was hesitant but recalled she had no poblems with college masturbation parties after a couple of beers. Hunter and Chad left immediately for the beverage store across the street! We watched the news on the TV while they were gone, Both returned shortly with two six packs and a variety of pop and juice. Chad remembered I once told him I was in AA due to several incidents in my second year of college. At this time I told everyone about my alcohol problem and I admitted to being sober for well over 4 years. I laughingly told them I find pee a pleasnt substitute for beer. (Thats not 100% true, but it did evoke a laugh).

As I began to explain to our friends about my alcohol problem and how it just about ruined my life I stood up and removed my shirt. Next I sat down and took off my shoes and socks. I stood up again, turned my back to everyone and lowered my jeans revealing the fact I wore no underware. Turning aroind I approached Josh ad undressed him shoes and socks included. By this time I was finished with my AA story. Immediately the questions came, was I uncomfortable undressing in full view of friends. (No never) How did I feel knowing Chad and Hunter were staring at me.(I admitted I loved it and moved right in front of them so they could see better). Was I ever uncomfortable because I was small breasted. Only for a short while, years ago) Had I ever considered breast agmentation surgery. (No never) How long had I been shaved. (Ever since I could). Do all nudists remove all pubic hair. (No, its a personal decision). Did - or do -I shave Josh (At times, yes).

I then inquired how many others were shaved or trimmed. Amy and Sara are bare, Chad and Hunter both trim a bit. Finally I sat down while Chad and Sara answered more questions followed by Hunter and Amy. After a bit we popped in a DVD I had borrowed from my moms neighbors but we couldnt get it to play. We decided to go to Chad and Sara's room as it was right nextdoor. Josh dared me not to get dressed and I took him up on it, waiting till Chad had the door unlocked first. We got the DVD to work and watched the whole thing. It was an introduction to BDSM which showed most aspects of that fetish. About midnight I had to pee and headed to the bathroom.

As I was about to close the door Amy asked if they could watch since Josh and i enjoy it so much. Josh "volunteered" to help demonstrate by having me straddle his face but the bathtub was so small and we could not possibly get six people in the bathroom. We all decided to go down and check out the hottub incase nobody was there. i streaked back to our room and dressed in a black bra and panties. We all met by the hottub and took off our sweats and jumped in wearing only underware. the other couple in there in swimsuits seeing we were all together decided to leave.

I thought they would never leave as by now i was bursting to pee, while still inthe hottub i removed the bra and panties and told Josh to get on the floor, As he did he removed his shorts. I straddled his face and let go, flooding Josh and the floor. Fortunately we were over a florodrain. Josh headed -still naked - to the nearby shower and rinsed off while I jumped back in the hottub. We stayed there for a good hour talking more and asking each other questions. Josh and I stayed naked but we both kept our clothing in the water with us in case someone came in. At about 2:00 am we returned to our rooms. Josh and I had terrific sex as did the others we later learned.

Sunday AM we all met for breakfast and planned our next gettogether. After we ate and returned to our room where we shared details about the sex we had after we returned to our rooms. Next time we agreed to meet at our home in Cleveland where we can hottub in private and even shower together if we choose. Heck, we can do anything we want.

Everyone admitted they are looking foreward to our next gettogether which will be in the early summer.

Sorry for rambling on, but it was a rather long evening.

More later, Emily

