Friends share wet lesbian experience

12th December 2014, 07:41 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

My girlfriend Beth called me one evening very upset and stressed out. She confides in me about her failing marriage, and how she is about to go through a divorce. Just going through a divorce myself, I totally understand what she is going through and how she feels. I listened to her rant and let her vent for about an hour. At that point she had calmed down significantly. We begin talking about old times and things we used to do when we were young. As we reminisced, we giggled and both said wow... If we could do things like that now a days, we probably wouldn't be so stressed. I mentioned planning a girls night out. We both agreed that's just what we needed and we started planning it.

Since both our ex-husbands had their kids weekend this weekend. We decided on this Saturday would be perfect. . We agreed on booking a hotel room so we wouldn't have to drink and drive. Late Friday night, Beth called and suggested we leave early in the morning and make a whole day/night of it. Of course, I thought that a great idea. We decided I would pick her up at 9 am and head up to the city. Our destination was about an hour and half away. We stopped at the gas station to fill the gas and get some snacks and drinks for the road. We both grabbed a 54 ounce big gulp. I immediately knew how this was going to go.

We got back in the car, and started on our way. The trip started out smooth for the first 30 minutes. Suddenly traffic was almost to a stand still. We figured it was a accident, it would be cleaned up, and we would soon be on our way. After waiting about 30 minutes in almost stand still traffic, we decided to roll down our window and ask the people beside what was going on. They answered with a laugh... Well today there is two major sporting events, a concert and it's light up night. Then they proceed to say.... Hope your prepared for a long wait, it's going to be like this all the way into the city.

Right about then, we both realized maybe the big gulps weren't such a good idea. We now had to pee. We started looking around for a spot we could sneek off to, but we were stuck in two lanes of deadlock traffic on a major highway. There wasn't a tree, bush or object anywhere we could squat behind. At first, it was a bit funny, and gradually our situation became more and more serious. After about 25 minutes and a lot of giggling, now we are both very desperate to pee.

I'm wiggling and bouncing in my seat, rubbing my crotch, trying to subside my overwhelming urge to let go. As my urge continued to grow, I started feeling very aroused. Quickly the arousal was getting more and more intense. I was about to burst. I couldn't keep this feeling to myself any longer. I looked over at Beth, and muttered out the words... Oh my god....being this full, is making me incredibly horny. She stiffened up in her seat, put her hand under her pussy and said oh my god... You too?, I thought I was a freak or something. We both about to burst, tried hard not to laugh. In fear of the laughing would cause is to wet ourselves.

Now very desperate, we grab one of the big gulp cups, pour out the little bit of soda that was left. This cup is our last resort. I hold the cup and tell Beth to lift up off her seat and pull down her shorts and panties, so I can put the cup under her. Anxious to finally get to release that pent up pee, she quickly follows my request. With her legs spread and pussy completely exposed, I slowly slide the cup beneath her. As I am placing it into position, accidentally on purpose, I rub my fingers up her pulsating pussy lips. I feel her body tense up and quiver.

My touch must have felt good, because she immediately grabbed my hand and guided it back to her lips. I knew exactly how she was feeling and exactly what she needed and wanted so bad. I'm definitely ready and willing to fulfill her every need. I only got to caress her pussy for a short moment, before she reached for my head. Once she had my head in her grip, she started pulling me close to her. She paused with c my head resting in her lap, then she whispered... " please eat my pussy.. Please."

Without delay, I lower down, softly running my tongue down her abdomen until finally reaching that sweet little pussy. Beth was so aroused with the situation, she exploded into orgasm within minutes. Soaking the front seat with her juices. The moment became so hot, we totally forgot about the cars surrounding us. As we start to gather ourselves, we notice we have somewhat of an audience. Somewhat embarrassed, we move back into our seats, trying not to make any eye contact with any of the onlookers. We continue to wait in traffic for another 20 minutes or so before traffic started moving. We talk about how hot that episode was.

As soon as we get in our room, I jump in the shower. Just as I close my eyes and put shampoo in my hair, I feel Beth's naked body brush up against mine. Wow... This is crazy!! This girls night is definitely going to be wild and one to remember. She started caressing my body all over. Then she leaned in, kissed me deeply and whispered to me.... Don't forget, I owe you one. I smiled at her with an ornery smile, she started to walk away. She turned around and said meet me on the bed when you are done showering. Just the thought, was arousing me immensely.

Needless to say i finished my shower as fast as possible. I hopped out, briefly and halfway dried off my body. Rubbed a bit of lotion all over, and headed out to the bed. The room was very dim, as I start to lay down on the bed, I notice Beth sitting in the chair. She was totally naked, laying back, and rubbing her pussy. I guess what she was about to do, was making her quite horny. Laying there quiet as possible, I just watch her pleasure herself.

Watching her, is turning me on immensely. I can't help but to touch myself also. In the dimness, I could not only see her pussy was very wet, I could hear the slooshing sounds as she stroked herself. We both pleasures ourselves for about another five minutes or so, and finally Beth joined me in the bed. As she slid up the bed, she gently ran her hands up my inner legs and thighs. Once she arrived up to the very top, she stops just shy of touching my very excited, needy little pussy.

She positions herself perfectly between my legs. She then puts a hand on each of my inner thighs. Gently, but firmly, she spreads my legs wide and just stares at my totally wet, exposed pussy. I enjoy watching her stare, and anxiously await her next move. She stared for what seemed like an eternity, but in reality it was only a few moments. Finally, I felt the first stroke of her tongue.... Oh my!!Her tongue felt so good, like cool silk on my hot pussy. Wow, the saying was true... A woman eating your pussy was so sensual, so erotic, sot hot.

This is her first time doing this, but wow... I think it's the best I've ever had. I was so aroused and turned on and my bladder was super full and ready to explode. I know it's going to be long before I lose control and orgasm my juicy juices all over Beth. With that thought going through my mind, I quickly mutter to her... Oh my god... I'm gonna cum, and if you don't wanna get soaked...

You better move fast. Without a thought... She replied.. I don't mind, please soak me down. Hearing those words come out of mouth... Pushed me over my limit. I felt myself tense up, then my whole body quivered and shook uncontrollably. I gasped for one last breath of air, and without notice, I was squealing out of control with insane pleasure.

Wow.. What an experience. We lay cuddled up together for about an hour just talking about what just happened and how hot it was. We both agreed... There should be be more to come when we get back from our big night out.

