Up close and personal in Kims' Apartment

15th March 2006, 01:34 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

....This is the sequel to the previous post. After 29 years, the dialogue is necessarily approximate - though I have pretty good recall of the sequence of events.

....After we had cleaned up, we got dressed again, locked the flat and walked "round the corner" into the town centre. By now it was early evening and it was time for something to eat....and to drink.

Neither of us had a lot of money to spare and if I recall correctly, we decided to go to a pizza place that had recently opened on the main street (a pizza place was quite a trendy place to be seen in provincial Britain in the mid - to - late 70's!).

We made the pizza last as long as possible and then walked further up the main street, turning off and finding a pub in which Kim's brother used to drink. I ordered a pint of Ansells: I can't really remember what Kim had but probably Babycham (!). We met Kim's brother (he shared a place with some mates, elsewhere in town) and played dominoes for a while; after finishing our drinks we said our goodbyes and walked slowly back to the flat, needing to be reasonably early so I could get home afterwards at a sensible time. Even though I was normally away at Uni, the idea of me spending a night with my girlfriend at her place when I should otherwise have been at home would have been taboo as far as my parents were concerned. A case of "what the eye doesn't see"!

Even though we had made love earlier, it was fairly obvious that we would do so again, not least so we could do it without rushing. Back at the flat, Kim made coffee, and we took it into the bedroom. She then locked the doors to the other rooms before locking us in, creating a deliciously heightened sense of anticipation. Being summer, it was warm and Kim opened the window. The front of the old house looked out over the park and the river - a very pleasant view in daytime but perhaps less inviting at night! Thus the room was not overlooked and the fact that the light was on in a third floor room caused no problem. We both quickly undressed and climbed into bed: it was very old and soft and helpfully, we both rolled into the middle.

The bed covers were thrown back and we began kissing and touching each other: neither of us had been to the loo since getting back from the pub and I guessed that Kim would need to pee before too long. I wasn't to be disappointed!

With my middle finger inside her slick pussy, I could feel she was tight.

Kim: "I really like this....it gives me a lovely feeling being touched when I need to go....but if I don't go I'll end up wetting the bed when I come".

As before, the consequences of wetting the bed would have been very difficult to manage back then. Nothing more needed to be said - whilst we both knew that getting to the stage where it happened would be very exciting, Kim didn't want to have to deal with a wet mattress!

Me: (touching Kim's pussy) "Do you want me to get the bowl from the kitchen again?"

Kim: (gently rubbing my erection) "No....the old chamber pot's under the bed. When I saw Mum about to throw it out I thought it might come in useful. I've used it a few times! It's much better than having to go downstairs in the middle of the night...and there's a green towel in the wardrobe".

Me: (rolling off and groping under the bed for the chamber pot) "Can I watch?"

Kim: "Yes....I'm glad you like this, I was so worried all those times we were doing it in my bedroom, I was bursting to go and wanted you to go on touching me but I was much too embarrassed to tell you".

Me: (chamber pot in hand) "How do you want to do this?"

Kim (touching herself) "Not sure....get the towel out of the wardrobe in case I miss".

I located the towel and padded back to the bed, climbing straight back in. The bed was so soft that it was going to be difficult for Kim to find a stable position. Kim knelt on the bed and I wedged the pot between her spread knees. Rather boldly, I told her I couldn't see: she laughed and told me to lie down on my back. With rising excitement (and erection) I did so: Kim spread the towel over my chest and then straddled me. She balanced the pot on my chest - it was a bit precarious but as I could see I was going to have the most fantastic view of proceedings, I was hardly going to complain!

Kim's knees sank into the bed each side of me, making the chamber pot too high to get her pussy over, so Kim grabbed the spare pillows, folded them double and wedged them under her knees to raise herself. That seemed to do the trick and she leaned back, spreading her legs wide. By raising my head I could see her neat pussy in graphic detail, just above the rim of the pot - I wanted to reach out to touch (and lick!) but couldn't. Her neat inner lips were quite red and spread open a little: I could also see some bits she had missed with the razor!

Me: "Wow....that's incredible...."

Kim: "It isn't very comfortable... I can't believe I'm doing this....I'm dying to pee and now it won't come".

Me: (curious as usual) "Where does it actually come out?)

Kim: (propping herself on one arm and reaching with her other hand) "Just here...." (she put her index finger just inside her inner labia and pulled up a little)

I could see her tummy muscles flexing and as she rubbed, a couple of droplets of urine dripped into the chamber pot....that was enough and a dribble followed.

The dribble ran back over her bottom and I could feel a warm spot forming on the towel as it missed the pot. As Kim continued to rub, a narrow jet of wee squirted out almost sideways, hitting the edge of the pot. Kim sighed, adjusted her finger and managed to direct the jet back downwards - it became a wide hissing stream, powerful and very noisy as it splashed first on the china and then into the rapidly forming pool of liquid. The aroma was quite strong - the whole experience was incredibly sensual and arousing but my attempts to manouevre a hand to my erect penis were unsuccessful!

After a few seconds her stream stopped as quickly as it started and after a couple more trickles the show was over. Kim became a little embarrassed but as we hugged and kissed again the passion soon returned and we made love very tenderly, although it didn't last long.

I'm sorry to have to admit that my timing has never been brilliant - I'm usually either just a little early for my lady (when focusing too much on my own pleasure) or just too late (having been focusing on her pleasure). On that occasion I was too early (hardly surprising, really) and once again Kim had to resort to her fingers.

We lay in each others' arms for a while: but time was marching on. By this time I needed to pee, too: I put the chamber pot on the chair and added my offering: while Kim watched from the bed, it wasn't the same turn on for her watching me as it was for me watching her.

All too soon I was dressed again and outside the front door, unlocking the bike from the railings for the journey home. It was uphill most of the way but I didn't care, as once again I had that incredible feeling of elation.

And still there's more....the next one will be about a camping trip, where we found somewhere for Kim to let go without having to worry about wetting the bed. I have just realised I have the sequence wrong - but it doesn't really matter...

