Social Norms

23rd August 2017, 12:36 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

MUST you go already?

Few social taboos seem to have more persistence than talking about wanting to go to the lavatory. Considering that everyone in the world has to have a wee, is seems curious that the subject is still considered "Not quite NICE" in polite circles.

Quite apart from any obsessive interest, even the normal need has its problems. Most girls visiting a district they were unfamiliar with would have to be in pretty dire straits to stop a passing stranger and ask for directions to the nearest lavatory. In the South of England particularly, to knock on someones door and ask to go to the lavatory is pretty well unthinkable, though Northerners are a bit more relaxed about it. Down here if a stranger asked to use your lavatory you'd suspect they were out to steal something!

One curious aspect of this particular taboo first came to my notice when I was with my parents on our way to relatives. I casually remarked that I wanted to have a wee. My father said,

«Oh… Right, we'd better look for a lavatory.»

«Well, we're only about 10 minutes from Uncle Fred's house, I can hold myself that long.»

«Oh no, you mustn't do that.»

«Do what?»

«You can't just go to someone's house and straight away ask to go to the lavatory.»

«Why not?»

«Well… You just DON'T, it's not polite, you deal with that sort of thing before you get there.»

«How long would I have to hold myself?»

«Oh… No exact time… A couple of hours or so, I suppose.»

I assured him holding myself THAT long was NOT an option! We duly found a lavatory and continued our journey.

A year or so later one of my aunts visited me, expecting to find my parents at home. I told her they were out and might be an hour or two. She opted to wait for them, I made a pot of tea and we just sat chatting. I soon noticed the well-known signs… Aunt Clara crossed her legs, then every few minutes crossed them the other side, casting an anxious glance at the clock. She was slightly squirming on her chair, trying not to make it obvious. Now and then she unconsciously clenched her lower lip between her teeth and sucked in a quick breath through her mouth.

I pretended not to notice, just enjoying the thought that she was obviously dying to have a wee and conventions ruled that she had to just sit there and hold herself, she mustn't ask to go to the lavatory for quite a while yet. Finally, about one hour into the Sacred Two, Nature, aided by two cups of tea, won the day. After another more obvious squirm Aunt Clara blushed and she said, very quietly and apologetically, with a slight hesitation,

«Could I... go to the... toilet, please?»

«Yes, I'll show you where it is.» Which, of course, gave me the excuse to stay close to the lavatory and listen to her having a wee… And have a wee she certainly did, judging by the 'sound effects' she must have been absolutely BUSTING! She obviously had no choice really, it was either the embarrassment of asking to go to the lavatory so soon or the ultimate disaster of a puddle on the floor!

That's really the end of the matter, I went back downstairs while Aunt Clara was washing her hands. Eventually my parents arrived and there was, of course, no mention of the subject!

There WERE the odd occasions when a visitor asked to go to the lavatory soon after arriving. Who knows how far they'd traveled or whether the route offered any lavatories. Naturally my parents let them go, it would be unthinkable to refuse outright, but the reply would be something like,

«Oh… Er… Yes, of course, upstairs, last door on the left.» Request granted, but something in the tone of voice carried an unspoken,

«What, ALREADY?.. Oh well, OK, if you really MUST go.»

Looking back now, it strikes me as particularly odd as my parents were both East Enders and had a pretty robust attitude to most things!

I've discussed it with quite a few people over the years, some seem puzzled, shrug and say something like,

«Never heard of that. If I need to go I just politely ask to go, why ever not?» but the majority say,

«Oh no, you can't just ask straight away in someone else's home, it's not nice.»

What do you think? Would you ask to go to the lavatory immediately? Would you feel put out if a visitor did that in your house?

