A key to pleasure

20th February 2008, 11:12 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

I met this girl a couple of months back. Her name was Amy. She was a white girl 23 years old, 4'10" tall about 110 pounds with blonde hair and bright blue eyes. Very beautiful girl.

We met at a book store where I accidently bumped into her in the magazine isle. I apologized and helped her pick up her books. I asked if I could make it up to her by buying her a drink at the starbucks in the book store. She said sure and smiled.

We walked over to the coffee shop and I had a cappuchino (my favorite) and she had the same thing. We got a table and started talking, just making little chit chat or small talk and the subject came up about girl friends and boy friends.

As it turns out we were both single. At this point I got a little more brave and asked her if she would like to accompany me to a comedy club that weekend. She agreed, which made me happy.

We chatted for a little while longer before we exchanged numbers and said our good byes.

When the night came, I met her at the club about an hour before the showtime. I had tickets to the late show so we sat at the bar talking and had a couple of drinks before going in. The date went pretty much like a normal date so I won't bore you with the details there. Toward the end of the show she was squirming around in her chair and told me she had to go pee. I asked her if she wanted me to go with her to the bathroom and she said she didn't want to leave b/c the show was almost over. I said ok and she just looked at me and said thank you for understanding.

Well the show went for about another 15 mins or so and when it ended she got up and tried to run to the bathroom. When I got there, she grabbed me and said that she couldn't wait b/c the lines were too long. She asked if we find somewhere close by and fast. Well it was about 12:30 so you can imagine that there wasn't much open at that time.

Well as luck would have it I only live about 5 mins from the club, so I suggested that we go to my place. She said that was fine with her, we just need to hurry.

Now I should mention that I had a pretty good hard on while she was dancing around and squirming while we walked out to my car. She said she would leave her car there and we could come back and get it later. I tried to hide my boner but she noticed anyway. She playfully said I'm glad that my cituation is making you feel good.

I said sorry, but you are very beautiful. She blushed and said thank you.

Well we got to my house and we went up to the door and but in my excitement,I fumbled too long with the key.

She was really desperate at this point, so she grabbed the keys out of my hands in a bend position.She was trying to find the right key, with one hand, while she had the other hand jammed in between her legs.

I got bolder in my hornyness, and said,-use both hands on the keys, and let me take care of the other part.

She looked puzzled, but before she could object, I had changed her hand between her legs hand with my own.

- Don't blame me if it gets wet,she said.

- Wetness have never scared me, I told her and laughed as I felt my her warm thighs around my hand.

Right after she finally found the right key. She straightened herself up, opened the door and took a small step, but stopped and crossed her legs.

She told me that she was going to wet herself is she moved another step.

I offered myself to carry her to the bathroom, and put my other hand around her,under her arms and pulled her to me.

She looked me into my eyes for a second and then she said, -fuck this.

With that she grabbed my head and kissed me hard on my mouth, as she whispered in my ear,- rub my pussy.

I did without any objections, just as she let go in her blue jeans with a powerfull hissing sound.

Wow, her pee felt so warm as it flowed through her jeans and over my hand and then down my leg since she was stratled over it. My hard on just doubled in size.

She kept kissing me and peeing for about a min (hell it might have been 10 seconds but it felt like an eternity) after the stream tapperd off,she broke the kiss and looked at me with a smile and looked at my raging hard on and said,- I'm glad you liked that.

I said I loved it and asked her if she had ever peed her pants before. She just smiled and said that she had done it a couple of times before.

- It turns me on. I usually don't pee for a guy or have sex on the first date, but this is a rare occasion .

She reached down and undid my zipper she slipped my cock into her mouth where it didn't take long for me to cum she said as she went down on me to surprise her and I did. I came in in her mouth and she swallowed every drop. After that we had wild sex most of the night, since I already came I was able to go at it for about two hours. After we wore ourselves out we drifted off to sleep in my very wet and messy bed. The next morning, I awoke to her laying on top of me smiling.

I asked what she was smiling at and she said- I'm ready for round two, as I felt somthing warm on my crotch and then realized that I heard a familiar hissing sound. Wow what a day that was the whole day we spent at my place and not once did either of us use the bathroom in the bathroom.

