Southern Belles (fiction)

26th November 2007, 08:56 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Maria honked the horn as she passed us and I saw Megan lean out of the window, raise her shirt, and flash us with her perfect medium sized breasts. She kept her shirt up and flashed some guys walking on the side of the road ahead of us. Suddenly blonde little Anna, who was seated next to me squealed loudly and began giggling hysterically. Warm humid air rushed into the car and I turned my head and glanced back over the seat. Tall voluptuous Emilee had her pants down, and her huge rear sticking out of the window mooning the guys as we passed.

"Wow!" Anna yelled and I straightened the car out of the swerve. The temptation to get a peek at Emilee's pussy had distracted me.

"Check out the fuckin' pentigram on the side of that barn. It's supposed to ward off evil demons or some fuckin' thing. Isn't that the fuckin' shits!" Emilee laughed

"Not if you're a fuckin' evil demon." Anna said in a mockingly serious voice.

Maria slowed as we passed the barn and I accelerated and passed her. I'd known Maria for almost two years. She'd been in a number of my classes and our friendship was casual. But I had a secret.. I had a huge huge crush on Maria. I couldn't explain it exactly. Yes she was a young and beautiful brunette but she was a little slimmer than most girls that I really find attractive. Emilee, on the other hand, had the sort of mind-numbing hourglass shape that caused me to go mute and stumble on my words whenever I tried to speak to her. But despite Emilee's erotic body she didn't captivate me the way Maria did. There was a certain intensity, or should I say passion, in Maria's eyes that had caught my attention and had taken ahold of my heart. Maria wasn't overtly religious but I'd seen a large leather book in her backpack a couple of times that had to be a bible. It was through my friendship with Maria that I'd met Anna, Meg, and Emilee.

I glanced to the right and found myself face-to-face with mischiveiously grinning Emilee who was leaning over the seat. I felt a lump in my throat as I turned back towards the road and I watched Emilee out of the corner of my eye wondering what she was up to.

Emilee leaned closer and put a cupped hand to my ear. "I'm going to eat every inch of your lucious cock with my dripping wet pussy... and I'll swallow it whole!"

"What are you saying to Rick? You slut-whore!" Anna laughed raucously.

"Slut-whore?" Emilee blurted out loudly "Your momma's the slut-whore!"

"Like mother like daughter!." Anna shot back " We both know that Rick dreams nonstop about burying his huge dick deeply into my tight little pussy."

"TIght little pussy?" Emilee blurted out. "Your fuckin' butts bigger than mine."

"Fuck you! You've got the biggest fuckin' butt of all... And Rick can fuck my wet tight wet pussy any time he wants."

"Yeah right." Emilee laughed and mockingly impersonated Anna. "Sorry Rick.. not tonight.. my little pussy hurts."

Anna turned and stuck her tongue out at Emilee.

My heart beat hard and I fought to control the growing bulge in my pants despite the fact that I knew that Emilee and Anna were only teasing me. I tried to focus my attention on where I was headed. I was a bit doubtful that the old house would be in liveable shape. It had been condemned by the city, for what reasons I wasn't sure... The newer house near the road was the house I had originally planned on moving into. However the whole property was still tied up in probate, and if we tried to stay in the house near the road somebody would surely spot us. And the property wasn't even officially mine yet. I was excited to be inheriting the place but what I was actually getting was a little dubious. My lawyer had assured me that the property would be mine in under a year and Megan had suggested that we stay in the back house until that time.

###

"Okay.." Megan paused from drinking her wine cooler to explain, "You want to make sure that you're not touching anything that's grounded, and work only with one hand."

The ladder was wooden rather than metal but it was old and the step I stood on seemed flimsy at best. Even worse the old white siding on the house had a little moss on it, and it was slick.

POP!! There was a bright flash of light and I almost fell off of the ladder.

Emilee squealed loudly. "Mind you don't fuckin' hurt yourself!" She yelled at me as she ran off around the corner of the house.

Megan ignored Emilee, "Now twist the wires together like you did with the neutral and the ground."

Shakily I follow her instructions and wrapped the connection with so much electrical tape that I used up what was left of the roll.

Megan pulled a wine cooler out of the cooler and handed it to me "Cheers!"

"You're sure nobody will be able to tell we're here?" I asked Megan nervously

"Absolutely." Megan nodded emphatically. "The meter won't read a fucking thing. Besides fucking nobody is going to come back here and check." Megan chucked the empty bottle into the woods. "You don't know how fucking lucky we are that the utilities are still hooked up." Megan smirked at me mischiviously " We'll make a fucking squatter out of you yet."

"Is it safe now?" Anna yelled from somewhere in the house. "Can we turn on the lights?"

"Fuck yeah!" Megan yelled back.

Megan disappeared around the corner of the house and I urgently unzipped myself, and began peeing powerfully on the side of the house.

"Nice cock!" Emilees voice caught me by suprise and I jumped involuntarily, spraying pee all over the place. I fought the lump in my throat and I turned towards Emilee, sticking my tongue out at her, and arching my piss in her direction.

Emilee squealed and stared with delight. My heart beat wildly and the act gave me a huge perverse thrill.

"Perv!" Emilee shrieked loudly with clear delight, ".. when you're done pissin' on the side of the house come and check out the fuckin' inside." Emilee turned and chucked her beer bottle towards the driveway where it shattered loudly on the cement.

The house had a big open front porch, and a screened in porch around back. The small attached garage contained a slightly rusty washing machine and dryer -- but they both actually worked! It was a simple relatively small single story house, however the high ceilings made it seem bigger. And the white colored pile carpet, and the white paint and furniture also seemed to make the house bright and airy despite the thick coating of dust on everything. Of course some of the paintings around the house were kind of creepy like the one over the sofa of an old lady who could have passed for a witch. Actually the house was supposed to be haunted.

"Yes!" Megan came out of the main bathroom pumping her arm. "Everything fucking works! Fucking shower! Fucking sink! Fucking toilet!"

I tried the phone.

"Dead?" Megan asked

I nodded.

"Don't worry... Megan will take care of it." Maria said deliberately with a little touch of sarcasm in her voice. "She an expert... She knows what she's doing..."

"Are your fucking menstral cramps making you a bitch again!" Megan asked Maria.

Maria didn't reply but stuck out her tongue in response.

Anna rolled her eyes "Rick I've got a vacuum cleaner in the car, and slut-whore and I could start cleaning, if you and one of the bitches want to run to the store and buy some laundry detergent and something to eat."

###

The girls suggested that I take the master bedroom since I was the "Fucking man of the house". Maria and Emilee took one of the small bedrooms, and Anna and Megan took the other. Yes I was the gawd damn man of the house! A single guy sharing a house with four beautiful crazy girls! I knew them well enough to know that they were just a bunch of jokers, but secretly I fantasized about Maria sneaking into my room at night, making love with me, sleeping with me, and perhaps even taking a shower with me in the morning! It was looking to be the absolute best summer of my life.

###

I was sitting out on the screened in porch enjoying a beer when my cellphone rang again. It was only my mailbox telling me that I'd missed another call.

"Fuck dude! I haven't heard from you in over a fuckin' month. What've ya been fuckin' up to? I fuckin' heard you were fuckin' hanging our with a group of fuckin' beautiful ass females! Are you going to fuckin' share a piece of that with me?"

"No" I said outloud to myself and deleted Jimmy's message.

I got up, pulled my penis out of my shorts and began peeing powerfully into the trash can next to the table.

"So this is where your fucking hiding." Anna grinned poking her head out the sliding door. "Slut-whore said that you had some beer."

Maria appeared alongside Anna, "Yeah, are you gonna share?"

"Help yourself" I said trying to sound nonchalant as I peed into the trash can in full view of the girls. The smirks on their faces told me that they enjoyed the show.

"What have you got there?" I asked Maria as I tucked my semi-erect penis back into my shorts.

"It's a little black and white TV." Maria eyed me with interest as she placed it on the table. "I found it in the garage. I was thinking that maybe it would work better out here because it's only got rabbit ears."

We scooted the table a little closer to the wall and plugged the TV in.

"It works!" Maria smiled triumphantly.

I sat down in a chair with a beer as Maria flipped through the channels.

"Our slutty bitch friends are out back sexually molesting Rick!" Emilee's load voice came from inside.

"Well well.." Megan grinned as she and Emilee came out and joined us. "You guys seem to be enjoying the squatters life."

"Totally!" Anna laughed "Megs, and slut-whore, fuckin' help yourselves to a beer."

"Don't mind if I fuckin' do. Thank you very much Miss Little Pussy." Emilee said to Anna "Then maybe a little later Rick can pull that big cock of his out of his pants and fuck my brains out!"

"Whatever.." Maria moaned sarcastically.

"Yeah what fuckin' brains?" Megan asked taking a seat.

Emilee bent over and wiggled her rear in front of my face then took the last seat and stared at me with a perverse grin.

"There.." Maria said as she finally got the station tuned in. "Just in time for "Heroes"." Maria grabbed a beer off of the table "I've missed a couple of episodes, but I'm not going to miss any more." She gave the girls an angry look "Nobody saved me a chair?"

"Nope" Anna laughed.

"Well than I guess I'm going to have to share." Maria said heading in my direction.

I went hard the second Maria sat on my lap. She could definitely feel my erection and my heart pounding wildly against her back, but I was helpless to do anything about it. My body seemed to warm up to hers and I nervously slid my left hand off of the the handrest and onto her left leg.

"Squattin' is not so bad is it?" Megan asked me.

"Not bad at all.." I managed as I rubbed Maria's leg and my hard-on pressed against Maria's butt. Maria leaned back, her cheek against mine, her hair in my mouth for a second before she carefully brushed it out. Strangely the taste of it was incredibly sexy.

"Heroes" is one of my favorite shows but watching it was only secondary to enjoying the feelings of Maria's body against mine.

Megan brought us a couple of more beers and we polished off the case. I was thoroughly enjoying the evening but all of the beer had made all of us tired and we headed inside after the show. I was unable to hide my erection and the girls all giggled as they watched me pull my erect penis out of my pants and pee into the waste basket in the kitchen. It was a twisted thing to do but then again I was drunk and caught up in the spur of the moment.

I got a towel off of the stove and threw it down on the little puddle of pee in front of the waste basket where I'd missed. But when I looked up dizzily I found that I was alone with only Megan.

"Where's Maria?" I asked in confusion.

"She's gone to bed." Megan eyed me sympathetically "You'll see her tomorrow stud."

However, the next morning I didn't see Maria. I wasn't hungover or anything I just had really slept and it was almost noon by the time I got up.. Maria and Emilee had already headed off to town.

I was in the livingroom taking my morning pee into the artificial plant when Anna's voice suprised me.

"When you're done peein', come back to my room. We've got a suprise for you." Anna grinned watching me pee. "Apparently the old renters here had cable -- and Megan was able to pirate the cable from your neighbors. You know the ones across the street from the front house."

"Right-on!" I smiled at Anna and shook the last drops of my pee off into the artificial plants basket.

I followed Anna to her room where Megan was waiting. They'd moved their beds so that one bed was along the wall next to the door, the other bed was at an angle to it along the adjoining wall and a desk with a computer on it sat under the window.

"My bed." Anna pointed at the bed closest to the door. "Megans bed." Anna pointed to the second bed. "Our desk, and ultra-sophisticated computer center." Anna pointed at the computer. "And.. our bathroom." Anna grinned pointing towards the floor to the right of the desk.

I stepped closer in confusion and noticed that the carpet on the right side of the desk, between the desk and the closet, was wet in spots and had multiple stains and wads of toilet paper scattered all about.

"We've got internet, TV, and even phone!" Megan bragged. "See I told you I could do it! How do you like the way we've arranged the room? It's small but we're making use of every inch of it."

I looked around the room and then back down at their "bathroom", and the roll of toilet paper sitting on the side of the desk.

"If you think we're fuckin' bad girls, you should see Maria and Slut-whore." Anna laughed raucously "But sometimes I like to piss under my desk when I'm working on the computer." Anna added in a soft baby talk voice.

I looked under the desk and I saw a fresh wet spot and a crumpled piece of toilet paper

"Emilee will fuckin' pee anywhere." Megan cut in. "We used to call her "Miss Piss"."

Anna smirked devilishly "She fuckin' pisses into the couch! Haven't you noticed the smell?"

I was definitely starting to notice the smell in their room. The couch did smell, but..

"That couch has always smelled like piss." I laughed.

"That's fuckin' true." Anna grinned. "When you were out with Megan fuckin' hookin' up the electric Maria, and Emilee the slut-whore, fuckin' peed into the couch!"

And I had thought that I was the one being wild...

"So?" Megan asked.

"So?" I responded in confusion.

Megan grinned ear-to-ear "So when are you going to pull that big ol' cock out of your pants and start fuckin' us?"

My heart beat hard, I felt a lump growing in my throat, and my penis growing hard and I glanced down at Anna's tight shorts that emphasized the full shape of her hips, and tiny waist that framed the wonderful triangle in the middle.

"Relax!" Megan laughed loudly "I'm just fuckin' messin' with you." She slid her hand down into her tight jeans and seemed to be playing with herself. "Weren't you going to fuckin' mow the lawn today and clean up things a little outside?"

Anna grinned at me and nodded emphatically.

"Okay..okay, but after I eat some breakfast."

###

Maria and Emilee didn't get home until eight in the afternoon. It had been hours since I'd finished cleaning up the yard and I was on the back porch in the dark with Megan and Anna sipping a beer. The smells from the delicious Cajun food that Maria and Emilee were preparing wifted out to the deck and increased my hungry appetite. Emilee and Maria were wearing simple black slacks and black blouses and it made the seem elegant and like professional cooks somehow. The only puzzling thing was, that looking in the sliding glass door, I could see Maria's bible open on the counter.

"What.. Does Maria have cooking recipes written in her bible or something?" I asked Anna.

"Her bible?" Anna frowned. "Oh, you mean her grimoire!" Anna grinned broadly, "Yeah, you could call it a bible.."

"And yeah she does have recipes in it." Megan joined in, "They are old old recipes. Really really good ones!"

Mischiveously I stood up and headed over towards the wall next to the sliding door, and unzipped my pants. I aimed my penis at the wall and casually glanced back at the girls. "Well, their cooking certainly smells good from here."

I glanced back in front of me and my heart went ballistic. There in front of me, on her knees, was Maria! Her mouth was open wide, and her tongue was hanging out -- right in front of my penis!. I stood clutching my penis for a second then staggered back and fell flat on the floor.

"Gawd Maria! Are you totally nuts!" I gasped tucking my penis protectively back into my pants.

Maria broke into giddy laughter and stood up smirking perversely. "Come on in. Dinner is ready... And you can pee later."

I stood up feeling shocked and light headed.

Megan got up and set a hand on my shoulder, "Relax..." she said soothingly "..just let me suck that big hard dick of yours dry next time." Then she headed inside.

In a daze I followed wildly giggling Anna inside.

The table was covered with an elegant black table cloth, beautiful tableware and what appeared to be genuine silver silverware. And the room was lit with candles -- hundreds of candles!

"Wow, this in incredible." I said under my breath in amazement. Their Cajun food far exceeded anything I'd ever eaten before, and their special wine seemed to numb my mind like an orgasm.

"How are you doing?" Maria asked "Is there anything we can get you... or do for you?"

"Oh no I'm full. And that has to be the most incredible meal of my life. Thank you -- thank you!"

Anna, Meg, and Emilee hurried off towards the livingroom as Maria cleared the table.

I stood up carefully. I wasn't dizzy but everything seemed to have taken on a more intense and vivid surreal quality. I took my time as I headed for the back porch enjoying the new high. I seemed to be experiencing heightened senses and I even enjoyed the buzz of the bugs in the background as I began peeing on the carpeted floor of the screened in porch.

"Guys have it easy." Maria's voice caught me by suprise. I spun my head and there she was, standing right next to me smiling. I hadn't even heard a door open.

"All you have to do is pull it out and point." Maria went on. "And then you just shake it off and tuck it back in your pants. You see for girls it's like this."

I watched Maria unbutton and unzip her pants.

"We have to pull everything down... and like totally expose yourself." Maria pulled her pants and panties down right in front of me.

"See totally exposed!" Maria stood displaying her young hairy pussy, then she turned to the back so I could check out her naked hips and rear. My penis went rock hard immediately and my heart began pounding.

"And then you have to squat.." Maria explained as she squatted down in front of me. "And not only do you have to balance but you have to hold your pants up at the same time so that you don't pee on them." A loud thick hissing stream of pee erupted between Maria's legs and splashed loudly onto the floor creating a spreading puddle on the outdoor carpet, as Maria relieved herself. "And you can pee on your shoes if you're not careful..."

I watched in rapt attention, breathing a little harder, as she peed. "And not only that... but we also have to carry toilet paper around with us in our pockets." Maria continued to explain "..unless we don't mind getting our panties wet." Maria pulled a piece of folded toilet paper out of her pocket, wiped herself, and dropped it on the floor.

"And imagine attempting a pee in a really public places." Maria suggested as she pulled her slacks, and panties off over her shoes. Maria seemed amused by my expression or something. "And I'm not just talking outdoors, but also indoors -- in places where you really shouldn't be peeing... The chances of getting caught are huge! Not that I've never done it though..." Maria smirked and set her slacks and panties on the table.

Maria swayed her naked hips as she moved in my direction. When she raised her arms I instinctively lifted her blouse off over her head. Her bra was black and lacy and when I removed it two very firm medium sized breasts bounced out. Her brown aerolas were small but her nipples were huge and totally erect.

Maria helped my remove my pants and shirt then she wrapped her lithsome body around mine and we kissed intimately on the lips as my huge ridiculously engorged penis pressed against Maria's body. I'd never had a hard-on like it and it seemed that not only my penis but my entire body was sexually aroused. My hands were all over Maria's body and she used her left hand to guide my right hand down to her inner thighs and vagina where I messaged, touched, and explored. Her warm right hand was firmly wrapped around my penis.

"Oh my gawd.." Maria gasped when I found her huge swollen clit. "That's almost too intense.."

I sat back on a small metal chair and Maria wrapped her legs around me and slid her vagina down on my penis so that we were face-to-face. We kissed and rubbed our cheeks together as we began making love. Even though I was hugely aroused I fought back orgasming with all of my strength to make the experience last -- and strangely I was able to. On and on we continued, the intensity of it growing until we both finally erupted in an uncontrollable mind-splitting orgasm. It was so intense that the room seemed to spin and blur and I lost consciousness.

Regaining consciousness I became aware of Maria petting my hair softly, and covering my face with kisses. I returned the kisses on Maria's cheeks and neck. Maria pushed back against my chest and slowly stood up sliding her velvety pussy off of my still ridiculously engorged penis. This was nothing like masterbating the bathroom with a Playboy or Penthouse. I always felt relaxed afterwards with my sexual desires disapated. But now I felt even more sexually charged than I had even before I'd made love to Maria, and I had an overwhelming desire to jump her from the back as she walked nakedly into the house.

Maria turned and looked at me "We had a very special dinner. VERY special!"

"Cooked from a recipe you keep in your bible." I grinned.

"No it's a grimore, not a bible... A grimoire is a witches spellbook." Maria's lips curled in amusement and she waved for me to follow.

The livingroom was lit with hundreds of candles like the diningroom. Bottles of Maria and Emilee's special wine, sat on the coffee table. Megan, Anna, and Emilee stood sipping wine while fingering themselves with hands down their pants. They hungrily eyed my embarassingly naked fully aroused body and my huge hard-on. Anna and Emilee closed their eyes, and leaned their heads back, and I realized that they were orgasming. Apparently the dinner and wine were affecting them as much as it was affected me.

The girls seemed to dance around me rubbing me with their hands, breasts, hips, and legs. Their clothes seemed to fall off as their dance continued. I saw and felt Anna's full hips and tight hairy little vagina, Megans perfect breasts, and Emilee's jaw-droppingly shapely erotic body. Emilee was even more incredible naked than clothed. I kissed and cuddled each girl as the others rubbed their hard nipples and vaginas all over me. It seemed to have a magical effect on me and my almost painfully swollen penis was well over a foot long when I forced it into Emilee soaking wet swollen pussy.

Emilee squeezed and pulled with such passion that I experienced a mixture of agony and absolute extasy. She orgasmed so intensely that her orgasm seemed to explode deep inside her vagina, and spread out across my body -- causing my engorged member to literally explode. It sent the room spinning, and it sent me into an unbearibly pleasurable unconciousness once again. I found myself lying on top of Emily's voluptuous body, my heart still pounding wildly against Emilee's huge breast and firm nipple, her heart pounding hard against me, my cheek against Emilee's warm flushed cheek, and my huge penis buried to the hilt in Emilee's warm still trembling vagina.

"See I told you he could take it." Emilee moaned as she rubbed my back.

The mind-numbingly erotic experience with Emilee seemed to propel me into an insatiable sex craved frenzy and the night became a blur of lips, breasts, vaginas, and rocking orgasms.

###

I don't know how I made it to my room and my bed but the next morning I woke feeling wonderfully rested and alive with the sensual feel and smell of Maria's naked body against my own. I rolled over and studied the curves of Emilee's huge hips in front of my face, as she sat on the edge of the bed and peed onto the carpet.

