How I was seduced on a night train!

4th July 2008, 05:22 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

It's me again! Sometimes I feel that I'm posting too many stories here and that I'll eventually will bore you to death! But I've got this funny obsession... my fingers are constantly itching to write. And as I as often as possible try to put myself in various situations peeing and sometimes also pleasing myself in other ways... ahum... more or less in public, I experience a lot that I like to write about! So... you've to bare with me... Having said that... here is another story... lol!

This happened about a year ago. I was traveling by the night train up north. I couldn't afford a sleeping compartment so I was sitting in an ordinary, sitting compartment. At first I was all by myself but at the last stop a woman entered and took place opposite me. At first I was a little annoyed not being alone anymore. But she started to talk to me and soon I thought that she was a real nice traveling company. She was in her early thirties and very good looking. She was dressed in blue, rather short skirt and a top (and quite obviously no bra as you could see her nipples poking against the fabric...). When she crossed her legs I could see that she wore nylon stockings, I saw a glimpse of pale skin above the stocking tops...

She told me her name was Ulla. I told her my name and soon we had a nice talk. She noticed that I had an almost empty 1Ѕ liter bottle of Coca Cola.

- "You must've a big thirst, Yvette, if you've already drunk all that!"

I blushed... I couldn't tell her the real reason for drinking so much, that I'd planned some wetting later on...

- "Oh, it's been a warm day and I don't want to dehydrate!"

After a while she picked up a bottle from her bag. It was a bottle of vodka! And then she picked up a big bottle of tonic water and two plastic glasses.

- "Do you want to join me having a gin and tonic? It makes wonder if you're thirsty and it also makes the journey more pleasant!"

- "Great! G and T is my favorite drink!"

She filled our glasses with a generous amount of gin and topped them with tonic.

- "Cheers!" she said. "To a pleasant journey!"

And the journey really got more and more pleasant as the content level in the gin bottle sank... I noticed that Ulla's skirt slided up rather high on her thighs! As a fact even above her stocking tops... Discreetly I pulled up my skirt enough to show my legs above the stocking tops. I also parted my thighs slightly... But I pretended to be unaware of that I was a bit indecent. And I soon became aware of that I wasn't able to sit with my thighs parted... I really needed to pee by now! So I pressed my thighs firmly together and rubbed them against each other. Ulla noticed that I was a bit uneasy and asked:

- "After drinking all that coke and then G and T, aren't you desperate to go to the toilet by now? I know I feel a certain need and I haven't drunk as much as you!"

- "Yeah", I said. "I really could use a toilet but I don't like train toilets... I never had!"

- "Hmm... Interesting...", she said. "It's a long trip, how on earth will you manage without going to the toilet!"

- "I...I don't know...", I stammered. "Oh, oh... I really don't know!"

- "Hmm.. I know of something that has helped me some times when there was no toilet available at the moment. But you would probably don't want to do it anyway, so I won't tell you..."

(Remember that at this point we were both pretty drunk...)

- "Oh, please! Tell me! I'll do anything to avoid wetting myself!"

- "I don't know.. it's somewhat naughty... and I would feel embarrassed to suggest it!"

- " There's no danger for you to feel embarrassed... Think of how embarrassed I would feel if I wet my panties!"

- "OK! But don't think bad of me for suggesting it!"

- "I promise! I won't!"

- "I've found it effective on the feeling of desperation if I rub with my hand on my crouch! So, now I've said it! And honestly, at least it helps me! And may I suggest that you don't sit at your skirt if an accident would happen anyway... That way no one will notice that you've wet yourself..."

- "Thank you! I'll try it! But I hope you don't mind that I've to expose my more intimate parts when I do it!"

- "Of course I don't mind! It's an emergency situation and you've to act accordingly... If you'll feel more comfortable and as I'm pretty desperate myself I'll do the same thing!"

- "Oh! Will you? I'll feel much better if you too will do it!"

And I having said that, she raised her butt and pulled away her skirt and sat down again, not sitting on her skirt. Then she pulled up the front of her skirt, put her hand in between her thighs and began to rub! Oh my God! It was such a horny sight!! I hurried to follow her example! It was quite unbelievable... there we sat, the two of us, who never had met before, in a train compartment rubbing our pussies outside our panties! And she was so cool! With her free hand she raised her glass and exclaimed:

- "Cheers! May we both succeed in our efforts to not pee ourselves! And in case we fail... let us fail with grace!!"

To fail or not to fail... for me that was not an issue! I knew that I was going to fail in a very short time, no matter how devoted I rubbed my pussy! The question for me was rather: Would I wet my panties first or would I come first! I looked at Ulla (well... as a matter of fact, I never took my eyes from her...). She had cute pink garters with laces running up her thighs in under her panties, that were pink too! And very see through! I noticed that her fingers circled around her stiff, pretty big clit! A round patch on the panties showed how aroused she was! And I was as aroused as her if not more! I was beginning to think that the race between wetting my panties and reaching my climax was going to be a draw! And... I cried out:

- "Oh, fuck!!! Oh!! I can't help it!! I'm coming! N... n...now!!! P... p... please excuse m.. me! I'm wetting myself too!!!

And so I was!! I had the most intense, wonderful orgasm and at the same time I peed torrents through my panties!! The orgasm seemed to last for ever and I peed and peed!! Liters of pee! I was soaked... the seat was soaked! And I wasn't finished until Ulla cried:

- "Oh my sweet little Yvette! I'm coming too! Ooooh... Gnsshhh..."

Her butt jumped up and down on the seat and she was rubbing herself with both hands!

- "Oh my God!! I'm peeing myself!!"

And so she was! Pee gushed out through her pink panties between her fingers!!

Afterwards we were sitting on our wet seats, both too drunk to bother, and fingering our pussies... Then Ulla came over to my side and we lied down pressing our wet pussies against each other, grinding them, and so touching them with our fingers fondling them to new orgasms...

I haven't met Ulla in real life since but we are chatting on the internet and planning to meet again...

The funny thing is that she's convinced that she seduced me on the train! I haven't corrected her but you and I know better! Don't we? Hehe!

Your Yvette with her itching fingers...

