The Bachelorette Party (Fiction)

3rd May 2011, 06:58 AM

Author: moondog

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 37

Bachelorette Party

Characters:

Jessica: 26, Blonde, caucasian, girl next door (bride to be)

Jennifer: 31, Jessica's older sister, sandy blonde, caucasian

Britt: 21, J and J's younger sister, light brown, caucasian

Becky 25: Jessica's best friend, hispanic, brown hair

Heather: 37, Jennifer's coworker, hispanic, brown hair

The girls decided to have a night out to celebrate Jessica's upcoming marriage. Figuring they may as well get some attention as a group while they can, they all got dressed up, and went downtown to take advantage of the bar scene.

They started the night at Heather's house as she was closest to the bars. They wanted to all get a few beers in before heading out. Heather and Britt put down 4 beers each before the other three girls even finished two. Both of them were thinking about peeing before they left, but at that moment, the cab arrived. They both already had to go pretty bad, but figured they could hold it until they got to the bar.

Once at the bar, Heather and Britt both realized that they were gonna have to wait for a while. The line was already almost 15 girls long. The other three girls immediately went to the bar, and ordered huge beers. They decided to have a chugging contest to see who could put it down fastest. This made Heather and Britt feel better as then all the bladders would be more even. Britt was shy, and didn't drink beer much, but knew that she REALLY had to go. She moved towards Heather, and asked her if she had to pee. Heather said, yes, that she really had to pee too, but that she was gonna hold it, as she didn't want to break the seal quite yet.

Jennifer decided to take advantage of the fact that she had a huge bladder. She proposed that the first person to pee, had to buy rounds the rest of the night. This was bad news for little sister Britt, as she already had to pee like crazy. As the beers kept flowing the conversation got a little looser. They all discussed how bad each had to pee. Becky brought up something none of the girls had heard before. The difference between needing to "pee", and needing to "PISS". Becky said that at a certain point, it becomes so urgent that is transfers from pee.. to PISS.

Britt definitely had to piss, but she didnt want to be made fun of for being the youngest and not being able to hold it. She held on valiantly, and kept drinking with the other girls. After about 3 more rounds each they decided to head to a different bar. Jessica, the bride to be, hadn't remembered having to pee this bad since her 21st birthday, when she had to squat next to the car. She'd never peed that much in her life. Thinking back to the conversation that was had earlier, that was definitely a PISS.

Jennifer knew that she was going to have to go soon. She has a big bladder, and knew she could hold it, but the beer was going right through her. She thought back to the time when she went on a road trip with friends when she was 18, and just barely made it out of the car to explode all over the parking lot of a liquor store at 2 am. Her friends commented on how they had never seen a bigger pee puddle.

Britt was about to piss herself. She'd never needed to pee so bad in her entire life. The only time that even came close was, as an 18 year old senior cheerleader, had to go through an entire football game before she could finally pee next to the bus after the game. She remembered the other girls staring in awe with how much she was actually peeing. They couldn't believe that one person could pee so much.

All Becky could think of was finally getting to a toilet to let fly with a torrent of piss and feel the relief of finally being able to get rid of all that beer. She knew that she didn't even need a toilet at this point.. a bush would do just fine. The only time she had to piss worse was on the way to Las Vegas with her friend Vanessa. She had to piss into a cup because she just couldn't hold it. She remembered Vanessa commenting on how much, and how hard she was peeing. She was thinking that this one would be worse.

Heather was now regretting having the two extra beers before they left. She knew that she could out piss all of these girls, and felt like because she was the oldest, that she would have to hold it longest. She remembered the time she came into work after a long night of partying, and not having time to pee before leaving for work. Got stuck in a meeting as soon as she go to work, and had to continue holding a nights worth of pee for another hour. She finally was able to make it back to her office, only to have her assistant, Tracy, hold a trash can for her to release an unreal amount of beer piss into it.

...Now, on with the story..

The girls walked out of the bar all assuming that each had to piss worse than the other. At this point they were all just waiting to see who would break first, so the rest of them could finally let all the beer out of the overstretched bladders.

Becky was the first to speak up..

"Alright, that's it, I HAVE to piss right now.."

"Are you sure? Rounds on you for the rest of the night.." said Heather

"Damn, I really don't wanna give in.." said Becky

"Come on, someone please just go, so I can go. I've never had to PISS this bad in my life!!" said Britt

The girls were surprised to hear this kind of outburst from little Britt.

"Geez Britt, I've never heard you talk like that. It must be serious." Jennifer said, while Jessica chuckled along.

"Don't make me laugh, I think my entire body is filled with beer. Someone pop me like a balloon, so I can let all this piss out." Jessica said.

"That's it, I can pay for all the rounds, and I'm at my limit. I can hold forever, but I've had way too much beer. Someone get out a cup, it's gonna be pretty much pure beer coming out of me.. I'm kidding, don't even think about it." Heather said.

"This is gonna feel sooo good, alright someone cover me.." Heather said

With that Heather pulled her skirt up in the back and pulled her panties down to her knees. The girls could not believe their eyes, when the biggest stream of piss they'd ever seen came exploding out of Heather. Heather had her eyes closed, and head tilted back in pure relief. The piss puddle expanded rapidly and immediately started to foam around the edges from all the beer.

After about 15 seconds of powerful pissing Heather was jolted out of her reverie when Jennifer said, "Heather stop, someone is coming up to the car".

"Damn, damn, damn I'm trying to stop.."said Heather.

Her flow ceased and she stood up. At that moment, she had never ever needed to release her piss more. She just wanted to bend over at the waist and let it rip again. The woman walked to the driver side of the car opposite of the one Heather was leaning against to piss. She was in her late forties, and felt some sympathy when she looked at Heather and realized what was happening. The woman looked at Heather, then down at her puddle and said, "Go ahead and finish. Looks like you really need to go."

"Holy hell, thank you so much!! Oh my god I have to pissss!!!" Heather growled.

Heather bent over forward at the waist, pulled her panties to the side, and exploded with even more pressure than before. It looked like someone turned on a faucet full blast and just let it run. The other girls could hear Heather moaning with relief.

This proved to be too much for little Britt..

Britt pushed her way to the back of the car, pulled her pants down, sat on the bumper and exploded with a huge arching stream. The only thing she could say was, "AAAHHH". She had never felt so good in her life. The piss was pulsing out of her so hard that she felt like a firehose. Just like Heathers puddle, it was foaming around the edges from all the beer.

Jennifer lost it right next to her co-worker Heather. She bent forward at the waist, and just gave in to her aching bladder. Her stream wasn't super powerful, but it was really thick and heavy. As Heather was finishing up after a minute straight of insanely powerful pissing, she looked at Jennifer and said, "Damn Jen, you really had to go too!" Jennifer responded, "You have no idea how good this feels.. ok, well maybe you do."

After all three girls finished pissing, Becky and Jessica still hadn't peed. They really wanted to use a real bathroom and decided to hold it until they got to the next bar. The three that peed already couldn't believe that they could still hold it. Becky and Jessica were already over the limit, and both had about three minutes before they were gonna have to give in. They arrived at the bar, and were happy to see it wasn't very crowded. They rushed in to the bar..

They ran into the bathroom so fast that they hadn't even realized they ended up in an empty men's room. Their only option was the urinals. They both knew that they had no choice.. the problem was, neither of them had never done that before. They had to make a decision that would stay between them forever. Becky grabbed the trash can, looked at Jessica, and they both knew what needed to happen. "Jess, I can't hold it anymore. This beer HAS to come out. You can either share this with me, or wait until I'm done, but I'm going now!" Jessica said, "I can't wait either.. it's coming whether I like it or not, oh my god.. here it comes.. hurry."

Funnily enough, they both were girls that let it be known how it felt when they were pissing. Something they definitely had in common. The streams started simultaneously, both as powerful as the other.

Jess said, "Oh my god, this is the best piss I have ever taken.. damnit it feels sooooo good!!"

Becky followed with, "This is the most powerful stream I've ever had.. I feel like Niagra falls! Damn it feels amazing." They could hear the trashcan begin to fill and their pee continued to hit the bottom. Once they finally finished, they both looked at each other and laughed.

The night continued uneventful, but none of them would ever forget those pisses they took that night.

