Another Visit To The Niad (fiction)

30th October 2010, 06:42 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

Again, a bit on the long side but, I am really enjoying the company of these characters...

Julius Harper awoke awash in a sea of wet, warm contentment. The wetness wasn't nearly as unusual as he would have liked but the delicious, sensuous warmth, courtesy of his Agua d'Oro 300, was still a relatively new sensation. Billed at the point of sale as the ultimate in luxury mattress protection for the discerning bed wetter, the innocuous looking bed pad was more than living up to it's extensive and detailed guarantee.

In the thirty days since he'd taken delivery Julius had employed and enjoyed the excellent amenities, as well as the complimentary upgrades for which he'd chosen this model, on several occasions. Not once, however, had he enjoyed it quite as much as the first time he'd tried it out. The memory of that wet and wonderful evening caused his cock to stir and brought a smile to his face.

The bed seemed particularly saturated this morning. One of the advantages (Julius couldn't quite consider it a draw back) was that, since the pad kept the urine he released at or about body temperature, he often wet more than once in the night. Some mornings, like this one, he was thoroughly soaked when woke up. His mattress, however remained pristine, as warranted.

Rolling from the soft, squishy comfort of his warm bed, Julius came to his feet on an oval rug that had been provided as part of the sales package for the mattress pad. As his feet sank into the plush pile, Julius savored the silky slither of his still warm pee sliding from his shoulders, down his back and over his butt, wending down his long, lean legs. Looking down he shivered with pleasure as a golden pool formed around his feet before wicking away. Beneath his feet, the lush cut loop was perfectly dry and odor free. The pattern of autumn leaves remained unchanged and he knew from the literature that had come with the small area rug that he would not have to change out the core until the central motif had turned from deep bronze to a rich burgundy. Even peeing directly on the rug one night in an attempt to reach the bathroom before wetting the bed had not yet caused the ingenious device to reach it's saturation point.

Before his morning shower, Julius bundled the bed clothes together and dropped them in the wash. It still impressed him that if he followed the instructions and folded everything inward, not a drop of moisture escaped in the transfer from the bed to the laundry. Then, showered shaved and dressed, he headed out for the day. Whistling. He had, he ernestly hoped, plans for the evening.

********

Bebe looked around the sales floor and sighed. She understood that in this economy in increase in business was a good thing but The Niads' Lair wasn't the sort of establishment that was ever intended to overflow with business. Her clientele was generally, quite exclusive and very concerned with maintaining their privacy. Whether their interest in what the Niad could offer was a matter of necessity, desire or a combination of the two, part of what they all paid for, along with superb service and quality, was an extraordinary level of discretion. In her line of work, a full house could be counter productive, to say the least. She didn't know who'd been talking but if things kept going like they had today, she was either going to need a revolving door or an appointment book.

Like her client list, Bebe's staff was small and exclusive. They had been hand picked and carefully trained to identify and provide for each customer's individual needs with patience and compassion. Of course their interest, and in some cases their involvement, in the wet life style provided an added dimension to the exemplary service the Niad strove to provide. Not a single associate was under 30 years of age. Each was quietly attractive, well groomed and intimately familiar with every item of merchandise their establishment had to offer. The end result was an atmosphere of subtle luxury. The fact that their product line was designed, in every respect, to provide the best in incontinence protection and play seemed almost beside the point.

As on most Friday's, Bebe managed closing herself. She liked to let her staff get an early start on their weekend. It was one of the perks that kept them devoted to her and, by association, to their jobs. That, along with an iron clad non-disclosure agreement that each and every one of them signed, in the presence of her attorney (also a long time customer), ensured that what was in many cases a client's deepest secret was in no danger of ever being exposed.

She was watching the hands of the crystal desk clock creep toward 6:00PM when the subdued chime of the front doors announced the last customer of the day.

******

"Mr. Harper, how lovely to see you again. I trust you're happy with your last purchase from us?"

"Nice to see you again as well, Bebe. Although, I do wish you'd stop calling me Mr. Harper. it makes me feel ancient."

"Of course. What do you prefer to be called?"

"You can call me Julius. Or, J.T. if you like."

"Julius then, if that suits you. I rather like the name."

He felt a warm flush of pleasure at that. His name had been something of a burden growing up but, he'd grown into it over the years. J.T. was what his business associates called him and, while he hoped to do more business with Bebe in the future, he had higher hopes for her relationship.

"Julius is fine."

"Wonderful. How may I help you this evening, Julius?"

"When I was in last, you mentioned that you had products for the office as well as the home."

Before she could answer, the clock from the back of the store chimed six. She smiled at him knowingly and excused herself to lock up. As she had the last time, she shot the bolt and drew the drapes across the display windows at the front of the shop.

"There, then. Now we can take as long as you need. Something to drink while we talk?"

"Yes, thanks. More of that iced tea you had last time?"

"If you like but, it is Friday. I thought a cocktail might be in order."

Julius felt the earlier flush of pleasure warm to anticipation.

"A cocktail sounds like just the thing. I'll have whatever you're having."

"Jameson's on the rocks it is. I'll be right back."

In a few moments Bebe returned with two heavy, Waterford crystal tumbler. Each contained four ice cubes and two ounces of fine Irish sipping whiskey. She handed him his drink and clinked her glass against his saying, "Here's to another successful shopping expedition."

Julius took a sip of the smooth golden liquid and felt his heart beat a little faster. It wasn't often a man with his particular issues met a lovely woman who not only did not object to them but seemed to actually enjoy them. Mentally he crossed his fingers hoping that tonight was indeed as successful as his last trip.

"Well, since I never really thought about how to make my issue more manageable at the office, it never really occurred that there were products available that could do so. At this point, I just have a series of reminder alarms set on my smart phone set so that if I'm really caught up in something, I remember to stop long enough to use the facilities."

Julius could hardly believe how easy it was to talk to Bebe about this. He'd never admitted to anyone, even obliquely, that he needed to be reminded to go to the bathroom. He'd started using various kinds of reminders as early as his teens but, even so, there were still accidents. He knew it seemed implausible but the fact of the matter was, he became so caught up in what interested him that he just didn't notice how badly he had to go. Sometimes far past the point of desperation. He'd wet himself at his desk on more than one occasion when he was caught up in a particularly sticky problem or fascinating project. Fortunately, as the CEO and president of his company, his office was sacrosanct and he'd never been caught out.

"Oh my, yes. The office is problematic for a lot of people. How you choose to deal with it is entirely a matter of choice."

"Such as?"

"There is always apparel of course. We have an extensive line of under garments, all of which are designed to offer the most complete protection available. While commercially available styles hold ten ounces max, we have designs that hold up to four times that much liquid. You can also choose for levels of dryness against your skin, as well."

"You mean you can decide if you want to feel wet or dry without the results being visible?"

"That's exactly what I mean. We also have trousers that don't show the wetness on the outside for our customers who prefer to wet naturally. Rather like stain resistant materials one can find at mid-level department stores but, we can treat even the finest fabrics and have them custom tailored."

"Amazing."

After his last visit to The Niads' Lair, Julius had made sure NOT to take his last scheduled bathroom break of the day so that now, their discussion was making him very aware that he'd done so. The whiskey wasn't helping things, either. Or, he thought hiding a smile, maybe it was.

"You said there's always apparel. I assume that means there are other options?"

"Come with me. I'll top off our drinks and show you."

Bebe lead the way to a second, smaller show room. This one displayed office vignettes including everything from a secretaries station to an executive suite. She took his glass and left him to browse for a moment while she refreshed their drinks.

"There's nothing here that looks all that unusual," he observed taking back his glass.

"Marvelous, isn't it? This is one ov my favorites. In fact, I have one in my office."

Bebe lead Julius to an opulent looking leather chair with a thick cushioned leather seat and a high back.

"Have a seat," she offered, watching him sit, carefully. It was obvious to her practiced eye that Julius Harper was getting just a bit desperate for a pee. After their last sales demo, she could only hope that he didn't last much longer. She'd changed her own unde rware in her office when she'd refilled their glasses and was now wearing one of their low absorbency ladies bikini cut briefs in pearl pink. She was pretty sure that she and Julius would be doing another product test together and she wanted him to enjoy all the benefits she could provide.

The chair was a delight to sit in providing both comfort and support. He also noticed that, while it looked like fine grained leather, there was something different about the seat. When she mentioned it, Bebe was happy to expand on the subject.

"Your right, the seat is the only part of the chair that is not leather. It's made up of a three part wicking system that was designed for us in Japan. The system is so efficient that you could completely soak yourself in front of an associate and within sixty seconds of stopping, you would be dry enough to escort them to the door and they would never know. No leaks or odor, either."

"Really? That seems unbelievable."

"I thought so too but, when I tried it I was amazed. The crotch of my panties stayed damp, of course, but everywhere my clothes came in contact with the seat, I was as dry as if I'd never leaked a drop. Like I said, I have one in my office. The manufacturer provides a change out kit and carrying case for the wet cushion. You can take it home to wash and dry with out need for heavy duty machinery. They make household furniture for us, too."

Julius imagined her sitting behind her desk, pen flowing across paper and pee flowing between her long, shapely legs. He wondered if she'd been at her desk before he came into the store. He wondered if her panties were wet between the warm vee of her thighs even now. He wondered if he should ask. His cock jumped at the idea and, without thought, he grabbed himself.

Bebe raised an eyebrow and smiled feeling her own need to wee climb another notch.

"Would you like to try it or, would you prefer a demonstration?"

Julius wanted to watch her but didn't know if he could stand up without leaking substantially. He said as much to Bebe.

"Oh, you don't need to worry about that. The mat under the chair is similar to the rug that came with your mattress pad. And, as a perk, it's got an active led core. If you turn it on, you can watch it absorb your pee and, as the crystals come in contact with the moisture being absorbed, the light up and change color. Just a little something fun for the home office."

Placing his hand carefully over his crotch so that he could squeeze behind the head of his penis, Julius levered himself out of the chair. He could feel the hot pee straining to escape his body and he didn't know how much longer his limited control would last.

"Shall we really put the chair to the test, Julius?" Bebe smile wickedly.

"What did you have in mind?" he gritted out between clenched teeth.

"Well first I thought I'd take off my blouse," said Bebe, suiting her actions to her words. The creamy mounds of her large breasts swelled from the satiny confines of her pearl pink bra, the cups of which barely covered her nipples. "Then I thought I would sit down, here."

She smoothed her skirt over her plump, round butt, wiggling herself deep into the chairs sumptuous cushion. Then, sure that she had his undivided attention, she pulled the front of her skirt up, exposing the panties that matched her bra. At first she spread her legs as wide as the chair would allow. Then, deciding she was not sufficiently exposed for what she had in mind, she lifted first one leg and then the other, draping her knees over the chairs padded arms.

"Would you turn on the desk lamp, please? Good. Now, over there by the book case, you can turn off the over head lights."

Julius did as she asked, practically mincing over to the light switch in an attempt to contain his rapidly weakening bladder. When he turned back, she was spotlighted in the glow from the desk lamp, the rest of the show room receding into the dimness around her.

"Are you ready for your demonstration Julius?"

With waves of hot pee beating against the dam formed by his finger pressing hard behind the head of his cock, he barely managed to nod. His mouth was so dry with anticipation it was as if every drop of moisture in his body had gathered in his bladder and was now trying to batter its way from his body. Even through the vice of hid thumb and fore fingers and urgent spurt escaped, wetting the front of hid incontenince bad but, not yet leaking through.

"Tell me, Julius," Bebe purreed, "Tell me what you want to see."

"Oh god," he groaned thru clenched teeth, "I want to see you're sweet golden wee gushing out from between your legs."

Bebe, who was ready to explode herself, was more than happy to oblige. "Like this?"

Julius watched as the warm, citron flow burbled through the crotch of her panties

, spreading down towards her bum and darkening the pale pink scrap of material. He watched as it grew stronger, arcing slighty away from her body and pooling on the chair seat. He was so entranced with the view that he never even noticed how the puddle between her legs never grew any larger but disappeared at a steady rate into the chair seat. He watched as she peed and peed and peed, clamping down on his cock so his own piss, fighting him every inch of the way remained trapped in his body.

Bebe watched Julius with equal intensity. She hoped he could hold on just a few more minutes. She felt her own flow weaken and stop, the relief of her release almost immediately replaced by another kind of urgency. She sat very still, fighting the urge to touch herself as she felt the chair draw the last vestiges of wetness away from her skirt and panties

. As she'd promised Julius, the only thing not completely dry was the crotch of her panties and the were wet with more than just a good wee.

Carefully, she uncocked her legs and rose from the chair. "Feel," she ordered, turning her back to Julius.

As promised, her skirt was dry, the only indication that it had ever been wet was the warmth of the material.

"Your turn now," she said turning back to face him. She slid one hand between his legs and cupped his balls. His prick jumped in his grip beginning to stiffen.

"You're going to make me too hard to pee," he whispered as she led him to the chair.

"Not for long," she promised. Looking deeply into his amazing green eyes, she began to brush the head of his desperate penis through his trousers, feeling it become harder.

"Oh my god, Bebe! What are you doing to me?"

She didn't answer but unwrapped his fingers from around his cock and unzipped his fly. He was standing at attention as she moved his trousers aside and pushed the waist band of his briefs down until it caught behind his balls, A slow, steady trickle of pee was leaking from his engorged cock. She touched the place where it escaped his control with one finger, making light circles on the wet, shiny head of his prick. She took his and and showed him how.

"Now, you just keep doing that until I get rid of this skirt and these panties

."

Julius followed instructions, trying to concentrate on her slow strip tease at the same time he tried to focus on the amazing sensation that was occurring in his throbbing dick. He didn't think he had ever been so aroused. it felt like there was an eruption building in the cramped space between the bottom of his burgeoning bladder and his full, tight balls.

"Very nice, Julius. Now, I have something special for you."

Facing him she crawled onto his lap, placing her knees on either side of his hips. She lowered herself until his cock just pressed against her juicy, streaming cunt.

"Are you ready?"

Well past speech, Julius could only moan and nod.

Taking his face in her hands, she laid her open mouth against him, tasting him with her tongue. At the same time, she slowly released the last of the pee she had been holding as she slid slowly onto his aching erection and began to rock.

Julius thought his brain was going to explode right along with his balls and bladder. The sensations were overwhelming. Her warm, strong tongue in his mouth. Her soft breasts pressed against his chest through his shirt. Her slow, hot running down his cock, over his balls and wetting his ass. He never wanted this insane pleasure to end but, he couldn't control his over stimulated body. In a matter of moments he was throwing back his head and shouting as his balls erupted in a boiling mass of shooting cum. He felt her squeezing him and stroking with her slippery cunt muscles, grinding against him, driving towards her own orgasm. Each time she came down against him she pressed on his aching bladder. Then, on the very edge of her own satisfaction, she ground down against him causing the damn to finally burst. He felt the first wave of scalding piss shoot through his softening penis.

It was Bebe's turn to cry out and she screamed her ever building satisfaction as his hot, wet stream filled her quacking body and then slid from her, back down over him, drenching him in the mixed juices of their shared passion. He filled her again and again, uncontrollable spurts of heat shooting up into her until his over burdened bladder relaxed enough to finish emptying in a strong, steady stream. She collapsed on his chest, gasping for breath, sliding her hand between to rub languidly at her still pulsing clit, cumming one more time and pushing the last wave of his piss out over his lap.

They were silent for a few moments, unable to move away from each other and unwilling as well. Finally Bebe raised herself up away from his chest. Before she could move away from him completely, Julius took her face in his hands and kissed her with his full attention.

"I have never in my life felt anything like that," he breathed into her mouth, "and I have never met anyone like you."

Bebe leaned away from him and smiled, "You're pretty special, yourself. I usually make it a rule not to get personally involved with my customers but, in your case I think I may have to make an exception."

"I certainly hope so," replied Julius with a contented sigh. "If I have to keep buying product for the free demonstrations, I'm going to break the bank."

Bebe simply laughed. "Oh, I'm sure we can probably work out an equitable trade. I'll need to tidy up here first, though."

"I'll be be happy to help just as soon as I can stand up. It seems like the least I can do."

