The Story of Kryssie: Suzy gets Wet~!

13th June 2010, 03:34 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Suzy smiled broadly as she stretched and yawned. She lay back against her pillows for a moment as flashes of the night before played in her mind. Damn she still could not believe what she and Kryssie had shared the day (and night) previously. Idly her right hand moved down and found her small pussy lips, under the tiny strip of curly hairs, her index finger sliding between her tight labia and rubbing the soft, warm, slipperiness below.

She groaned a little, and briefly contemplated just lying back and pleasing herself, but she knew she did not have time~! So reluctantly she jumped up and headed for the bathroom. She turned on the hot water of the shower while she brushed her nice straight teeth. Finished rinsing she felt the stream of water and adjusted the cold water with the stream of hot water until it was the right temperature for her to slip inside the shower cubicle. She stripped off the white cotton vest she wore in bed and stepped under the steamy water, relishing in the feel of the hot water against her skin.

As the steams rose up around her Suzy squirted some papaya scrub on her hands and rubbed her soapy hands over her body in smooth circular movements. Her slippery hands felt so good as they soaped her skin, and with her newly learned appreciation for pee play, she turned sideways, slightly out of the stream of shower water, and as the water from the shower hit her back and buttocks, she sighed and felt the sweet relief of her morning pee, delighting in its warmth path down her tightly clenched thighs. Once her own stream had waned she stepped back under the shower and finished washing.

Suzy enjoyed dressing that morning, selecting a short denim skirt that ended mid thigh, with a tight white t-shirt over which she wore a denim waistcoat. She teamed this with white stockings that finished above her knee but below her skit hemline, and mid heeled blue pumps. Then she brushed her straight blonde hair until it shone. She used some of the new pink gloss and light blue eye shadow Kryssie had helped her choose the previous day, and was enjoying the freedom from her usual thick glasses that the trial contact lenses gave her. She could not wait till her own prescription of disposable contact lenses arrived. Looking at her reflection in the mirror she could not understand why she had not changed to contact lenses ages ago. Why, she looked almost pretty, she thought to herself. She drank a huge glass of iced tea and filled up a flask to take with her, smiling naughtily as she thought about what she had planned that day, thanks to Kryssie~!

"Wow, Suzy, you look gorgeous," Kryssie said when she spotted Suzy walking towards her outside the entrance. Suzy did indeed look very hot, and Kryssie was again envious of her new friend's lovely long legs. Chris walked up behind Kryssie, kissing the nape of her neck, and thinking that Kryssie herself looked gorgeous in her strappy yellow sundress and matching sandals, her curly hair hanging loose and framing her face, accentuating those mysteriously dark eyes. Her luscious lips, today a bright red, were curved, as always, in a smile, and when he kissed the nape of her neck where small soft curls fell he could smell strawberries. She moved back against him as he stood behind her, and he reddened slightly as her round firm butt cheeks pressed against his groin. Damn, she turned him on as easily as flicking on a light switch. Her one hand snaked behind her and rubbed against the hardening lump in his jeans, giggling softly.

Chris wrapped his arm around Kryssie, pulling her tight against him as he looked up at Suzy. He had always liked Suzy but never really looked at her, she had always stood slightly stooped, keeping in the background, her hair tied back, her hands always pushing her glasses back. Kryssie had told him all about her adventure with Suzy the night before, a phone call that had ended messily but quite satisfyingly as he had pictured the two girls together while Kryssie spoke in her soft lilting voice. Now he registered surprise. Damn, Suzy DID look good. He had never noticed how slim her body was, or how long and shapely her legs were. And without those thick glasses she was a whole new woman. Her blue eyes shone out of her pale heart shaped face, her blonde hair falling softly to her shoulder.

He felt the hardness in his groin stir slightly as he remembered some of what Kryssie had told him in breathless tones the night before. Mostly he remembered her whispered confession that she had a fantasy that included him, Suzy and some very full bladders. Damn, he thought too late, as he felt himself spring to full erectness inside his tight jeans. Kryssie turned her head and met his eyes and laughed softly as if she could read his mind while her fingers traced his erection through his jeans. He loved Kryssie deeply for many reasons, but mostly for her complete lack of jealousy and her total trust in his love for her.

It was a huge turn on for him. His mouth found her ear and he whispered very softly to her so nobody else, not even Suzy could hear. "Yeah feel that, you evil woman, that hard lump? It's all your fault you know..."and she giggled madly, making Suzy stare at her. He cleared his throat. "Hmmmm, Suzy you do look beautiful, good enough to eat.." he teased, enjoying seeing Suzy's cheeks redden. Kryssie gripped harder and he groaned and extricated himself, swatting her butt as he reluctantly moved towards his class. He walked a little bit then turned and watched Kryssie's gorgeous round butt and Suzy's sexy legs as they walked away from him. Letting out a loud groan he called out "Oh man I hate to see you go but, girls, I LOVE to watch you leave..." and then turned and ran so he would not be late.

Chatting like old friends Kryssie and Suzy walked to class, and almost grudgingly went their separate ways. Kryssie had schooled Suzy well and in detail on how to hold and how much to drink, so as to pace herself throughout the day. Kryssie was almost as excited about Suzy's plans for her secret crush as Suzy was, and with only a very slightly full bladder and a full morning of holding ahead, she was already quite horny.

The day went by as days do, and as this was summer, the day got warmer as a balmy breeze blew across campus, shaking loose a few leaves from the trees that shaded the large university grounds. Kryssie loved summer, and she was smiling softly when she entered her last class of the day. It was once again English Literature with Dr Read. Her cheeks flushed as she remembered what had happened after her last class with him, and she felt a warm flash of desire in her lower tummy, as her hand absently found the roundness of her tummy and the full bladder underneath.

She walked in and slid behind her desk, swinging her laptop bag off her shoulder and laying it next to her. She looked around and caught sight of Suzy at the back of the room, and waved. Suzy waved back. She had almost turned away when she saw the way Suzy's face changed as her eyes focussed on something. She turned to see what Suzy had seen and was surprised to see her looking at Dr Read as he entered the room~! So HE was the man Suzy wanted? And, as she remembered what Suzy had said, she realised it was Dr Read that liked girls when they had "accidents".

She reddened and drew in a sharp breath as she recognized the implications of what Suzy had told her. HER 'fake' accident in his class the other day must have turned him on, and Suzy must have seen that. The thought embarrassed her and also turned her on. She glanced back at Suzy, who in her role as TA was sitting at the back monitoring the class. So Suzy wanted Dr Read? Well she hoped fervently Suzy would have the courage to pursue him as planned.

James Read could not help but find Kryssie's desk when he entered. He remembered vividly watching her wet herself last time she had been in this class, and the memory of how the wetness has streaked her jeans and splashed around her feet made his cock harden slightly. Damn it had been so hot, and she was already such a hot girl. Now he would never get her out of his mind. And he sure did try. All week he had been looking forward to this class, to the possibility of her being desperate in class. He felt bad about lusting after a student, but hell, the vision of her sitting at his desk, thighs clenched, hand between her tightly clenched thighs, sweat on her brow, those soft sighs she had made...

Suzy watched and saw James - Dr Read - gazing surreptitiously at Kryssie and bit her lip. She hoped it had more to do with Kryssie's "accident" the week before than with Kryssie herself. She had felt good all day, basking in the compliments students and teachers had given her on her new look, but James had yet to see her. She felt a tightening in her groin and lay her hand over the fullness of her bladder, hoping her plan would make Dr James Read look at her as he never had before.

James could not help keeping a surreptitious eye on Kryssie during class and he noticed her fidgeting more than once, as he also noticed her left hand pushing down her skirt between her thighs. He knew he was not concentrating so he gave the class some class work so he could sit behind the desk and pretend to mark assignments while he watched Kryssie. The desk also allowed him to hide the tell-tale bulge in his pants as he watched her absent-mindedly suck the end of her pen while she thought, as he watched her cute yellow sundress ride up her thigh as he moved in her seat, as he noticed the way the bodice of the sundress fitted across her ripe full bosom. He scarcely noticed when Suzy walked out with a few students who had finished their class work, and he did not see her walk down left into his office and from there back into the file room.

Kryssie was well aware of Dr Read's occasional glances and almost smiled as she realised he was hoping she would be desperate again. She knew Suzy had been drinking all morning so she reckoned Dr Read was in for a rare treat. Once in a while she watched him through her lashes and again she concluded that he was indeed a good looking man, albeit that he was a little old for her. However, knowing his lust for pee play did turn her on and if she did not have Chris is her life she would have been tempted to get to know him better, or to try to at least. But, not only did she have Chris, but Dr Read was Suzy's crush and she would never hurt her in any way.

However, she thought slyly, smiling slightly, she could help Suzy a little by getting him hot under the collar a little... So she fidgeted a lot, allowing glimpses of her thighs, and she sucked on her pen, and once let her hand find her lower tummy and rub the fullness of her bladder there, thoroughly enjoying herself. She saw Suzy move into Dr Read's office before the class emptied and smiled to herself. She finished the last question and packed up, making sure she was one of the last to do so. Then she walked down to the front and put her paper on the desk, looking directly into Dr Read's eyes. He looked up when she approached and never took his eyes off her face as she did so. Then he offered her a seat and talked a little about what she needed to do for the Turner award competition. she saw him glance towards his office door and she supposed he wished they were discreetly inside his office again.

James watched as Kryssie bent to pick up her laptop bag and as she moved down the aisle towards him. Damn she was so beautiful. Again a small voice in his head was shouting "Student, remember? Stu-dent~!!" but he could not stop watching her and asking her to sit, smelling the scent of strawberries as she did so. They talked a while and he watched almost breathlessly as she fidgeted more and more. He was so hard inside his trousers he thought he would burst as he watched a stray curl of hair caress her soft neck. All too soon she stood up and he had no earthly reason to keep her there. She reddened slightly as she shook his hand goodbye.

"Sorry to rush, Dr Read," she said in her soft voice. "but, well, um, you know... well I am trying to avoid what happened last week..."she said her eyes meeting his as she said this, her cheeks flushed, and he felt a stab of desire pulse through him as her eyes met his, her hand was in his, and she was alluding to her delightful desperate wetting of her jeans the week before. Damn~! He almost came as she looked down sweetly then tucked her hair behind her ear and left, walking carefully as if scared she would pee right there. James watched her round cheeks move underneath the sundress and wished he could see her wet herself again.

Kryssie smiled to herself, silently applauding her acting she had deliberately fidgeted just to arouse Dr Read so he would already be quite turned on when Suzy made her move~! As she turned and walked away, she was smiling. Of course her bladder was full and she was close to being desperate but she was not yet there. None the less as she walked she got a wicked idea, and with a little effort she managed to let a small trickle go as she walked, knowing a small little stream would run down the inside of her thighs, and, deliberately turning to walk in such a way that the little trickle would be seen by Dr James, she walked out, loving the feel of the small warm droplets running down her thigh and calf, relishing in the warm wet little patch in her nice cotton panties with the lace inserts through which her red pubes peeked.

As James watched her walking away, he caught a glistening on her inner thigh as her legs flashed open with her steps. His heart thumped in his chest and his breathing stopped momentarily as he focused and watched fascinated at the small wet stream on Kryssie's inner thigh. His tongue came out and licked his lips as he saw the drops run slowly down her inner leg~! His one hand absently slid below the desk and rubbed the hardness of his aching cock. All too soon she was gone, and he sat behind his desk a while until he had some control over himself. Then he sighed, shook his head, and gathered up the student's papers before walking to his office where he planned to relieve his tension somewhat while remembering Kryssie's accident last week, and those sweet drops he had seen on her legs today.

Suzy waited in the file room off Dr Read's office, her bladder was full, almost painfully so and she remembered how Kryssie had told her to relieve the pain. Memories of the fun they had had came flooding back and she found herself rubbing herself through her newly bought sheer pink panties. The crotch was already damp and it got wetter as she rubbed, and soon the pain of her desperation faded, and was replaced by pure sexual arousal. She was half lost in her own emotions when she heard a noise outside, and looking through the window, she saw Dr Read enter and dump some papers on his desk. She watched him rub his crotch before sitting and she felt herself get even wetter as she watched him. She knew what she wanted and how to achieve it but not how to start it all. How did she bring up her desperation?

James was still thinking of Kryssie, and also of flashes of a hot movie he had downloaded the previous night. Wow~! that girl had been gorgeous, and she had peed like a water hose, right through her panties. He had watched it and then rushed to the bathroom so he could lie in his bath and relieve his own full bladder, closing his eyes and imaging first the porn star then Kryssie standing over him, pretending it was someone else's warm wonderful pee washing his balls, running over his stomach and chest. He had peed so much it had pooled underneath him, warm and wet, and when he had finished he had stroked his sopping wet pee soaked cock, cumming quickly, cumming hard, his cum mixing with his pee on his wet body. Just thinking of it made his cock buck in his pants and he was just about to unzip and enjoy himself when he heard a noise.

He nearly fell off his chair when he heard steps, and then he saw someone move out of the shadows from the file room. He caught a glimpse of blonde hair in the light over his desk, and for a moment thought the girl from the porn movie had somehow come alive or that he was dreaming. Then he saw a flash of a long shapely leg in a white stocking. What the hell...? Suddenly there was a squeal and he focused and saw that the girl who had been approaching was Suzy~! Suzy?~! Could this really be Suzy?

She looked so different. So sexy. He adored Suzy, she was extremely intelligent, and sweet and a little shy. He had never really looked at her as a woman, she was just great company and an awesome teacher's aide. Now his mouth opened in surprise as he saw that she was indeed all woman. He watched her walk up to his desk, cheeks flushed, looking flustered. Hell she was pretty, how had he never seen that before? He found himself unable to say anything as she sat on the edge of the desk, her short denim skirt riding up on her thighs, one stocking clad leg thrown over the other.

"Gosh I am so sorry Dr Read," Suzy said in her sweet, slightly breathless voice. She giggled, wriggling a little as she did so, hoping it looked real as this was not something she did normally. Mentally she kept imaging how Kryssie would do it, and remembering her advice. She was spurred on by the warm full feeling of her bladder and her own sexual arousal. "I just got such a fright, I was so busy in the file room I never even heard you come in, and when I walked out and there you were... well..." she lifted her head slightly, curling a strand of hair in her fingers.

James looked at Suzy as if he was in a trance. She was acting so differently. Usually she was all business and even a little shy. Why, if he did not know better, he would think she was flirting."You... wow, you look gorgeous," he stammered. "Really, Suzy you do. Where are your glasses?''

Suzy flushed at the compliment. "Oh Kryssie helped me get contact lenses," she explained, feeling so much more confident as it became evident that she had Dr Read's full attention.

The mention of Kryssie was like a kick to his gut as unbidden the image of her smiling face came to mind, now together with an image of Suzy's cute heart shaped face as well. Gosh her eyes were so blue. He was mesmerised by her soft, shiny pink glossed lips and he could not help moving his gaze down, noting small but high pert breasts through her white blouse underneath her denim waistcoat. His eyes moved down to those gorgeous long legs with shapely calves and slender ankles. They moved back up to the flesh of her thighs between the stockings and her denim skirt. Before he could stop the thought he found himself wondering what panties she was wearing. If she was wearing any. The bulge in his pants moved again and he had to move his hand below the desk and rub it again.

Suzy could feel Dr Read's eyes on her and for once instead of feeling self conscious she felt sexy. She saw out of the corner of her eye how his hand moved down below the desk, and her breath caught in her throat. She had to move this along somehow, she realised. She turned slightly and looked directly at the man she desired as she put both hands down between her thighs, pushing her denim skirt between her thighs as she did so, and moaning slightly. Pretending embarrassment she gasped "Oh sorry, Dr James," she said quietly, "I was on my way to the ladies room," she gasped again and doubled over slightly, not completely acting. The moment she had even thought of the toilet her bladder had contracted half painfully. She saw the way his eyes glazed when she mentioned her need, and knew she was on the right track. "I am so sorry can I just sit a moment? If I get up now..." she left the sentence unfinished, and moved the hands between her thighs, pushing hard against her crotch.

James was already so turned on by Kryssie and then from Suzy's amazingly hot transformation, and the fact that she was sitting right on the edge of his desk. When she said she needed to go pee he thought he would faint as all the air seemed to evaporate from his lungs. When she moaned softly and leaned forward, pushing her hands up between her legs, he had to stop himself from reaching out and touching her. Instead he sat a while gaining some self control. When he trusted himself, he stood up and went to her side. "Are you okay, Suzy?" he asked, trying to sound concerned rather than delighted."And remember I have asked you several times to call me James, you are scarcely a student any more now." He was now stood right next to her and he reached out to pat her shoulder. "Can I help you at all, Suzy?" he asked softly. She looked up at him, her beautiful blue eyes shining with tears, biting her bottom lip between straight white teeth.

Suzy looked up at James and saw the desire in his eyes as well as some genuine concern. God he was gorgeous~! She so wanted to just lean forward and press her lips to his. But she didn't quite have the guts. She looked up at him. "Will you help me stand?" she asked.

"Of course," James answered, taking her elbow. James helped her stand, and was surprised to see she was almost as tall as he was, her lovely face inches from his, she was so close he could feel the heat of her body. Trying not to just grab her and bend her over the desk, feeling a painful movement of his rock-hard cock, he distracted himself by asking "Why on earth did you wait so long to go to the toilet, Suzy? "

Suzy swallowed. She had two choices now. Fake an accident like Kryssie had, or be more honest. She wanted to be honest - well sort of - so she gathered her courage, and reddening even more she met his eyes briefly before looking shyly down again. "I... um... well I know this is weird, Dr... I mean James. But... ummm..." she looked up again and finished in a rush all her words strung together. "I like how it makes me feel when I hold as long as I can..."

James hand tightened involuntarily on Suzy's arm when she spoke. His mind could barely take in what she had said. "What?" he said, bewildered, but his eyes were shining with pure lust.

Suzy swallowed hard and held his gaze. "I like to hold, James," she said firmly although with a slight tremor in her soft voice. "It feels so good ... and then I like to just let go..."

James looked at Suzy in amazement then smiled. "You are kidding," he said, shaking his head, the hand on her elbow now rubbing slowly up and down her arm.

"No, James," Suzy said even more firmly, moving closer to James, her body pressing against him. "It feels so so good. And you know what?" She asked a little challengingly. "I like to cum when I am desperate and just let it flow out as I orgasm..."

James swallowed, and felt the precum erupt from his cock wetting his pants inside. He pulled Suzy closer and his lips found hers. Her lips were sweet and her tongue soft and warm and she murmured softly against him, her hands wrapping round his back and pulling him even closer. She could feel his hardness against her, pressing into her bladder delightfully. After what seemed like ages they broke away and James went to lock the office door before kissing her again, hungrily, deeply. Her hands moved down to his hard firm butt, and his moved up against her velvety skin under her skirt, delighting in the feel of her soft sheer panties. He groaned and slipped a finger underneath her panties feeling the wet heat of her. He stopped for a moment to look at her. Gosh she was so gorgeous. "How badly do you need to go?" He asked and she moaned again.

"Really badly," she answered and grabbed his hand, pushing it up under her skirt so he could feel the hardness of her full bladder under her skirt and above the line of her panties. "Where do you want me to pee?" she asked feverishly, not even asking if he did want it, she knew he did, she could feel his bulge.

James groaned when her hand held his and led him to her lower tummy and he could feel the hardness of her full bladder underneath his touch. His cock bucked again. He looked in her eyes and grabbed her hand, leading her into his bathroom to his shower. He was so glad he had a nice roomy shower as he stepped inside, dragging her with, then pushing her against the wall. He took off her waistcoat and threw it on the floor outside the shower as her hands unbuttoned his shirt.

She threw his shirt on top of her waist coat and her blouse and silky sheer bra followed suit. He looked down at her small high breasts and her large, erect brown nipples, and bent and sucked one softly into his warm wet mouth. She groaned and pushed his head down against her breast as she writhed. He released her nipple and moved his mouth to her lips again as he unzipped her skirt and helped her step out of it without their lips losing contact. She helped him get rid of his trousers and he pulled her to him, her breasts squashing against the hot warmth of his bare chest. She murmured again and her hands moved to remove her panties while he struggled out of his jocks.

His hands found her smooth round butt and squeezed and he pulled her roughly against him, his hard cock pushing against her, already wet and slippery. She pushed slightly away and then knelt in front of him, softly pushing her soft lips against his hardness until he slid deep into her wet hot mouth and he moaned, his hands on her head. She swallowed him deep but knowing he was close to cumming she only teased him a while before standing, looking him in the eye and asking "So, you have yet to tell me where and how you want me to pee..." her blue eyes on his.

His cock rose and fell and he slowly lowered himself to the floor of the shower, opening her legs so she was standing above him. His hand moved up to her small little pussy lips and she writhed again, rotating her hips as his fingers opened her slowly up. He leaned up and pressed his tongue between the soft folds of her pussy, licking her slippery wet clit and sliding deep into her like Kryssie's tongue the night before. He moved away and blew softly before running his wet tongue against her again, tasting her wetness. Then he looked up at her, eyes intense, slightly nervous at voicing a desire that he had kept hidden for so long. "I want you to pee on me please Suzy. Just let go so it splashes all over me, please?" Suzy looked down at him and beamed...

"Oh James..."she breathed. "I would love to..."

James opened her pussy lips again and watched as Suzy closed her eyes and concentrated. He saw as her small pee hole opened a little and suddenly a rush of golden drops pushed out. He felt them splash on his chest and he stuck out his tongue to taste, catching a few golden drops on his tongue. He moved slightly, still holding her pussy lips open, ensuring her warm sweet piss ran down his chest and over his balls, soaking his hard cock. His hand left her pussy as hers replaced his, and she aimed her flow over him while he stroked his cock.

He closed his eyes. Oh gosh this was so much better than he had imagined. He groaned aloud and writhed underneath her. Gosh she was full, her pee kept flowing as he moved underneath her to get as much of it on him and over him as he could. It felt so good and tasted so sweet. He watched her lovely sweet pink pussy with its small strip of blonde pubes as it hovered above him, he marvelled at her legs and suddenly registered that they had not taken off her stockings, she had only kicked off her pumps. Her stockings were soaked and somehow that sight was so erotic to him.

Sadly her flow eventually waned and wobbled and she jerked her hips to shake loose the last few drips. Then she sunk two fingers deep inside and withdrew them, sucking them clean. James stood up, and pulled her close and she squealed and rubbed her dry body against his wet body, her nipples hardening as she did so. He bent down and sucked her other nipple, tasting her pee on it, from the pee dripping off his chest. Then he kissed her deeply before turning her around and bending her so her head was down, her hands against the wall. He rubbed his precum and piss soaked cockhead against her tight butt cheeks, across her cute small little starfish and then down to the wet hot centre he needed, desperately, his shaft finding her tight welcoming pussy hole like a heat seeking missile and sliding deep inside. He had wanted to take his time, but he was so desperate.

He could not stop himself driving his shaft deep inside her, sinking in as deep as it would go. God she was so wet and so tight, her velvet folds tightly but softly cocooning him in pleasure, as she pushed back against him so he could slide in even deeper, softly making "uh, uh, uh.." sounds with each inward thrust.

Suzy was in seventh heaven. She could not believe James, her dear Dr Read, was inside her, thrusting deep, filling her with his hard cock, grunting in pleasure. And what was more, he was soaked in her golden fluids. Oh this was good, so so so good. She could not believe it, but between the holding and the fact she was with James, all wet and slippery from her pee, while he fucked her hard, made her ready to cum quicker than she had ever thought she would.

James stroked hard and deep, desperate, and he felt her pussy muscles push against him, felt her body shake, heard her breathing deepen and knew she was about to cum. He stroked even harder and deeper and as she shuddered and clenched against him he felt his own orgasm build, felt the pressure inside and then groaned as he came in a flood of sweet wet relief. Spent, he collapsed against her till his cock softened and slid out, and he turned her so she slid against him, and they lay in a heap on the shower floor. Her head rested on his shoulder and he wrapped his arms around her. God, he had cum like never before. He turned and looked at her, smiling softly. "Whew, Suzy, you are some hot woman. Wow."

Suzy giggled as she looked at James, it had been good. Hot and hard and fast and wet. Wow. She hoped it would not take him long to recover, she wanted him to pee on her this time. She snuggled against him and sighed softly. Wait till Kryssie heard about THIS!~!

