The Holiday Chapters 13 to 14

27th February 2012, 07:25 AM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

The previous Taster...

They have arranged for this party to meet together at their place and I've been invited. They don't know about you yet, but they will like you, I know. It'll be wet and messy, and a lot of fun. What do you think?»

Fi Explains the Pee Party Rules

"You see", Fi said, "They were all into horses as teenagers and four of them in their thirties now live together. Sam and Angela are sisters, and Brandon and Patrick are cousins who married them. That is Angela and Brandon and Sam with Patrick. They live together, in a huge house shaped like a Maltese cross, quite near the county town and also near the river, on a huge tract of land we nicknamed "The Womb"; and they know lots of contacts who like to share their interests.

They have arranged for this party to meet together at their place and I've been invited. They don't know about you yet, but they will like you, I know. It'll be wet and messy, and a lot of fun. What do you think?» «Sounds fascinating - but do you really think I'll fit in? All of you must know just what the others enjoy and I'm a newcomer.» Fi commented, «It's not like that, each of us usually takes a friend and some of those will be new too. Please come, I want them to see you in action. But you'll need several sets of clothes and any toys you fancy or you'll stay wet from Tuesday to Saturday! Oh! And definitely bring your camera - I've long wanted some really good shots of us peeing together»

Chapter 13 - Sunday 10th July 2005

After an eventful night which I'm not going to explain (we need some privacy you know...), we made ourselves a couple of mugs of tea, grabbed breakfast and went outside. Sitting a couple of plastic chairs, I asked, «So just what do you do at these parties then?», Fi replied. «Well, everything and anything really. You've discovered how nice a stream of pee can feel, and taste. They'll be some contests, like how far, how much, who can fill their pants fastest, how high and so on. There'll be group pissing when we see how wet we can make the person next to us and there will be plenty to drink! Beer, lager, wine, juices and gallons of water.

«They'll explain things in more detail on the first evening but sex will play a part and we don't mind others looking on. I have learned a lot of good tricks for love-making watching friends at play. You had the benefit of one on our first night when I flicked my ass up and my pee went all over your face!

"One of the things I've really enjoyed, besides the company, because we get into quite serious discussions sometimes, is the freedom to be able to piss without worrying who will see or what they will say. You see, whilst the Dobbin's place not all that far from a big town, it's two miles out along a narrow dead-end track and shielded from prying eyes by fields and the river which is very wide at that point. There's no one else living nearby except the staff who live on the estate and who are in any case almost part of the family and who like to make the parties go OK. Some join in when their duties permit.

"You can be sitting round a table out in the garden on a warm afternoon, in just your underwear or in the nude if you're comfortable - with a pint or three of cold beer inside you and another at hand and feel the urge to pee. And just let it out. Sit, stand, squat, even lie down and just piss. And not be surprised other guests watch and touch your flow.

"Because the English weather isn't all that reliable they sometimes use a big barn on the estate. In any case they do have a stage put up in there, with seating on three sides, great spotlights and good drainage on the fourth. That's where we have some of the quantity contests in the evenings. And on the last evening we do a parade when we dress up in tight jeans in light colours which go dark when they get wet. Then we walk about drinking more and more and peeing copiously and get thoroughly wet. The men also wear tight clothes and have to keep drinking. The aim is to see how much they can take in before they overflow. The last one to leak wins the prize. Then they start filling up again.

Later they change out of their wet trousers and put on briefs but this time each one is not allowed to pee until his designated girl, allocated by the judges, makes him spurt out their spunk! Meanwhile the girls not allocated to a man try very hard to make them piss - the man has to pay a forfeit to the girl nearest to them when they let go. It's up to her to make up a suitable forfeit for them. It often involves drinking more and sometimes the man has to piss on the girl's clothes or face or clit or something - but neither party can sit or kneel down for the payment!

By the time every man has shot his load or cried off, we are all very messy and have a communal dip in their heated pool, which is fed by a tributary of the river by the way. It's OK, they filter the water and pump the effluent into a waste tank before it goes downstream! The 'waste' is pumped out onto their fields to add to the phosphate levels in the soil.

"I once saw on the internet a photo taken at an American Barn party. Most people on stage were naked and some of the onlookers too. They use a lot of cold water from hoses and jugs at their events - the weather's much warmer - but I reckon it's to try to make them piss as well. One woman on the stage was naked apart from some strings of beads round her neck. Her pussy almost totally shaved and she was looking with great interest at the competitor next to her who was having water poured over her.

"But she just stood there pissing out a languid silver jet from her slit; it kinda came straight out a few centimetres then almost lazily dropped to the floor. She was entirely unselfconscious about it; she may even have been unaware she was letting go. Obviously it was a natural thing for her to do - but it was a huge turn-on for me! I've tried it a few times at the Dobbin's but never so successfully as she.

"So they have a few "Golden Rules" for a wet and happy time. The first, and one I haven't told you yet, is, when you arrive you must piss in the trough they have in the entrance foyer. You don't get in until your bladder's empty of many of the impurities you may have brought with you.

"People always stop to watch your first stream and you'll do the same for any who come later. The trough is shaped so that the girls can position themselves easily either by straddling or hovering over it. If when you arrive you need to have something more than a pee, you still have to do a pee first, then the closets are across the way. But be warned, none of the public toilets are fully enclosed, none has a door, and they have clear glass side-panels too. Also they are not segregated into sexes either. We aim to get rid of inhibitions at these parties.

"A second rule is that we respect recognised partners. Intimate sex is strictly limited to your partner. But you can expect to receive, and give, pee from and to anyone of either sex and any age. Usually it's so diluted with wine, cider or juices that even if it does splash into your mouth (and some people do contrive that to happen - I've done it too) it's a real pleasant experience.

"Thirdly, things can go on into the early hours, but when we eventually wake up again, we do our first pee of the day on the patio at the back of the house. There is another trough like the one at the front there.

"Fourthly, we allow photography and use the internet to send pics to one another, but we never show them to people outside the group unless they are about to join us.

"Fifthly, there's no age limit, except that no-one under eighteen is allowed at the parties. So long as the are over eighteen they can take part in all the activities and competitions, though we do keep an eye on the teenagers to avoid excesses.

"And finally there is a charge of 60 per person per 24 hours. We do that to cover food, accommodation costs and all that lovely wine etc. Think of it as an exclusive bed and breakfast with amazing extras!

"Other things: In some nudist camps there are strict rules about men not displaying an erection. We don't have those rules. Seeing a stiff cock is all part of the fun. Or, if it comes to that, so are erect nipples or a hard clit.

"You are encouraged to touch, and if you think there is immediate need, make an offer of, what the old massage parlours used to call "hand relief". Few of us will turn a willing helper down - it's much too nice an experience to miss that sort of help. Sometimes it can be mind-blowing if their technique is really good. Tom used to be an expert. Other women would almost queue up waiting for the touch of his fingers!

"Didn't you mind?" I asked incredulously. "Of course not" Fi answered, "it was always of mutual benefit. The women often had little tweaks that made their cumming more enjoyable. And Tom and I tried them out together later. Some worked, others didn't; but it was fantastic fun trying.

«Oddly enough though, we attract very few gay people - most seem to like to be male/female couples or just a single ready to enjoy whatever is on offer.

"But it is pissing we do best and like most. You'll be amazed at the different positions and quantities and distances that can be achieved by the women. Their pee doesn't have to travel as far as yours to meet the outside air and they can get quite accurate with a little practice! Now, Alex, will you come with me?", Fi pleaded.

" I wouldn't miss it for anything", I replied. "The journalist in me is fascinated; the masculinity I can feel throbbing between my legs right now, is something much more. I can't wait! Speaking of that", I continued, "How would you like to relieve my stiff cock right now?" Reaching out she took the tip between her fingers and began to twist and gently pull. I must have been more ready than I realised because a jet of cream spurted out over her hand and arm only seconds later. Several more pulses squirted over her and onto her jeans. Smiling, she gently wiped her skin and jeans with a paper handkerchief. She said, "Gosh! You really were ready for that!" Spreading her legs apart her golden juice dripped beneath her chair and formed a large pool. Looking round at me, she saw that that simple act had caused my cock to stiffen.

###

The rest of our time went by in a haze of golden sunshine days, blue seas, and lots of wet surprises! I can report that only once when we were in a town, did I use a proper lavatory to pee in! Fi, too, contributed water a-plenty to our relationship over those glorious days. One day we climbed up into the mountains in the middle of the north coast of the peninsula; on another we took the Welsh Highland Railway and on a third, spent lots of hours on the fabulous 5 km beach at Hell's Mouth so popular for surfers. That day we also explored the hills to the north of the beach from where you can look southwards to Cardigan Bay. There were places to walk, places to picnic, lie, make love and just let go our pee when we felt like it. There's nothing like wet love for bonding us together, I discovered.

We packed up late on Thursday 21st and set course for Fi's home, so that I could collect my stuff and my van before going to my next job on the next day. Fi asked, «What is your assignment?»

I answered, "I have to go a photograph a specialist girls' art college exhibition. They are all adults and my agent picked me because he knows I like nudes. Several of the 'exhibits' in the live class are girls from the college. Most of them will be totally or partly naked as like as not, and I'm apparently better able to control myself than any other photographer's he knows! It will be an all-day event, until about 4.00pm. I was looking forward to it - now I don't want to leave you."

Fi said, "You go and enjoy your nude girls. Not many men could get to do that legally! Then we'll meet up afterwards for a drink perhaps and go home together.

###

Do you know, by the time we arrived back at 'Fir Trees' I was really glad to be alone with Fi once again. I'd had a great time both in Wales and then at the party, but I wouldn't have wanted to keep up the pace for much longer.

On the Friday I set out about 7.00am for the College and when I returned 12 hours later Fi asked, "Well, tell me about yourday."

"Ah", I answered, "it was a bit unusual. The end of year exhibition had the best work from all the years, so the students range from 18 to 21. At the lower end of the scale there were some superb paintings, sculpture and metalwork pieces.

"By the time they are in their last year they are permitted, no, encouraged, to experiment with the nude figure. This might include anything, including sexual union and young men from a nearby college are invited to pose for them. One of the pieces was a life-size papier-mache sculpture of a young couple standing closely together. They were nude, and were positioned on a plinth, so from below you could see his balls, and part of his cock, penetrating her.

Another piece of similar material, had a woman squatting, and by a clever bit of electrics, every now and again this piece would pee a stream of yellow water into a clear bowl. It must have been rigged so that it recycled. Fortunately papier-mache doesn't look real, otherwise I could have been fooled by it!

But the strangest of the exhibits was more than intentionally lifelike. That's because it was two of the girls, nude, with body paints all over, reds, greens, purple, blue, yellow. And their hair coloured too. One had a full bush of pubic hair and the other was totally shaved. She had a huge clit, firm breasts and a great bum and was very sexy.

They walked around talking with other pupils, staff and the visitors. I took lots of pictures of the whole thing and some of the acceptable ones will get published in Artwork Today and with a bit of luck in the national press.

«Gosh!» Fi said, in response to my description. «Did you get some good material? When can I see it?»

We settled into a routine where Fi enjoyed herself doing odd bits of work here and there, mainly voluntary. I did some assignments, but Tom had left her a very rich woman and neither of us had to work for fear the money would run out. It's not many people who have that privilege I know, but we made the most of it.

The next week went by quickly, with me going over to Loughborough twice to pick up my things and to terminate my rental agreement with my landlady. She was sorry to see me go, but had students already seeking digs and could easily fill the vacancy.

During the days we were together, Fi and I often got wet, in the shower, just about every other room in the house, out in the garden and out in the fields. I still recall with huge satisfaction the sight of Fi straddled over me with a stream of delight flowing from that fabulous slit between her legs, set against a kingfisher blue sky with the bubbling call of the skylark accompanying our pleasure.

Chapter 14 - Monday 1st August - The Dobbins' and the Womb

On 1st August we arrived at the Dobbins' place soon after lunch, having picked up Jill from her home on the way. Her husband had raised no objections and seemed pleased she had been asked. We discovered we were nearly the first there, though about twenty were expected.

Standing in the hall were two girls, Jardine and Alison, in their twenties. One was pulling up her jeans, but Jardine had hers round her ankles and her pants pushed down and she was pissing into the trough by the simple means of just sitting on the edge and letting go. It was a delight to watch. Also there was Terry, a friend of Jardine's, streaming a long jet of gold from his cock. They had travelled together.

I stood beside them and contributed my obligatory pee and she reached out and touched my flow splashing it onto herself and back onto me. She smiled and said, «It's going to be fun this week, isn't it?» As I spurted my last drops they both clapped in approval. Fi then took over and stood facing the trough, as did Jill. We all watched appreciatively as streams of pale gold flowed from their loins and as it flowed down towards the outlet valve. As this latter was closed a large pool of 'mixed pee' was building up.

Three minutes later an extraordinary party arrived. Travelling in a black Range Rover, there were four generations of them! The driver and his wife (Paul and June, I later discovered) were in their mid forties. Accompanying them was their daughter, Sylphide, aged almost 19, his mother Margaret, 63, and Margaret's mother Grace, who was then 84!

Sylphide was dressed in a light blue blouse and one of those short skirts with black tights underneath. With long blonde hair and youth on her side she was stunning. Walking up to the pee trough, she simply lifted her hem and pushed down her tights to just above her knees in an easy flowing motion, revealing beautiful smooth buttocks. Beneath her tights was a pair of light blue panties which she pulled aside to show her petite pussy, with trimmed blond fur surrounding it. Standing about three feet back from the trough...

Getting interested ? Next part after MY holiday!

