So close!

12th June 2006, 08:22 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Remember a while back, I posted about an incident with a lady who was at that time a fairly casual acquaintance? Someone who was not at all into peeing games, but ended up pissing herself when horribly drunk one night?/

Anyway, it's on here somewhere...This is a lady who rarely uses public loos, and would probably risk wetting herself rather than taking a squat in the great outdoors. Remember that.! She is no one for stating that she needs to go - there'll be clenched thighs, crossed legs, or jiggling if she's sitting, but no holding or gasping, nothing like that. At most, there'll be "I gotta go loo" in a quiet, embarrassed whisper.

I mentioned that she was, sex wise, of the "Vanilla" variety - conventional, no frills, toys, or fetishes, but quite simply the best, most instinctive lover I have ever met. Anyway, things have moved on a bit, and we are now to all intents a couple - though we do not live together. This is a tale about lazy mornings, and a chance too good to pass up - but not something that is likely to happen with any regularity. There's not actually that much pee involved - most of it stayed on the inside, but the potential was there...

This lady sleeps very soundly - and if woken suddenly will possibly panic, or even lash out. We now know each other really well, and I have discovered two ways of waking her, with help, naturally! And (If we are on the same wavelength) arousing her, first thing in the morning. The first is not really relevant to this board, but she loves having her neck and shoulders, then her back, kissed and nuzzled. It takes a while but is guaranteed to turn her on. So, if she turns onto her front while half asleep, this is my cue! I don't mind, she has a truly fabuous body I could kiss and cuddle her for hours if needs be. This is for mornings when I have to get to work, and she is to drive me there - she needs to wake up and I am her alarm clock

The other way is more intimate, and possibly more risky. She's happy for it to happen, and I effectively have permission to try this providing she's in the right position.

If she's lying on her back, duvet strewn across the bed (It's been warm here of late), then I can ever so carefully nuzzle my way between her legs - these will part for me if she's ready to play, and kiss her in that most delicate, intimate place until she wakes up and we move things along. Last Sunday, I woke around eight, after a decent night out, and after getting a drink and making tea for both of us, was drawn to one long, shapely leg - raised and parted from the other which was straight out in front. I looked at her naked form, her face peaceful, eyes closed, her small breasts rising slowly as she breathed in a half-sleep.

Simply could not resist it. Down I went, her legs already parted somewhat, parted further as I kissed her lips. For some 10 minutes or more, I maintained a gentle rythym, tongue in and out of her pussy, licking her up to her clitoris, then down and back inside of her. Slowly, gently, just keeping the rythym. All the while, her breathing gradually increased in intensity, and after a while, one arm reached down to touch mine, jjust a touch, but one that said, OK! carry on...

I did so, and am soon rewarded with further movement, as she lifted her hips, pushing my tongue further inside of her as I kiss and lick her. She then said something. Just a whisper, but I caught it. "Oh! There's always a down-side"

"Mmm?" I replied, I was busy, after all.

"I have to go to the loo" she said.

"Later, baby"

"OK" - in a husky voice - one I have labelled her "Fuck me now" voice. She's turned on, and happy to have me lead. It really is husky when she's turned on, too!

Not quite sure what to do next, I settle for returning to that rythym, and am again rewarded with the rising hips as I tongue her. This is followed by one hand now gripping my arm, and I sense that she is about to peak. Her orgasms are powerful, and (So she says) arrive almost unannounced. (Actually, she's an incredibly sensitive person - We've managed to bring her off fully clothed before now Just through her straddling me, and grinding her pussy into my groin, while both of us were dressed but that's not for here either)

Anyway, I find myself being pressed hard into her pussy, as she suddenly peaks - and while she shudders and presses herself ever harder into my face, I feel a spurt. I taste something that I've not actually tasted before. She, albeit briefly, lost control. In the general exitement of it all, I don't think that she even noticed, but she did wet herself slightly. I carried on licking, and noticed a distinction between the sweet, almost syrupy juice that I love to lap while going down on her and a sharper, more fluid liquid that was on her lips, pubic hair, and even the inside of one thigh.

Quite a spurt then! As she came down again, I moved up and into her (After all, this was too good to pass up, right?) and we made love properly. I knew all the time that she was desperate to go - she obviously knew it too, but because she had come already, managed to resist a repeat which would almost certainly have resulted in a flood. Knowing she needed to go was almost too much for me - but not quite.

Generally when she peaks first, especially after having woken her in this way, I get a look that says "Wow" and get those three words that mean so much to a romantic old sod like me - we are in love, and it's always nice to hear them, right? I got the look this time, and a quiet whisper again "Baby, I really need to go loo" A smile playing across her lips - I continue, she's still enjoying herself, her eyes close again, and the smile is still there. I think she's humouring me. She does know of my interest in full bladder sex, after all!

Her words have done for me though, and as I push deep inside her, reaching my own peak, she shudders a little - an aftershock she calls it! and we press close as both of us settle. After the briefest of pauses, she smiles again; bucks slightly and says "Go on. Get off or you'll have a soggy bed - and I don't mean the usual wet patch either".

I know never, ever to force this particular issue - and as I've said, the straight stuff is always 10 out of 10 for us anyway.

Naturally I complied, let her up and drank my tea while she relieved herself.

I might try and engineer a repeat, but would have to be careful...

Watch this space folks.

