/getting-paid-in-more-then-one-way-one-weekend-part-2/38215/

Getting Paid In More Then One Way One Weekend Part 2

31st October 2009, 12:56 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I helped the black woman up froom the edge of the tub. I walked her back over to the toilet which this time she did put the set down this time. She said to me; Help me get my dress unbuttoed would you sweetie? I want to get ready for my nap before I piss. So the two of us unbuttoned all the buttons which were on the front of the dress she had on.

Then she slipped it off from each shoulder. When it slid off from her it almost went in the opening of the toilet seat! She whisked it aside and it wound up on the floor beside the toilet. She stood there for a moment which I saw that she had on a black lacy push up type bra on which only covered the lower half of her breasts!

Like I said in the first part her breasts were small at least that what showed wearing her dress. Now with the push up bra her two breasts were small but were the pointed type right where her big fat pinkish nipples were. She saw me looking them over. She giggled as she said that they were small. Wish they were bigger honey! I made her laugh hard for I told her they were fine enough looking. Anything over a handfull or mouthfull is wasted!

Then she plopped her ass down hard on the toilet seat. Then she slid her feet back on each side of the toilet which pushed her crumpled back dress on the floor as she slid her foot back on that side of the toilet. Her I go again honey she said to me very loudly. In a short second as I looked down she did start to piss.

Her piss stream right at its start this time was hard. So instead of wetting all of her pubic hair and matting it down her piss blew her pubic hair open with its hard force. Her piss was much lighter in color this time too. It was a light yellow instead of being very dark yellow like her first piss had been. Also her stream wasn't hissing but was almsot comming straight out so that hit was hitting way up inside on the side of the toilet bowl.

So high up that droplets of piss were comming out from under the toilet seat and the rim of the bow! I told her she was pissing on the floor. She took a quick look down saw her piss spraying out form under the seat and she slid her black ass back real fast hitting the tank with her ass. That now stopped her piss from spraying between the seat and the rim.

This piss was a good short hard gusher of a piss compared to the long one she took before. It was like taking a fuacet turning it on full blast and then shut it right off! Thats what her piss stream did. When it stopped it just came to a sudden stop. She laughed and then asked for my help only to help her get up off the seat. I did and she didn't bother asking me to wipe her and she didn't wipe herself ethier.

She did ask me to walk her to her bedroom so she could take a nap. I did. She sat down on the bed took off her black lacy push up bra stretched out on the bed and softly said thank you. If I'm not up when your done there honey please wake me up. I told her I would. I went back to the bathroom and went back to work putting the sinks fuacet back together.

When that one was done I did the other one too. Better to do that so that it wouldn't leak either. That was dne. Then I went to work on the leak in the bathtubs fuacet. Some time had passed which was longer then I had thought. As I worked on the tubs fuacet I thought I heard the black woman go by out in the hall. I turned and looked but idn't see her. I thought then I just had imagined it. Back to work I went.

I hadn't as it turned out. For a short time later I had fixed the leaking bathtub fuacet and was finishing it tightening it up when from behind me I head her for she asked me if I was almost done. I told her almost done. I finished tightening the fuacet ran some water out of it and shut it off. No dripping came from the fuacet. Laughing she told me that was great. No more drip drip drip!

I got up and turned around. She was standing in the doorway and she had a can of beer in her hand and she had put on a bathrobe. It was zippered barely up in the front for it was wide open up around her breasts and they were completely showing! Then she told me it was so nice to have a man in the house! You sure got a lot done for me! I told her she was welcome. Then she said to me; You know there is one more thing you could do for me. The way she said it she said very slowly the words one, could, do, and for me.

I asked her what. She smiled and told me to come with her. I followed her as we walked down the hall. She took a long sip from her can of beer turned and went into her bedroom. I walked in the room behind her. She sat right down on the end of the bed. Ok what do you need fixed in here? I asked her. I did forget my tools I said to her. I started to turn around to walk out and go get them but what she said to me made me stop dead right in my tracks!

You don't have to go get your tools. TYou already brought the tool that I want! It's already here! I want you to fix me! She said that loud and she laughed hard too when she said it! You know honey I've not had a man in such a long time and you will do! Come over here honey and let mamma have a look! Without knowing that I was stepping over to her for I was in a daze as I stepped over to her. I just wasn't believng what I had just heard and she wanted me!

When I stepped in front of her and stood there the first thing she did was slip her bathrobe right off and tossed it on the floor by the side of the bed. Then she raeched right over grabbing the front of my jeans pulled me closer to her. Then she even being drunk skillfully unbuttoned the buton on my jeans along with quickly pulling down the zipper on them. Then she took both hands yanked them down along with my boxers pushing them down to my knees.

Now seeing my tool almost right in front of her eyes she smiled a big smile looking at my fully erect tool pointng straight up. She tehn said to me; Its nice enough but it is not a big long black mans pecker! But it sure will do for this black honey! Then she grabbed my erect cok in her hand with the other put that on my ass and pushed me towards her real hard!

She took my cock as she pushed me dorward gave its head a kiss and then slipped it betwen her lips and started sucking on it! With her hand she stroked it and twisted it around ond the shaft of my cock at the same time her mouth slid back and forth on my shaft to getting it good and wet and slippery!

I started thrusting my hips back and fort which now she started making slurping noises as she slid her mouth up and down along with a moan each time she went back and forth on my cock. This was great I thought to myself. So what Istarted to do after a short time is that I started fondling her breasts and her nipples with my fingers and hands. That made her suck that much harder on me!

After enough she had enough of sucking on my cock and with my playig with her tits with my hands she pulled off from me. Your ready now to have this and soooo am I! She leaned back on the bed pointing her to her pussy! Then she slid her ass back on the bed and laid right out waiting for me. I hurridly got my jeans,boxers, socks, and shoes off. Then I ripped my shirt right off over my head and tossed it.

I got right up on the bed with her. She reached right out grabbing my hands in hers and pulled me down on to her real fast and hard. She started smothering me with very long hard wet kisses. Then after many of these kind of kisses I felt her hand on my cock and she slipped it into her very wet warm pussy. She took her legs wrapping them around me and started thrusting her hips up and down on the bed.

She shoved my head down to her breasts letting me work her hard long hard nipples slip betwen my lips so I sucked them along with massaging them with my tounge. I aslo slipped a hand down and started massaging that big clit of hers which made her let out a loud moan and a laugh and she squaeezed me harder with her legs! She also muttered out It's so nice to have a man!

We screwed had for awhile. Then she asked me if I ever had a black piece of ass. I told her never! Well honey your going to get one now. She pushed me up off from her and she went over to the edge of the bed and got off from it. I slid across the bed right behind her and got off from it also. I stepped behind her and she reached right though her thighs and grabbed my cock with her hand. She lifted it upward slding it up herasscrack till it was right on her asshole!

Then with one good backward thrust of her hips she pushed my cock hard into her asshole it slipped right up inside it since my ock was wet from her pussy. She grabbed my two hands placing them on her two tits which I started massaging them she started rocking back and forth with her ass slamming into me when she pushed her ass back. Her asshole was nice and tight and it felt so great to me as it slid the entire length of my cock!

We went pretty fast and hard but she would lean over placing her hands on the bed and would stop rocking. That would leave me to take over thrusting which she told me top go slow and I did. We did this off and on with her taking a rest. Then durring one of her rests she opened her feet wider on the floor. I also hadd took a needed stop to catch my breath and I felt my cock being slid back outward in her asshole. She was pushing for some reason.

I found out in a couple of seconds. I didn't see it at first I heard it instead. She was pissing with me up her ass! I heard the hissing and the splashing of her piss on the wooden floor. What I did was that I took a slight step to the isde and pulled my cock out far enough only leavng its head inside her asshole. Now I could see her pee stream going straight down hitting the floor making a piss puddle on it.

Feeling me pull out and move a little sideways she laughed. Watching me piss? she asked. I told her I was. You know honey I can piss on your balls too! Just slide back in and push when I push. You'll stay in! So I slid my cock back in fully inserting it. She now bent over without having her hands on the bed. I felt her push which I felt her pushing on my insterted cock in her asshole so I firmly pushed back. With her hard pushing her stream came backwards! It hit me on my balls! Knowing she had done it she laughed.

I really enjoyed it having her very warm piss wetting my balls. The only thing was it was too short of a time. Since she had to push hard to do it her pissing on them didn't last long at all. Her stream trailed off leaving my balls and she pissed for several seconds on the floor and then she stopped. But she did take and slip my cock out of her ass and back into her pussy and she took off pumping real hard! So did I.

In a matter of minutes later she came and came hard!She did warn me she was going to cum before she did. I'm going to wash you down with cum this time honey not piss! That was her warning to me. She was right for I jammed my self making her take all of my ock and my balls were pressed into her asscheeks as she started to cum.

She sreamed loudly,her body was shaking very hard. I felt warm liquid just gushing and spraying widly all over me from her pussy! It would ease up and then more would spurt out just as hard and long. She kept on screaming and shaking as she let out the spurts of cum! I don't remember how many times she did cum but it must have been a lot for I was soaked on my thighs,cock,balls and it ran down both of my legs to the floor!

When she finished cumming she got back up on her hands on the bed and then stood straight up which did make my cum soaked cock slip out from her asshole. She turned around and sat down on the edge of the bed. Looking rightat me she smiled and said to me; Now honey its MY TURN TO FINISH YOU OFF!

Bending over she slipped my cock into her mouth. She took one hand pplacing it on my asscheek and pushed in hard while the other hand went to my ock grabbed it and twisted it! She took the hand away to make room for her mouth and put it back when she was comming back up with her mouth. This time she did it much faster and harder. I was not going to last long at all with all this fast frantic action on my cock!

I didn't for only just a few minutes later I was ready to cum! She knew it too. I had a little precum squirt come out first. Either she tasted it or felt it on her tounge. Off came her hand on my ock! It went to my balls and squeezed them hard as she took her mouth all the way down my cock nd her lips were pressed into the skin of my belly at the start of my cocks shaft! She was lip locked on it and sucking for all she was worth!

I exploded wadsof cum one right after the other. She sucked hard making slurpy sucking sounds and would even grunt as she swallowed my cum right down as it must have been shooting right into the back of her throat! She never gagged! Like her I just kept on cumming though as each continuieng spurt shot out it felt less and was less. But I sure did many spurts!

I did end and she ever so slowly slid her lips up slowly on my cocks shaft. Then she did grab it with a hand before she took her mouth off from it. Then she gently twisted it around with her hand and licked away on my ocks head with her tounge. She momnetarrily did stop licking my head and said to me.Mamma just checking to see any more fresh cream! She giggled and then went back to licking my cocks head with her tounge for a few minutes longer.

Satisfied that she had no more cream to get from me and that I was satisfied. (which I was beyond belief!) She let go of my now limp cock stood up walked over picked up my jeans from the floor. She told me to shut my eyes for a moment. I id. I heard noises but wasn't sure what she was doing. My mind was racing about all the graet sex we just had done! I felt her sit down on the bed beside me. She said it was ok to open my eyes. I did. She turned her head with her hand and she kissed me gently several times in a row.

Then she told me to get dressed and I did. She didn't bother dressing letting me be theonly one to get dressed. She did stand up walked me to the bathroom gave me my toolbox. Walked to the head of the stairs and stopped. Again she kissed me gently several times in a row. Then she said thank you surgar and I knew it was time to leave.

I went down the stairs but id look back up them when I had reached the landing. She was there standing with a smile and she waved goodbye to me. I thanked her loudly which she laughed and turned around and walked away up the hall and from sight. I headed to the backdoor and went out closingit behind me.

