Sisters of Iesalia: Chapter One

26th September 2011, 04:53 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

It's been a while since I posted a story. This is because, whereas I have no fewer than four story ideas that I have repeatedly tried to write, they always turn to shit when I write them. This is very annoying, since they all seem like good ideas in my head. I don't know if there is a better way to write them, or if I am wrong and they really are shit.

The following story, by contrast, I came up with yesterday and I've managed to write down the first chapter since then. I don't think it's turned to shit. Tell me what you think. There might be a second chapter if someone likes this one.



Chapter One: In which some exploration is made of the Temple to Iesalia on the Hesen River, its function and its history, and some introduction to its Inhabitants, their offices, their lives and their Recreations.

Sisters Jisa and Fage were loudly praising the Mistress (as well as several other deities) as Sister Keala walked by the doorless entrance to Jisa's cell. Keala, unused to her simple Sister's garment and already feeling uncomfortably close to naked, decided that looking in would only make her feel more uncomfortable. Religious life was markedly different than she had expected when she promised her life to the Goddess a week ago. She hurried on through the cool, stone corridor, not wanting to make one of her Sisters wait for her.

Sister Omily was kneeling on the wide flagstones when Keala entered the Chapel of Perpetual Adoration, but she jumped up immediately. "Thank the Mistress!" she greeted Keala. "You're early. I have to pee like you wouldn't believe!" She scurried out the door in the direction of the privies. Keala stared after her, suddenly wishing she could go to the same place before starting her duty. Still, she'd only be here for two hours, and it was already a minor dereliction of her duty to allow Omily to rise before she had knelt before she had knelt; she wouldn't be responsible for leaving the chapel completely empty. Silently begging the Goddess's forgiveness, she knelt before the fifteen-foot-tall statue, bowed her brown head to the floor, and attempted to clear her mind of all but her adoration for the Mistress of Wind and Water.

The Perpetual Adoration required one Sister to be praying in this chapel at every moment of every day and night. It was a tradition dating back to the construction of the temple. Just how that had come about was unclear, but the most popular story told of how Prince Rodiri of stin had made an ill-advised bet and lost, obliging him to build a temple. Now, the prince had not the money or power to order it done, but the mysterious religious man with whom he had made the bet was patient; he disappeared, but returned during the funeral of Rodiri's revered father to inform the newly crowned King Rodiri IX that he had discovered the perfect place for a temple to Iesalia, on the bank of the Hesen where the flowing water could be heard day and night. Thus, Rodini had no more excuses and the temple was constructed and the first Sisters of Iesalia recruited, sworn to the Goddess, and dressed in the simplistic garments that would become their style.

That garment, a length of un-dyed linen with no stitching to be wrapped around the body and tied about the waist with a bit of cord, was short enough that Keala was certain her most private areas were on display to anyone standing behind her as she knelt before the statue of the Mistress. This made it hard to concentrate on her prayer  that and the slowly growing pain in her knees. The other Sisters all had hard calluses on their knees, and assured Keala that the painful scratches on hers showed that she was on her way to developing calluses of her own. She hoped that this made the Adoration easier, because if not, the seemed like only an unsightly blemish on legs that were now visible at all times. There was something else she had not considered when she had joined the Temple.

Her mother had told her the story of King Rodiri when she was young, and had described the Temple  which she had never seen  as a place of cool shadows and quiet order, where the Sisters knew their duty and did it calmly and without fuss. Keala's friends had all thought this sounded like the very definition of boredom and stagnation, but Keala was different, and the idea attracted her to the point that she had already decided by her sixth birthday that it was her future, and never questioned that decision. She'd gone to the temple immediately she was of age, demonstrated her commitment and sworn the oaths. Her mother was very proud; right now, back at the village, she'd be bragging about her daughter the Sister of Iesalia, expecting people to treat her like a queen for it, and there'd always be people willing to do it.

It was on the day after she'd taken the vows that Keala had wondered for the first time in her memory whether being a Sister was right for her. She'd just completed her first two hours in the Chapel of Adoration, and her knees were feeling like someone had beaten them with a club. She waved away Sister Omily's sympathy, saying it didn't hurt that badly while silently begging Iesalia's forgiveness for the lie, and wandered off in the direction of the privies, attempting vainly to rearrange her garment so that it covered as much of her body as the handmade dresses she was used to.

A scream from inside one of the cells attracted her attention. Worried, Keala turned back and looked through the doorless portal she'd just passed, and stared for a moment at the scene inside. Head Sister Wintharopa  a woman whose age was the subject of rumours among her inferiors, but who must have been almost 40  was seated in the cell's single, wooden chair, her garment on the floor beside her, leaning back with eyes closed and a drop of drool beginning to work its way down her chin from her wide open mouth. A younger, blonde Sister was on all fours in front of her with her bottom facing toward Keala and her face pressed between the Head Sister's legs. The Sister's right hand, though hidden by her garment, appeared to be pressed between her own legs, from whence two trails of glistening liquid travelled down the insides of her thighs.

Now, Sister Keala wondered how long she'd been kneeling in the Chapel of Adoration. It was not what she was supposed to be thinking about, but the sound of the Goddess's water flowing outside, magnified by the unique acoustics of the Chapel, were making her need to pee very quickly. She apologized to the Goddess and attempted to clear her mind again, but it was hard.

The Head Sister was gasping for breath and praising all gods with what little she had. As her eyes opened and focused on Keala, the newest Sister quickly turned and continued toward the privies, but paused again outside Sister Fage's cell, where she saw that Sister lying nude on the cell's straw pallet while an equally nude Sister Gorma lay face down on top of her, each with her nose in the other's most private area. The two were moaning with what must be pleasure, although Keala wasn't sure why. Their faces were wet with each other's liquids, and the sounds of slurping and moaning were quite obvious. Keala turned away.

Keala was really wishing she could cross her legs when she finally heard the slap of bare feet on the flags behind her. She quickly sat up, expecting to see Sister Meri, who was supposed to replace her, but was surprised instead to see Head Sister Wintharopa. Wintharopa knelt beside Keala. "I'm sorry to do this to you, child," she said in a quiet voice appropriate to the Chapel, "but Meri has a slight fever. It's nothing serious, but I'd like you to take half of her duty today. I'll send Fage in an hour early to do the rest. Is that all right?"

Keala really wanted to say, "Not now! Or, at least let me run to the privies first!" But, instead, she heard herself saying, "Of course, Head Sister. You're sure Meri will be all right soon?"

"With the Gods' help, she should be back to herself in a few days. I'll find someone else to do her duty tomorrow. Thank you, child." The Head Sister rose and quietly left the Chapel. Keala wanted to curse loudly, but instead she leaned forward again and attempted to clear her mind of worldly cares. She was not very successful.

The Head Sister had sought out Keala at supper on her first day. "I saw you watching Sister Jeya helping me earlier today," she said as she set her cup of water and bread trencher next to Keala's. The trencher was covered with a vegetable stew. Though it was simple, Keala had been glad to learn that there was enough food for everybody, an improvement over her own home some winters. Now, she regarded that food with more interest than she actually possessed, just to avoid looking at Wintharopa's eyes. "I'm sorry," she said. "I thought ... well, I heard you screaming and I kind of thought that there was something wrong. I left as soon as I realized you weren't ..."

Wintharopa smiled. "I'm not angry at you for looking, Keala. If I had something to hide, I wouldn't do it in Jeya's cell where everyone can see. No, I was worried because you seemed ... confused."

"I'm all right, really," said Keala. But this didn't stop Wintharopa from attempting to explain. It took all of the supper hour, and the gist of it was that, inasmuch as Sisters of Iesalia had much that was denied them by their vows  not that that was a bad thing, praise the Mistress  they should help each other to gain such pleasure as their own bodies offered them. An embarrassed Keala confined herself to nodding and uttering monosyllables, and was grateful when it was time for everyone to file into the Chapel of Water for the office of Salmodes, which required the Head Sister to read from the Book, thus preventing her from continuing her discourse. But, all through the service, Keala felt a tickle in her most private place, which had not been there before and made it hard to concentrate on the holy words.

Now, Keala was again having trouble concentrating, but this time it was because her entire body was shivering trying to keep her pee inside. She had known for some time that it was a losing battle, and was not surprised when she felt first one spurt and then another leak out onto the stone floor between her ankles. Thoughts of adoration forgotten, she squeezed herself shut for several more minutes, but in a chapel filled with the sound of the river, it was impossible.

Now, she let out a longer spurt, which she heard trickling directly onto the floor, and this helplessly turned into a full-scale flood. Keala burst out crying as she soiled the flagstone, unable to move from her position of prayer. Through her tears, she felt an amazing relief as her body emptied of pee.

Sisters Fage and Omily found her still lying in her puddle. Fage touched Keala's arm gently before wordlessly taking up the Adoration a few feet away. Omily put a comforting arm around Keala's shoulder. "Ssh," she said, helping her Sister to rise and wiping Keala's face with a part of her garment. "Come on. It's just water, our Mistress's favourite!" She pressed Keala's face against her soft bosom, her black hair tickling Keala's nose. "Come on, I know what will make you feel better ..."

Next Chapter: In which one Sister introduces another to a Mystery, and the latter is Suitably Impressed.

