Jon and Julia - first pee sex together at the lake

4th April 2007, 03:39 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Although Jon was 18 he'd never really had a "proper" girlfriend. He wasn't bad looking in a friendly "boy-next-door" sort of way, but he was almost painfully shy. He always felt uncomfortable around girls, and the only one he really felt close to was Julia, who he'd known since they were 8.

On this particular day, they'd both finished their final A-level exams - Jon in the morning and Julia in the afternoon, and they'd agreed to go for a walk together afterwards to clear their minds. Jon also had another motive: There was a big "end of exams" party on the Saturday, and he'd decided it was about time he tried chatting up a girl! He wanted Julia's advice.

He waited outside the school gym where Julia had been taking her exam. It was a beautiful summer afternoon and he'd already mapped the walk out in his mind - along the path to the woods, stop for a bite to eat by the lake and then back along the stream. Julia was one of the first ones out, grinning from ear to ear. She looked lovely in a short denim skirt and T shirt, but Jon was kind of oblivious to it. They'd grown up from kids, but had never done anything physical or intimate, It just didn't seem right somehow. Julia had had a couple of boyfriends, one of whom she was still vaguely seeing, but Jon had always been her closest confidente.

"OK, lead on McDuff!" she said with a daft smile.

And so, they set off down the long footpath that led to the woods. At first they chatted about exams and school, then about some of the other students, but eventually, Jon managed to steer the conversation onto the subject of relationships.

"I guess I just don't know what girls are into. They're a bit of a closed book to me."

"Girls are just people Jon. They're into all sorts of things. What kind of thing do you mean?"

"Well, you know.." he became hesitant. They'd never really discussed "intimate" issues much. "Sex kind of things."

"I can assure you, girls like sex too! I guess it's different from the way boys do in some ways, but basically the same."

And so, for the first time in their long friendship, they started talking about sex. Things got quite explicit - they both felt comfortable with each other and allowed the conversation to go where it wanted. In actual fact, Julia had as many questions as Jon. By the time they reached the lake, they were both feeling slightly heated from the erotic conversation! Jon was relieved to sit on the grass at last, before his slightly stiffened penis became too obvious.

"OK, what have you got?" asked Julia. She was referring - realised Jon with relief - to food and drink.

Jon had agreed to bring stuff to eat and drink for the walk and, opening his bag, pulled out 2 big bottles of cider.

"Blimey, I'm not sure if we'll get through all that!" laughed Julia. But it was a hot day, and they'd soon finished most of the first bottle.

They laid back on the grass, and continued their conversation. Julia was keen to know if Jon had any fetishes, or things he'd like to try.

"Well, I've not really done much. I sometimes wonder what it looks like when a girl pees though."

Julia stifled a laugh. "What?? You like to see girls peeing? Maybe you should come into the showers after hockey practise, there's plenty of girls peeing in there!"

Jon felt embaressed that he'd let this slip. But Julia's line about the showers had got him thinking and his mind started to drift.

Julia took Jon's silence as embarresment, and, not wanting to see him uncomfortable, changed the subject.

"I think I'll have a swim. Wanna join me?"

Jon was intrigued. Was she wearing a swimsuit under her clothes? He soon found out when she took her skirt and T-shirt off to reveal pants and a bra. He'd seen her in underwear before when they'd been to swimming practise together and normally he wouldn't give it much thought. But things seemed different now.

He watched Julia wade out into the lake, then bob down and start to swim. 10 metres out she turned round, treading water.

"Come on Jon, it's fantastic!"

"Errr, OK" he replied, looking round. He stood up and unbuttoned his shirt, them slid his Jeans down revealing blue boxer briefs"

"Ooh, sexy!" laughed Julia, as Jon made his way tentatively to the edge of the water. He hesitated. Seeing Julia's sexy body had stirred things in him and he was trying to sort his feelings out in his mind.

Julia however was in playful mood, and, seeing Jon lost in thought, decided to grab his attention.

"Wooo! look!" she called. Jon saw something white fly past him, and looking behind, saw Julia's bra on the grass. As he turned back to Julia, she jumped up, and for a moment he saw her breasts for the first time.

That kind of decided things. He could feel blood pumping into certain critical parts of his body, and quickly made his way to the lake before any telltale bulge appeared in his boxers.

He waded out to Join Julia, and soon the two of them were having fun, splashing each other and playfighting, laughing and shouting in the hot summer air. At one point, Julia swum under the water and pulled down Jon's boxers, throwing them onto the bank next to her bra.

And then Julia said. "I need to pee. Hang on." She was about to let go through her panties into the lake when she remembered.

"Jon, you said you wanted to see a girl pee didn't you?"

Jon blushed.

"Let me show you," she said, as she swan to the bank. As she got to the shallow water, she kept walking till she was almost at the edge, then turned round. Her thin cotton pants were almost transparent and a line of water dripped from her hair, down her left breast and hung as a droplet for a brief moment on her slightly swollen nipple.

Then, she lowered her cotton panties

, stepped out of them and stood facing Jon with her legs apart, ankle deep in the water. They looked at each other in perfect silence for a few seconds, then came the sound of Julia's piss hitting the water. It started off slowly, then grew in strength as she relaxed, soon becoming a torrent. Julia found this incredibly arousing. Her nipples stiffened further as she peed, and she started to rub herself, sending the stream swinging about infront of her. Her heart was beating like a train. She knew Jon would be enjoying this and the thought added to her arousal.

If anything, Jon's heart was now beating harder than Julia's. Eventually, her stream stopped, and she rubbed her swollen pussy sexily.

"OK, you've seen me, now it's your turn." she said, licking her lips.

"I...I can't" stammered Jon.

"Why not? I want to see you pee."

"I'm..I'm er..." Jon couldn't finish. He was tummy deep in the water, and knew precisely what was happeneing just under the surface! He needed to pee pretty desperately now, but still felt embarressed to let Julia see him.

"What's the problem?" she asked. Then a huge smile spread across her face. "Have you got a stiffy Jonnyboy?"

Jon went red.

"Uhm, well, you could say that.."

"Well come on, let me see!"

Jon started to walk forwards. His erection emerged from the water like a submarine, sticking out solidly in front of him. He normally struggled to pee with an erection, but the pressure of the cider was building rapidly, and with only a slight softening, his stream started a few seconds later. Julia reached out to hold his spraying tool, aiming it at her clit and her belly. They were both overwhelmed with lust. Jon's piss felt hot on her skin, and she put her hands into his stream. Then she got to her knees and took Jon's cock into her mouth, which immediately overflowed with urine.

Finally, Jon's flow stopped, and Julia got down on the grass, and laid back with her legs spread. Jon looked at her naked body. He needed no more invitation. Laying on top, he fed his rock solid tool into her swollen opening, and they both thrusted against each other before spasming in orgasm.

====

Jon's still basically a shy guy. But not so innocent about the ways of women these days!

