Discussing peeing with friends

21st June 2010, 05:25 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Back when I was in college I took a class called "American Sexaulity" which was really supposed to be for those going into psychology as it discussed all kinds of fetishes and deviant sexual practices.

There were 18 of us in the class and after being "assigned" various fetishes we were expected to research them and report back to the class. Since I was raised and grew up as a nudist I volunteered to report on the nudist lifestyle to the class. Most reports given if not first hand were at least "second hand" that is direct reports of talking to people activly involved in various fetishes. This class is where I first learned about Water Sports. We learned about almost every kind of fetish immaginable.

Since taking the class about half of us in the class have managed to remain in contact with each other. This year for the second year in a row 10 former class members got together this past Saturday evening for a reunion and a lively discussion of actual fetishes we have either tried or now practice on a somewhat regular bassis.

Of the 10 class members five (including myself) are now married, of the unmarried, two (one guy and one girl) are engaged to be married. The remaining three (two guys, one girl) are still uncommitted.

In the pre get together survey basically the married couples have experimented considerably more than the single members. Out of 10 individuals, four listed BDSM and their #1 fetish. Of these four all listed spanking as a main interest. My husband Josh and I listed "Golden Showers" as our main interest, although were commited nudists and live the nudist lifestyle. I briefly mentioned I have enjoyed having my breasts flogged- just once (but on a full bladder). I also mentioned I have participated in bisexual sex, and Josh and I love menstrual sex. Five couples admitted to swinging or swapping partners. The survey we took before we got together was merely to spark interest when we finally did meet again.

We all met at a major hotel where we booked a small meeting room where we could meet in private. Our discussions were quite informal and as usual we never sugar coated the words or subject matter. Josh and I began the evening by opening up the discussions about watersports. All the women in the room groaned when I stood up and admitted to being peed on my both my husband and a few other close friends. They all said almost in unison "I could never do that". About half said they could never enjoy a nudist lifestyle either. One woman said she could never enjoy oral sex, either as a giver or receiver. (Shes still single, so go figure). The other 9 particiapnts and those with partners all felt oral sex is NOT a fetish at all.

During the evening we discussed some serious and heavy subjects which I'm not going to get into here. While discussing peeing it was mostly the guys who wanted to know how to interest their wives or partners in this activity.

Josh suggested they begin by asking to watch their wife or girlfriend pee. After both are comfortable with watching or being watched Josh then suggested the next step is to move the peeing to the shower. Not surprisingly some couples were simply not interested in this subject at all and will never even think about experimentation.

Several couples admitted to wanting to experiment with other various fetishes. Generally we all agreed experimentation is good as long as its safe. The use of a safeword is always strongly suggested.

While Josh and I probably did not convert anyone into pee fetish freaks we most probably did spark an interest in the nudist lfestyle. One wife admitted to an interest in fisting, another husband is turned on by breast suspension. One guy even admitted he wants to try CBT.

No actual demonstrations of any of these things actually took place but we did talk about perhaps doing this in the future. Oh, and one more thing, Josh and I had terrific sex when we finally did get back to our room.

Its great being able to be open and honest with friends.

Josh and I are headed to another reality pee party on the 26th, stay tuned,

Emily

