Unfinished Business

18th March 2011, 01:26 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Thanks to Wsvoyeur for encouraging me to post "the rest of the story".

I was shivering as we walked out of McDonalds. The coat I had on was not quite heavy enough for the outside temperature but it was an old one and was washable. I wore an old pair of Rebocks. The sweats I was wearing were fairly new and an exact match with those worn by Josh (my husband). Both of us were naked under our sweats. My hair was all scragly, matted together and quite a mess, in addition to being damp. What makeup I began the evening with had long been washed away. To those on the opposite side of the resteranut I looked like I had just climbed out of a swimming pool. Anyone near me could easily recognize the odor of stale urine - or was it my immagination. Josh of course with his close cropped hair looked much better.

We had been sitting in a booth - sharing the same seat - with our backs to the wall trying to enjoy our coffee, but both of us had other things on our mind. Josh was sporting an erection and his sweats showed a small circle of precum. We had been through this routine before and we both knew what was ahead. As soon as I said, "lets go" we were up and on our way to the car.

The party we had just come from had not been to much different than any other pee party other than this time we did not shower before leaving. Before donning our sweats we dried off with a towel, then put the sweats on. I ran a towel through my hair but no amount of toweling can completely dry my hair. Even I could smell pee on my hair. Now I have to explain to all of you I HATE pee in my hair. When Josh and I engage in private pee play he never pees on my face or in my hair because he knows I don't like it.

When partying with our small group of friends however I allow my hair to become soaked. Even when we "play catch" - where the guys pee in the girls open mouths - theres a minute anount of overspray. Since the guys (and Josh too) like this I figure what the heck, give it to me. Actually I have to be completely honest - while I dont like pee in my hair, under these circumstances I LOVE it. I can't explain this paradox.

The car warmed up quickly and I stopped shivering. We were reviewing events from the party, various games we played, who peed first, who peed on on whom etc. etc. Josh, like several other guys had been erect at various times throughout the evening. I knew both of us were in need of sexual relief - and soon. By the time Josh pulled the car in the garage I had my shoes untied. As Josh inserted the key in the door I pulled off my coat. Once inside we stepped in the laundry room and removed our socks, sweats and coats and tossed them in the washing machine. The next stop was the shower room (My family is a nudist family and we have a shower "room" with four shower heads).

As Josh quickly turned on the water I said "Me first I can't wait". Josh laid down on the floor and I straddled his face and let go. I'm not sure why but this is his favorite thing and I accomodate him. I must have peed for a minute and a half. As I finished Josh told me he "had to go" but I knew there was no wayhe would be able to with an erection like that. I grabbed the soap and began soaping him up. I adjusted the water temperature down and suddenly his erection began to subside. I turned the water temerature up just before laying on the floor. "Do it" I said, "on my face". This is a rare treat for Josh and he also had to go badly. When he was finished I got up and we each grabbed a bar of soap and soaped each other thouroughly. We also grabbed the shampoo bottle and scrubbed and scrubbed and scrubbed. While rinsing off I dribbled out a couple of more drops of pee. We thorougly toweled off and finally I got to use my hairdrier.

Josh grabbed me as I set the hairdrier down and he gave me one of those long wet kisses. We finally managed to get to the bedroom where we both rolled on the bed. Orgasms came quickly to both of us. We laid in each others arms and talked for about 20 minutes. Ok I'll be honest here, I talked and he drifted off to sleep (as usual). I woke him in about 30 minutes for round #2. I'm not going to detail everything here (a girl has to have SOME secrets), but I will tell you it was spectacular. We fell asleep together and slept for about an hour when Josh woke up. "I have to pee" he said as he headed for the bathroom. "Wait !" I said, -" the shower, and wait for me".

Emily

If your interested in what happened earlier in the evening at out pee party with friends see the post: FEBRUARY REALITY PARTY

