The return of the Amazons (fantasy)

12th November 2005, 06:08 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

This is the beginning of a roleplaying story that I posted on literotica.com

But I figured that some people here might enjoy it or might want to join in at literotica.

THE RETURN OF THE AMAZONS (FANTASY)

"You'd better be telling the truth Jimmy." Brian held his nose and ducked under a pipe. His flashlight wasn't that dependable and now they were in a section of the tunnel that had a stream of stinky water flowing down the middle.

"You guys never believe me.." Jimmy protested. "I swear this tunnel leads right past the basement of the old Masonic Temple. And the Amazons are meeting there."

"Well, you sure as hell wouldn't have gotten us down into this gawd awful tunnel if we didn't believe you.. at least halfway." Rich reassured Jimmy as he watched for rats.

"Fuck you! I'm going to prove it to you this time!" Jimmy yelled.

"Okay okay doofus, calm down." Brian shook his flashlight violently and it brightened slightly.

Rumors had been circulating that some girls had decided to create an actual underground sorority called "The Amazons", and model it after the fictional one written about in the school newspaper the year before. The problem was that Jimmy was the one who'd started those rumors.

"Now you've got to be quiet.. we're getting close." Jimmy whispered.

Rich and Brian nodded but didn't say a word. They could now hear what sounded like a group of people talking excitedly.

"Okay peek in though these pipes and you'll be able to see inside the room." Jimmy wiped the slime and gunk off of the end of a broken pipe, and put his eye to it. Brian and Rich followed his example and and peered in.

It was a huge ornate pillered room. There was obviously a good number of people inside, however they couldn't see enough to really know how many.

"Congratulations," A girl addressed the group. "You've made it through the first two days, and tomorrow will be our final and most challenging day. It will be the day that will decide if you will become an Amazon."

Samantha surveyed the crowd. Not bad, she thought to herself, almost 30 girls. Patricia had made the first challenge two nights ago. She had explained that "Amazon's" don't wear panties, and "Amazons" don't shave their pubes. And she had explained that if the girls wanted to become "Amazons" they would not shave, or wear panties

- and they had to wear skirts!

It actually hadn't been a very difficult dare... All they had to do was to be careful about how they sat. And Vicki had laughed about Patricia's challenge on the second night saying that she had experienced tougher hazing back in Junior High on the cheerleading squad.

Annette tried to make things more daring on the second night. She explained that "Amazons" didn't pee in toilets. It was a little bit of a weird challenge but it turned out to be fairly easy too. There were plenty of bushes and hedges to squat behind on campus. Vicki had laughed about that too, and made a suggestion for the next challenge. One that she knew would shock them..

Tonight was Samantha's turn to make the last challenge.

"I just wanted to say congratulations again.." Samantha said nervously.

"Com'on give us the challenge already." Vicki rolled her eyes and looked bored.

"Okay okay.."

"O-Kay" Vicki teased.

"Yesterday.." Samantha began again "...yesterday.. Vicki made a suggestion.."

Vicki snickered.

"Yesterday Vicki suggested that real "Amazons" wouldn't need skirts."

"Yeah, so?" Vicki shrugged

"Well tomorrow's challenge is... for us to be real "Amazons"."

The room went deafly quiet.

"No fucking way!" Vicki broke the silence. "Are you totally fucking insane!"

Vicki stood up and crossed her arms. "Are you saying that we have to go fucking bottomless?"

Samantha nodded with a smirk.

"Oh gawd.." Patricia covered her face with her hands. "There's no way that I would do that.."

"Sam... I'll fucking do it, if you fucking do it!" Vicki smirked. "'Cause I know you're fucking bluffing!"

Samantha looked around the room at the shocked looks and the girls whispering back and forth to each other. "And..." Samantha began slowly again. "There is another part to the challenge.."

"Oh gawd.." Patricia moaned.

"While you are bottomless for this third and final day.." Samantha paused for effect "..you will sexually service any, and all, interested guys."

"No way I'm doing that.." A girl in the front row shook her head. "This is crazy!"

Other girls began saying the same thing and getting up to leave.

"Wait!" Samantha signalled them to stay. "Remember that the guys don't know our rules. They won't know unless we tell them. So don't tell them! At least not until the day afterwards.. We will be famous!"

"In an insane sort of way.." Patricia shook her head and looked at Annette for support.

"Well like I said." Vicki called to Samantha "I'll fucking do it, if you fucking do it!"

"You're on" Samantha said resolutely "You're on."

"And I'm in too." Annette joined in supportively. "Really it's just a little nudity for one day. I mean what's the big deal?" She tried to sound confident but the idea was really pretty scary. Really scary! In fact it was totally terrifying!!

"Oh gawd... oh gawd.. I guess I'm in too.." Patricia willed herself heroicly.

Around the room other girls joined in and vowed to take the challenge.

Now see who's laughing Vicki! Samantha thought to herself.

"Holly shit." Brian whispered

"They are totally insane." Rich grinned.

"I told you." Jimmy nodded his head triumphantly. "Now what do you think about what I told you about the girl peeing between the bookcases in the library."

"That's fucking bullshit." Brian shook his head. "But you came through on this one! You totally fucking came through! I'm going to have both of my digital cameras on me tomorrow at all times!"

"Me too!" Rich nodded.

"We all will." Jimmy grinned as they made there way out of the tunnel. "What do you think the guys back at the dorms will think when we tell them about this."

"They won't fucking believe you doofus." Brian made a face at Jimmy.

"They will when they see the girls bottomless." Jimmy countered. "This time they will have to believe me!"

###

My Character

Rich - 6'2" or so.

Dirty blonde hair

Well built, lifts weights, competes on the Track Team

CHARACTERS NEEDED

Samantha

Patricia

Annette

Vicki

Any other girls "pledging"

Any other college students

