Padiddle

30th July 2011, 02:33 AM

Author: wcp8338

Location: West Coast (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

"I am too proud of my body!" Angie said.

"Really?" Zach asked, skeptical. "You're always watching what you eat, working out, worrying about what looks good on you. You may not have anorexia, but you've definitely got the nervosa down pat!"

"I do all those things because they're worth doing, buddy."

"And you constantly unburden yourself on me."

"That's your job, Zach. You unburden yourself on me when you and Danny have a fight."

"True. But that's healthy. What's not healthy is working yourself up into a tizzy when you look the way you do. Be proud of yourself, girlfriend!"

"Man, I am totally proud. I am fucking hot shit. It just takes a little effort to be the best! I have no body issues at all."

"Prove it."

"How?"

"Play padiddle with me."

"This again?"

"Why not? It passes the time, and the miles!"

"I swear, if I didn't know better, this is just you trying to see me naked."

"Oh, I'm totally trying to see you naked. And get naked myself."

"You're so flamingly gay you set off smoke alarms."

"Oh, nice one -- yes. Yes I am. And I love looking at boobies. They're so pretty! So this is totally an attempt to get your clothes off. What this absolutely is not is an attempt to get you into bed. I like looking at naked women, not humping them. What you forgot is that I'm also a bit of a wild child."

"All right, all right. But only because I'm getting pretty hot."

"Getting? You are hot."

"Meaning I'm starting to sweat... oh, come on! That's such a cheesy line!"

"And you swallowed it whole. Much like certain things I could name..."

"Leave my history out of this. All right, it's if there's a headlight out?"

"Or any light out that should be lit."

"And the price is one article of clothing."

"Yup!"

"My sandals count as two?"

"Oh, I suppose."

"Okay. Pass me my water bottle, would you? I'm serious about this heat."

"Yeah, I know, your car's so ghetto, no working AC... it would be charming if we didn't have to be driving in it."

"Well, the night should cool off a bit."

"One can only hope!"

(Two minutes later)

"Padiddle."

"What, already? Okay, there goes one sandal." Angie slipped it off, pushed it aside with her heel, and took another swig of water.

"Padiddle."

"What? Oh, come on..."

(Half an hour later)

"You know, in my family we always played this game by punching."

Zach gave a delicate little shudder. "Oh, I'd never play it that way. Hitting and all... it's not for me."

"You just like games that involve stripping."

"You've found me out!"

(After another quarter-hour of playing)

"You know, this game is totally biased against the driver," Angie complained. "Here, hold the wheel again..." She got her ass up off the seat and tugged her panties down.

"Maybe it is... would you like to switch?"

"Nah, I'll get my vengeance. And to be honest it's nice to not be wearing those cutoffs any more. Wrong clothing for a hot drive. Okay. I've got it, thanks. Shit, I'm still thirsty."

(At the hour mark)

"Boobies at last!"

Angie stuck her tongue out at him as she pulled off her spaghetti-strap top. She was completely naked now, having gotten rid of her bra long before. The breeze felt nice on her just-exposed C-cup breasts. "Enjoy the view!"

"Just as much as you are."

"I do have to admit, it's almost a fair trade." Zach was down to boxers, and his abs were truly beautiful. "Even though I could get fined for indecent exposure and you're perfectly safe."

"Well, not perfectly. But that's part of the fun of padiddle."

Angie rolled the window down a bit further to let more cool air in and finished off her water bottle. "Mmm. I have to say, I may have lost, but it's really nice to be naked right now."

"I'm glad you feel that way, 'cause the game isn't over until we're both naked."

"Really? Oh, okay..."

"This is good for you, you know! Not everyone can pull off driving down I-95 totally in the buff. Great for your body confidence."

"It kind of is. Only thing... I'm gonna need a pit stop before too long. All that water."

"Well, I'm cool with it if you want to walk into a restroom naked."

"Okay, in a car, in the dark, with my best gay friend -- that's one thing. A highway rest stop, that's totally different."

"Suit yourself; the rules are the rules! Nobody gets to put their clothes back on until everyone's spent some time naked."

"Why do I get the feeling that the rules keep shifting...?"

"This game is all about trust, Angel. Show a little trust!"

"I thought it was about confidence."

"Confidence and trust."

(Twenty minutes later)

"I can't believe you're still in your boxers. It's been, what, half an hour since I last spotted one?"

"You just need to be quicker."

"Quicker? I need to watch the road!"

"Just be glad I'm not making you take forfeits for those last three that I got."

"What kind of forfeits?"

"Oh, I dunno, I could think of something..."

"Please don't."

"Padiddle."

"Oh, fuck you! I just want to get one, okay? Just one, and then we can get dressed and I can go pee."

"Then keep your eyes open."

"Shit, we're coming up on Savannah."

"Oh, okay, here's how you get through cities. Take 'em as quick as you can without going wildly over the limit. Just camp out in the left lane. More people are going to be looking at you if they're trying to merge. If anyone sees you they'll be going the other way."

"Makes sense..." Angie worked her way over. "Shit, this means we won't be able to get off soon."

"We weren't planning on getting off at Savannah anyway."

"I thought the plan was to get off before Savannah."

"We can get food after, and we're still half-full on gas."

"Yeah, but I'm all-the-way-full on pee!"

"Just focus on driving. Take your mind off it."

"Believe me, I'm trying."

(Fifteen minutes later)

"Shit, Zach, this is a bit less than fun."

"Is it really that bad? You're a big girl, you can hold it."

"Yeah, but I've been holding it for an hour. You see this water bottle? You see how it's empty now? Remember how it used to be full? Yeah, that's all in my bladder now."

"Okay, okay."

"Seriously, it's starting to be a problem. If it gets much worse it's going to start affecting my driving."

"We can change."

"No, I'm fine, I just need to pee! Just shut up and let me get a padiddle."

(Ten minutes later)

"Seriously? There's, like, nobody on the road now. Come on, people! Do I have to smash a headlight with a brick? God, I gotta go!"

"Yeah, you're squirming like a five-year-old."

"'Cause it fucking hurts!"

"Hey, if it's getting to be such a problem, we can stop! I'm sorry, I thought you were just being dramatic."

"Dude, you can see how full I am. All right, we are getting off at the absolute next stop."

(Five minutes later)

"No exits? Seriously?"

"There's one coming up. Just relax, you'll make it."

(Five minutes later)

"Omigod. Get me off this fucking road."

"There's a gas station."

Angie hesitated. "There's no way. I can't get dressed in time. I'm just gonna..."

"...Get back on the highway? Ah. Pull over."

Angie pulled off the shoulder of the onramp, switched off her headlights and put on her flashers, and then unbuckled her seatbelt, slipped her feet into her sandals, and swung her legs out. The onramp was pretty dark, with only the light from the gas station behind them. She simply walked in front of the car, the distant light white on her bare body, and squatted.

(Forty-five seconds later)

"Wow. I could hear that splatter over the sound of the engine."

"Oh, god that felt good. I haven't been that desperate in a long, long time."

"And hey, now you can get dressed again!"

"You know, having just pissed by the side of an I-95 onramp stark naked, I'm feeling no shame. ...Well, maybe my shirt."

"Aww."

"I know, it's sad that they're going away. But you know you can see them any time you want. All you have to do is ask!"

