The last post...Kim at the fancy dress party

23rd September 2006, 01:45 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Well, after a couple of false dawns, we finally got here - this really is the last post about Kim, sad to say: this is out-of-sequence with the last couple of posts in this series but it doesn't really matter...

Some of you at least will think cynically, "how the heck did he forget about this?" - to which the truthful answer is "I don't really know". In the intervening years I have thought many times about some of the other episodes but for some reason this had slipped out of view, though casting my mind back perhaps 15 years, it was a favourite recollection then.

When setting out to write this series, I jotted down all the occasions that came to mind - for some reason this one didn't come to mind to be recorded - and I have not reviewed the list since. It was only when writing about my mate (in the previous post) that I remembered the passage at the side of his house - see below!

So, after a very long-winded explanation, turn the clock back...and a bit further...that's it, 1981.

One of my former University mates (Chas - the one I visited in the previous post, though that visit came later - Hell, this is confusing) shared a run-down old house in London...suburban sprawl, a large semi-detached built in the late 20's or early 30's. Would have been rather nice when new but by now was looking the worse for wear and sporting an abandoned car in the front garden. Glamorous? Er, no. Cheap? Yes, definitely, so more money left for beer.

And...Chas decided to hold a party one weekend, on the Saturday night. Not only were his London mates invited, but so were all his mates from Uni, too, so that included me. The order of the day was fancy dress, with a schooldays theme. Girlfriends? Oh yes...the more the merrier! Naturally, as Kim was living in London - and not too far from my mate - I invited her. She decided in turn to invite her housemate, Sally, who was between boyfriends and small but perfectly formed. The party was to start by meeting in a nearby pub before gravitating back to the house.

I decided to drive down to meet another ex-Uni pal, Jeff, living in the Home Counties...no, I'm not about to say where. I managed a white shirt...and an elderly copy of "Mayfair" - a soft core girlie mag. I called back home en route - Dave's younger brother James obligingly provided me with his old blazer and cap that had been languishing in a cupboard for a few years, obviously waiting for this very occasion. Raking round in the wardrobe in the spare room at my parents' place yielded my old school scarf and tie, so good progress was being made on the fancy dress front.

Arriving at Jeff's place in the Home Counties, we found that we were both similarly equipped for the event - though he'd additionally found a leather satchel, that he had filled with bottles of Newcastle Brown.

Short trousers were going to be a problem, so it was off to Oxfam. Bullseye - two pairs of black/dark grey trousers - his fitted OK, mine were somewhat tight. Back at his place, it was off with the legs and some very rudimentary Cub Scout stitching to hem them after ironing a crease!

Armed with plenty of beer and sleeping bags, we drove down in fancy dress (it would have been interesting had we been stopped by the Law) and parked near the house. There was a note on the door and a sketch map of how to get to the pub. Walking along the street, with clinking satchel on shoulder and dog-eared mag in pocket, Jeff and I got plenty of funny looks, blokes in their early 20's wearing school uniform!

We arrived at the pub at the same time as Kim and Sally. Both girls were perfectly attired for the occasion. Kim looked stunning - she's quite tall with lovely legs and she was wearing a pleated skirt that was far too short, so that it showed glimpses of her stocking tops and suspenders even when standing still. And she had a hockey stick...

Sally was much smaller but very curvy - like Kim, she had found a straw boater to wear but had opted for a tennis racquet. Being smaller, she could still fit into a gingham check summer dress, though its seams were challenged in a few places by her lovely curves. Already short, she had lifted the hem a bit - she was wearing long white socks. As we walked into the busy throng behind the girls, plenty of heads turned and we had to avoid stepping on several male tongues lolling on the floor.

Much alcohol was consumed...I'm afraid the social aspects of the evening get extremely vague here but I do remember getting back to the house and helping to eat the buffet that Chas and his housemates had prepared.

We were roaming around freely on the first floor - all the bedrooms were bedsits, the landing was large and there was a separate bathroom and WC.

I remember Jeff getting very close to Sally - they were trying to swallow each others' tongues, it seemed - and then they disappeared off into the WC for quite a while, eventually emerging looking a bit dishevelled and slightly sheepish - a couple of girls had in the meantime needed to pee and had started banging on the door. Eventually they couldn't wait and they went and peed in the bath - behind a firmly locked door. I never did ask what Jeff had got up to with Sally in the WC - but as we had all had a lot to drink, in retrospect I think it's highly likely they had shared a pee together in addition to mutual masturbation!

Meanwhile, I was with Kim...the party was raucous and it was hot, with the drink still flowing freely. Eventually she said she was too hot and could we go outside for some air: I was only too happy to agree.

Before long, we were standing in the passage at the side of the house - other couples were passing us and heading for the back garden, which was pretty overgrown but had a couple of park benches.

Kim had her back to the wall and we were soon kissing passionately and my hands were all over her, sliding up over her stocking tops and suspenders to her tender inner thighs and the warm, damp gusset of her knickers.

Knickers? Oh yes - she had somehow acquired a pair of white cotton gym knickers, perfect for the occasion. They were quite thick and the elastic was quite tight - probably a size too small. Nevertheless I could feel - as I ran my fingers over the outside of her knickers - that she had shaved herself smooth again - perfect fantasy! Kim pressed herself against me as I touched her and we kissed and kissed - by know I knew the symptoms and she was clearly bursting for a pee: I could feel that her bladder was firm under her knickers.

Eventually, my fingers found their way under the leg elastic: she was dribbling with lubrication and her gusset was quite wet.

Kim: "Oh God, I'm desperate, I've been holding it for ages, I'm going to wee if you touch me again"...

Me: "Don't let me stop you...your knickers will get wet, though..."

Together, we fumbled her knickers down and she stepped out of them, stuffing them into her blazer pocket. She shuffled her legs apart a little - as did I - and then my fingers were back between her legs.

Me: "You're so wet...so slippery...so smooth!"

Kim: "Mmmmm - that's fantastic, don't stop...Sally and I shaved each other this afternoon...it was lovely, made us both really randy..."

Me: (lust roaring through me!) "Amazing...no wonder, where did you do it?"

Kim: (giggling) "In the bath - we often share the bathroom 'cos there's only the one...she came in for a pee while I was in the bath and saw what I was doing! She offered to hold a mirror for me if I would help her - but she ended up getting in the bath with me and we shaved each others' awkward bits!"

Me: (fielding stupid question) "Did you enjoy it, then?"

Kim: "I told you - it made us really randy, touching each other...ask me later, oh God, I'm going to come...!"

I saw the flush rising in her cheeks and she moaned and a short, hot jet of pee spurted over my fingers. I pushed my middle finger inside her and could feel her muscles contract and pulse as she came, more squirts of pee jetting over my fingers and splashing noisily onto the concrete slabs, though some sprayed on my shorts and although she had hiked it up, her skirt suffered a bit, too.

I was already unzipped: I stooped a little and then pushed myself into her. The conflict of sensation was remarkable - on the outside, her pee had rinsed away some of the lubrication and there was more friction than usual but on the inside she was fantastically slippery. I could tell she wasn't finished and to my intense delight I felt her muscles contract again and she pushed out another hot squirt of pee, this time over the root of my cock - it made me come within seconds.

We cuddled together against the wall in the afterglow - the evening was now quite cool but we were both warm and cosy in our embrace. Another couple came back along the passage, stepping around behind us - with the streetlighting a few yards away, a swift downward glance was sufficient to take in the fact that they had spotted the dark puddle between Kim's legs and splashes around it, including up the wall (I met that girl on a later occasion and got a very knowing look from her but sadly it went no further!).

After they were out of sight, I was softening rapidly, not least from being discovered in flagrante delicto...Kim had other ideas and again I felt her muscles contract. A second or two later my cock was bathed in her hot pee and a steady stream was splattering on the concrete beneath us and splashing up our legs - the noise it made was incredible!

Fortunately, no-one else disturbed us and when she had finished, I gallantly pulled out my handkerchief: she had a couple of tissues. We managed to mop ourselves up a bit, though the front of my shorts was very obviously wet - by contrast, her skirt wasn't too bad, though I could see big splashes on her stockings. My socks, being dark, didn't show a great deal...

Wandering over to the car - it was a big one - lying in the front garden, we climbed on the bonnet and sat there for a while, leaning back against the windscreen and holding hands. It was pretty grubby but we just didn't care. We kissed again and I was conscious of Kim's other hand straying to the hem of her skirt and then underneath to her pussy - she was wanking.

Kim: "Mmmm, that was lovely...a bit messy but who cares?! I'm still horny...thinking about this afternoon".

Me: "Go on then - finish the story! Did you touch each other?"

Kim: (blushing a little) "Well, yes - it was so nice when Sal offered to hold the mirror. Then she could see I had a bit of a problem with the bit right between my legs...so she volunteered to do it for me".

Me (almost panting with lust again, imagination running wild): "Then what?"

Kim: "First I sat on the back edge of the bath and opened my legs, then I had to turn round and bend over so she could do the bit at the back. It was so horny, I started touching myself. In any case, I was full - I had been holding it and had intended to make myself come in the bath anyway".

Me: "Does Sally know you like doing that?"

Kim: "Well, she didn't, but she does now. I was embarrassed to tell her but she kind of worked it out for herself - she saw me touching my clit and then just asked straight out if I was enjoying her touching me and did I need to pee as well - I went red and had to say yes".

Me: (unusually soon after an orgasm to be having a rapidly stiffening erection) "What did she do then?"

Kim: "She wanted to finish off the bit at the front - I thought it was OK but she insisted - all the pulling and pushing at my pussy made me really wet, it was quite obvious. Eventually I had to say that I needed to pee and she said to just do it - so I made myself come and wee'd in the bath".

Me (by now rubbing myself) "What did she say?"

Kim: (rubbing at her pussy under her skirt) "Something like 'that's good...just let it all come together' - it didn't bother her at all. We've seen each other pee loads of times though not up close like that".

Me: "Did you shave her?"

Kim: "I started off by holding the mirror like she did for me - but then plucked up courage to offer. She got just as horny as I had and rubbed her clit till she came".

By now we were both approaching a second orgasm - on the bonnet of a clunker, a good job it was partly hidden from view under a tree! I leaned across and kissed her and seconds later we were both coming again - watching is fun, too!

A while later, we went back inside: it was about 2 in the morning and the music was still thundering out and the lights had been turned down - a good job really. The alcohol began to wear off a little: eventually at about 3.30 we chucked our sleeping bags on the floor of Chas's bedsit room and crashed out - not comfortable but it was enough.

The following day we emerged to a shambles of empty bottles, dirty plates, overflowing ashtrays and the usual post-party dereliction. Items of school uniform were strewn around liberally - it seems everyone had had the good sense to bring clothese to change into. On waking I stumbled to the WC and noticed that Jeff had zipped his sleeping bag to someone else's: Sally was curled up next to him, wearing only her skimpy undies. Envious? Me? Only a bit...

Reality soon kicked in and we all lent Chas and his housemates a hand to get the place straight. The girls and I then piled into Jeff's car and we took them back to their place: after a cuppa and a quick kiss and cuddle (Jeff and sally exchanged details) it was off to the Home Counties and an onward journey for me.

And that's it...Jeff and Sally were an item for a while. As far as I know, Kim never had any other bi experience...

As for Kim and I - sadly, there are no further wet exploits to report: sequentially, the previous post was our last one: after that, nothing at all until she came and spent a couple of weekends with me five or six years later -"two night stands" for old times' sake, before we got married. Both occasions were "dry" unfortunately: I dropped plenty of hints but Kim told me she had had a few unpleasant attacks of cystitis after doing similar with her then boyfriend - it had made her wary.

So we didn't get married to each other, more's the pity - such a missed opportunity. After a painful divorce some years back, I sincerely wish I had asked her to marry me!

Eventually I will post some more, later experiences with other ladies...despite a failed marriage, I have been moderately fortunate in this respect over the years.

FNT

Cor... this was rather long...if you made it this far, well done!

