Golden Showers in the Rain

7th July 2008, 11:00 PM

Author: peelvr65

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 39

A torrential downpour here in Rio de Janeiro inspired the following...

I walked out to the Aterro do Flamengo for a walk. The park is about a ten-minute walk from my apartment and was basically deserted due to the threat of rain. The skies to the east over Sugar Loaf mountain were dark and ominous. I figured I could walk the path between Flamengo Beach and the tree-filled park a few times before the rain. I carried a bottle of water with me and was drinking it liberally thinking upon my return to my apartment I'd be rather desperate to pee. I bought a couple more bottles from a vendor who braved the weather. The resultant micturnation, followed by a solid wank spurred me on to drink more.

My plans were dashed, however, when lightning split the sky and brought on the rain. It was tropical rain: fat heavy raindrops, at first, that only multiplied until it was coming down in a solid mass of drops. I quickly made for any shelter, the closest being a grove of trees. The cover kept out most of the heavy rain but it was still wet and I was soaked. I gazed out of my cover to see another runner who got caught out in the storm. It was hard to see more than a few meters into the torrent but it wasn't long before I recognized the figure as a woman. She made her way into the grove and stopped near me, bend over at the waist, gasping for air.

When her heavy breathing began to subside, she stood up and looked out, muttering a curse in Portuguese. She was standing slightly in front of me and to one side. From behind, the woman was stunning. She was wearing tight workout pants that did nothing to hide her panty lines. Something bikini shaped and clearly buried in the crack of her rounded, tight ass. A white cotton athletic top with criss-cross straps and integrated breast support made up the wardrobe above her running shoes.

She had long blonde hair done in a ponytail that hung, dripping, down to the middle of her back and was holding an empty water bottle. I didn't say anything but suddenly realized that I really had to pee. I considered just letting it go in my swim trunks (even high winter in Rio is relatively warm), as I was already soaked and the sound of the rain splattering on the ground would hide any noise my piss might make. I was just starting to relax when the woman turned around to say something.

Instantly, I recognized her as my swim instructor, Kathy Anne. Three days a week here, I swim at a local gym and Kathy Anne is the instructor. So many times I've admired her meaty-but-toned swimmer's body and glanced at the mound between her legs as she squatted poolside to tell me the next part of my workout. She recognized me, too, and smiled and laughed, a bit relieved, I think, knowing she was caught out with someone familiar. "Tudo bem?" she asked. How are you? She put her hands on my shoulders and I, never quite sure where to put my hands in this situation, put mine lightly on her hips as we exchanged the customary kisses on each cheek. Her skin was wet, salty, and exotic. A drop of sweat/rain remained on my lips and I licked at it quickly, savoring her taste.

She had cool blue eyes that were wide with wonder and a smile played across her full lips as she marveled at the storm. She let go of my shoulders and turned, facing outward from the trees, out of my grasp. I nodded agreement and tried to keep up with what she was saying. My Portuguese is elementary but I understood that she was amazed at the amount of water falling from the sky. She was younger than I, probably in her mid-twenties, and could very well have inspired Vinicius and Jobim to pen "The Girl From Ipanema".

I tried to say something witty but mangled it and Kathy Anne laughed while I blushed. We chatted a bit about the storm and swimming. She saw the water bottle in my hand and asked for a drink. I obliged her and she drained half the bottle before handing it back to me. I told her she could have the rest without telling her I really had no place to put it! And, in fact, my brain went into fantasy mode. Perhaps we would be here long enough for me to see her get really desperate.

The rain showed little signs of letting up so we continued to chat. A few minutes later, she began to shift from foot to foot and, at first I thought she might be chilled because she was soaked. "Are you cold?" I asked, ready to peel off my own tee shirt, little less wet than her own top, and offer it to her. She laughed a tight little laugh and shook her head, no. "Eu tenho que fazer xixi," she replied a bit sheepishly. I knew what that meant. She had to pee! She looked out and then looked back at me and then around our little shelter. "Me, too," I said. We both laughed. I could feel my face flush as she looked back at me. She smiled and put her hand on my arm, saying not to worry. Her hand was warm and it gave me a thrill to be touched by this Brazilian beauty.

We were in the cover of about ten trees loosely grouped together. I made a move to one of the trees away from the one under which we were situated to give her some privacy. Her hand on my arm checked my progress. "Where are you going?" she asked. I pointed to a tree and she just shook her head and said something that sounded like, "don't leave me alone". But there was more to it that I didn't understand accompanied by a coy smile. I just looked at her a bit quizzically.

Again, she said something but I only understood a couple of words and one of them was "look". I understood that to mean she wanted me to watch out for her while she peed. I turned away from her and looked out into the rain. Again, I felt her hand on my arm and I turned to look at her. She enunciated each word perfectly in Portuguese and I understood. "Do you want to look?" she asked as she looked down at her hand, which was pointed at her pussy. She said something that led me to believe that she knew I looked at her crotch when in the pool. And then something about wanting to show me more but being unable to at work.

She was taking a huge risk by doing this, I knew, and I wanted her to feel comfortable. She knew only that I admired what I always fantasized was under her swimwsuit. She couldn't know that when she was squatting poolside I was thinking what a perfect view it would be to watch her pee. I nodded, yes, that I wanted to look. Kathy Anne hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her workout pants and pushed them and her panties down her tanned thighs. I gasped wide-eyed at the neatly trimmed bush she had. I could just see the top of the cleft that marked the division between her outer labia. Her pubic hair was light and I so wanted to reach out and touch it.

Instead I raised my eyes to hers and moved closer to kiss her mouth. She met me halfway, wrapping her arms around my waist and pulling me to her. My cock thickened and stood rigidly away from my body, tenting my shorts. I crushed it against her body and a small moan escaped her throat into mine. Her tongue danced around the inside of my mouth, swirling around my own. She moaned some more and then pushed me away gently, hopping up and down quicky with her hands pressed to her pussy. I got the message and dropped to my knees. Her eyes were wide and on fire as I knelt before her.

I pushed her pants and panties down to her ankles and ran my hands up the back of her thighs to her ass, gripped it firmly and pulled her pussy to my mouth. I inhaled deeply her musky scent and slid my tongue between her lips, seeking her clit. When I found it, Kathy Anne flinched a bit and then grabbed the back of my head with both hands crushing my face into her sex. I licked at her clit and tried to get to her peehole. She spread her knees wide and leaned back against the tree, groaning. She only allowed me a few minutes play before pulling my head away. The desperate look in her eyes told me the reason.

Kathy Anne took one hand from my head and placed it on her pussy. She stroked her vulva up and down a couple of times before spreading her labia by making a V with her fingers. She exposed her clit and inner labia to me and fought against her hand to lap at her pink pussy once more. She moaned and obliged for a few minutes before taking my head away. I looked up at her and I felt something warm hit my chest. I looked down at her pussy just as her pee strengthened, shooting out from her cunt. I opened my mouth and let her fill it. I looked up her as I closed my mouth and swallowed her golden nectar. She smiled back at me as pee splashed off my chin. I openend my mouth again to receive more. Her stream had not waned and quickly my mouth filled again. Again I swallowed and again was refilled.

I continued to drink her pee until, finally, her stream waned to a soft stream that dribbled from my chin and onto my chest. I put my mouth on her pussy and licked and lapped at the remainder of her gift. When there was no more pee, I sucked on her inner labia and clit. It wasn't long before she groaned loudly and bucked her hips, cumming hard. Her vocalizations were erotically charged and my cock was straining for release. As was my bladder.

Kathy Anne pulled me to my feet and kissed my mouth long and deep. Her fingers played in my hair, then moved down my back and disappeared into my swim trunks. She pushed them down my thighs until they hung up on my erection. She broke off our kiss and looked down. Reaching in, she firmly grasped my cock with a soft, warm hand and pulled the elastic waistband of my trunks over the turgid, purple head. I ached for release.

She knelt before me, putting one hand beneath my throbbing penis, looking at it from side to side, admiringly. She put her mouth in close proximity and I could feel her warm breath upon it. "Make pee," she said in a throaty voice. I looked at her and laughed. "I can't," I said. "I can't when I'm like this," I said, pointing at my erection. She tilted her head to one side. "No?" she asked. "Ummm...I will try," I said and tilted my head back and closed my eyes, trying to relax. Kathy Anne's hand stayed beneath my cock and suddenly I felt her lips softly kissing the head and shaft.

"This doesn't help," I said in English and looked down. She had pulled up her top revealing her round, smallish breasts, each topped with a quarter-sized contracted aereola and hardened nipple. She paid me absolutely no mind and kept on lightly kissing my cock. My bladder was going to explode...right after my balls. I made a concentrated effort to relax and, eventually, I could feel myself beginning to pee.

At first, it came in a weak dribble, flowing from my peehole, down under the head of my cock and onto Kathy Anne's hand. My erection subsided a bit as the stream strengthened and she aimed my pee at her bared tits. Her other hand stole between her thighs and began to rub her pussy. The sight made me convulse and my cock leapt from her hand, spraying my piss into her face. She was unfazed as she took hold of my cock again, pointing the stream into her open mouth.

The stream was still somewhat weak as it filled her mouth. She swallowed, looking up at me. She opened her mouth again and again I filled it. My stream strengthened some more and more, still, until it was a raging torrent to match the downpour happening all around us. Kathy Anne swallowed what she could, the rest she sprayed on her tits and cunt. Her fingers worked furiously and she was moaning. At last my stream subsided back to a dribble and Kathy Anne took my cock into her mouth to get the last of it.

I don't really know when my pee stopped completely, as Kathy Anne was sucking and stroking my cock, now totally hard. My knees bent and I buckled a bit at the waist as my orgasm hit me. She felt my impending climax and removed her mouth from my cock while continuing a firm stroke. "Oh fuck," was about all I could manage as the first spasm sent a thick stream of my semen into her open mouth. She stroked and pumped all of my cum from my body into her mouth until there was nothing left to give. Her hand was mashing her cunt as she closed her mouth, closed her eyes, swallowed and came once more.

She stood, pulling my shorts up along the way. I squatted down and put my face back in her pussy, tasting her cum and our pee. I stood and pulled up her panties and pants, trying my best to adjust them for her. We kissed again and I could feel her moving her feet, walking out of the grove. I followed her. There were no longer any trees above and the rain beat down upon our piss-soaked bodies, cleansing them and we continued to kiss.

