T and I are still around!

27th July 2012, 09:49 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Hello peeps.

It has been a long time since either T or I posted on here.

We still remain together and have been having some nice experiences, some with other couples. Our peeing experiences with these other couples have been great fun and really enjoyable.

And of course we still go to our favourite restaurant so that T can tease her favourite waiter, lol. Yes, he is still there. T actually let him finger her whilst she was peeing after he finished work one night and we were on the way home. She also held his cock whilst he peed. He did get a hard on whilst she was holding it and she gave him a wank when he finished peeing one evening.

There are lots of experiences to tell, but it shall take a little time to post them. So please be a little patient as we are moving aound Europe quite a lot.

I shall tell you of one nice experience that happened back in February though.

We met this couple who live in Gran canaria, they are Scottish and in thier mid 30's.

We got talking in a bar one evening and arranged to meet for dinner the next evening. It went really well and we all decided that we should do it again two nights later, but this time they invited T and I around to thier apartment. The apartment was very modern looking both inside and out, and very clean.

The evening was very relaxed and informal, and a lot of laughs. Then T decided to see how the land lay, she "accidentally" spilled a glass of wine down her skirt. She went into the bathroon and took her skirt off and rinsed it out, then came back out with just her panties on, she held her skirt in her hand and asked K (the other woman) if she could put it outside to dry.

There were a few laughs when she came back in as she was sitting the in her panties and top. K then said oh well, if you are going to sit in your knickers, so am I. So she took her jeans off exposing a white thong.

I looked at G (K's partner) and said shall we, he did not reply but just got up and took his jeans off as did I.

We were all laughing and drank to who was wearing the nicest underwear, one of the ladies naturally, but we all agreed that both were nice parading around in there panties.

G then asked K to stand in front of where he was sitting, as she approached he put his hands out and slipped his fingers inside the top of her panties and slipped them down. She was soon out of them, and she slipped them of over her feet. then she took her top and bra off and there she was naked, oh what a body!

I then said to G would you like to do the honours with T. But it was both K and G who then stripped T off naked, that left just me. But not for long...

T and K then aproached me and stripped me off, well by this time both G and I had a hard on, and we all knew what was going to happen.

I got hold of K and started to play with her lovely breasts as T went over to G and played with his stiff cock. T has got quite large breasts and they are very firm G's hands were all over them. Then he started to suck her erect nipples.

By this time K was sucking my cock and I had been playing with her clitoris and had at least one finger in and out of her wet pussy.

Next thing I knew she was on top of me, sliding me inside her, ooh it felt wet and so very warm in there. K then gave me a nudge and we both looked over at T and G, they were already shagging like rabbits, lol.

However, K and I took our time and we lasted for another half an hour. By then T and K were just kissing and cuddling on the sofa.

T and I were invited to stay the night in the spare bedroom as it was so late by now. We went to bed and had some really great sex.

Next morning T and I went into the kitched to make tea and coffee but K and G were out on the smallish balcony. K came in and asked us to join them and that she would make us all a little breakast.

We parted company at around 10.45 and aranged to meet that same evening at a restaraunt for a nice evening meal. However, we did have a talk before we parted and discussed the "bedroom" arrangements for that evening when we rturned to thier place. It was decided that we would all share thier large double bed. I for one was looking forward to that, lol.

I just knew though that somewhere during the meal that coming evening there would be some mention of some pee games. the subject had already been touched on the previous evening.

I shall of course post what happened in a day or so...

Take care all.

