T and a weekend break!

28th June 2011, 04:18 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

NOTE: When T mentions "the other one" she is referring to myself. T has typed this and I have altered nothing except for a few small spelling errors.

Hi everyone.

First time i write anything on here. The other one usually does it. Good stories on here also that give us ideas, tee hee.

Thanks for good comments and hope you like picture of me playing with my toys. The other one took picture.

After bad experience many years ago with not good man when i was married and i had long long time when not interested in sex or anything. Life is fun again when meeting up with the other one who writes about us on here. He is good man and glad that we met on holiday in Spain a few months ago. It was good way we met also. My friend and me saw him naked on balcony first day of our holiday, tee hee.

My friend K and I both went to bed with the other one when on holiday and we all had good sex and good time and good laugh together. I am now feeling much affection for him as he has made me feel good things about myself now.

We have many good things happen in last few months which i enjoy very much. I now discover piss fun and game and had lifetime fantasy come tru with two men in bed that was so good and i enjoy very much. In this time i have now held 5 mans cocks while they piss, but not our waiter friend.

Things i like is pissing while being watch by man. Also like to hold cock and see them piss. Good feeling being looked at when i have no panties on.

Couple of weeks ago we went for weekend to nice place by sea. Many people everywhere and in Hotel. Bar was crowded first night in Hotel and we talk with few people during evening and had good laugh.

We went to room quite late and i got the other one sitting in chair, put some music on and i undressed while dancing slowly. Then went and stood in front of him with my legs outside his. I lifted my clitoris and piss all over him in chair a lot.

I sat in chair and got his cock out to piss on me in chair. Piss was warm and felt nice on my tits splashed over my face and i licked his cock when he finish. Then we have shower and go bed and we fuck for hours. He is always taking good care of me and make me cum many times.

In morning we go for breakfast and sit at next table to two man who we talked to and laugh with in bar last night. We said we drink at bar tonight see you later. The other one and me spent the rest of day doing some shopping and lazing around doing not much. I see some nice clotheses and pretty sexy undwerwear when shopping and the other one said i would would look nice in them. Also very nice white dress it quite see through though and i brought it.

It was the last night there in Hotel and we went to bar in evening and wore the new dress and had white thong and bra underneath. It made me feel nice and the other one said that i looked really lovely.

We spoke to some people during evening that were nice and we had laughs, the two other man spoke with us and one said i was best looking woman there the other one who i was with said yes i was, it make me feel emabarrased a little.

I said to other one i was not going to piss in ladies toilet. I said i going to piss in mans toilet, i like to hold the two other mans cocks when they piss, he laugh and say go for it.

Later in evening we drinking with the two mans and we laugh a lot and talk of sexy things also. I dropped my bag on floor on purpose and i did not bend the knees when i pick it up. I turned my back on the mans when i bend, they look at my ass i look under my arm at them and see, tee hee. It feel good that they look at my ass.

One of the two mans ask if i had panties on i say a white thong, i ask him why, he say that your dress is see through and he could not see that i wearing any panties. The other one i was with say i not always wear panties though, we all laugh when he say that, he say then that it easier for me when i want to piss.

I say that i like to piss in mens toilet and like to watch. The two mans look at both of us and say to the other one i was with, does she, he say yes she does. One of the man said you can watch anytime and we all laugh i said do you want to go piss then? i say lets all go to bathroom if you want to piss and i watch. He say you cant to many people around. The other one i was with say on other floor it is quiet.

NOTE: I then said that she likes to watch men pee. She holds it for me and even shakes it for me. She will also have a piss whilst you are watching, she  enjoys it. They both looked dumbfounded I can tell you. I then asked if they would like to see her piss we could go to one of the bathrooms on one of the  other floors where it is quiet. So we all went to the lift and got off at the fourth floor.

One of the two men then say i want to go and he look at the other one i was with and say is it ok. he say yes. The mans friend says he want to go as well, we all laugh. We walked to lift and got in. I felt hand on my ass as lift went up, it was one of the two mans feeling me there so i felt his cock now i feel horny and cant wait to hold their cocks, tee hee.

We walk into bathroom on fourth floor and it empty. The other one i was with lifted my dress over my head and one of the other mans helped. I standing there in my panties and bra and took the bra off. One of the mans took my panties off and put hand between my legs and felt me, it felt nice and i need a piss badly.

I say i am going to piss, i open my legs and started to piss in front of them, they look and i felt really nice them watching. I had long piss and it went all down the legs over floor and it was a lot. The other one i was with rubbed me when i piss and one of the two mans also rub me when pissing. When i finish all three had hands over my tits and between my legs, it made me feel so horny.

I took out one of the two mans cocks and held it when he piss, i give it long shake and rub and make it hard when he finish pissing. I went to other mans friend and got his cock out it was hard and he not piss at first. He had long piss and when he finish i give him also long shake and rub, tee hee. It feel  very good to do this i enjoy very much. Like to hold mans cock and see mans pissing.

When they finish i had hands all over feeling my tits and between my legs they all touch me and i let them all play with me, it feel nice thier hard cocks  rubbing up against my legs. It did feel very lovely. I put hand out for a cock and played with it, it was one of the two mans cock, it was hard and i was  rubbing it with my hand and i like feel of it very much. I rubbed it til he cum all over the floor.

The other mans friend was beside me, his hand between my legs. I held his hard cock and rub it. He say he wanted fuck me i say no i play with your cock make you cum if you want, he play with my tits and i play with his hard cock and i rub it til he cum all over my leg.

The other one i was with stand behind me and i feel safe when he there. I enjoy this game very much tonight. I dress and we say goodnight see you tomorrow, we all left bathroom at same time.

The other one and me went to our room and had shower and he fuck me til i cum two or three times, and i sucked his hard cock til he cum in my mouth. The next day we left and went home.

Hope you all enjoy me writing about this night. I have held five cocks when they piss now, it very good feel. We have more to say but i will let the other  one write about it.

Some of you in an earlier post asked to see a photo of me, if you see us around say Hi and you never know, tee hee.

