A fantasy cum true

10th January 2010, 12:11 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

You have prompted me to tell my story.

I purposely drink alot of liquids and hold it in as long as I can. I get myself to the point of wiggling, squirming and holding myself, I start to give him the tell tale signs that I am full and I want to play. I get him to lie down in the spooning position with me so I can feel his stiffening cock against my body, and the pressure from his hand pressing against my abdomen making the pressure in my bladder build. As he applies pressure to my swollen bladder, I am rubbing my clit uncontrollably and wanting so bad to feel his rock hard cock inside me.

As I vision this in my head, the pressure keeps building and building to the point where I am practically begging to feel his cock in me. He teases me by rubbing his fingers along my clit, in and out of my pussy, bending his fingers just enough to tease my spot, but not enough to take me to the point I'm wanting and needing so much. Then he slowly slides his hard cock into my now seeping pussy, hard and fast for a few minutes, pushing me to the point of almost losing control, then he slows up just to make me wait little longer and the pressure just builds, then he gently moves me into another position, One where he knows he thrusts deeper inside me and toys with my ever so full bladder, just teasing me and making me wanting more.

As I envision myself rolling him over and climbing on his hard, now wet cock, feeling him inside me, but I wait patiently but also can't help but to reach down and rub my clit fast and hard wanting so much to let out a little of my over held liquids, just a little squirt will do, just enough to relieve some pressure. I want to come so bad, I need to cum, cum so bad, and finally he looks into my eyes and somehow knows, I'm about to lose it, and I want nothing more than to climb on top his ever so hard, wet, perfectly curved cock and ride him into the wildest wettest orgasm ever. He slowly rolls to his back, still rubbing and applying pressure to my bladder with one hand and with the other hand, rubbing my clit. The mental image going through my head of finally getting to ride on him, only intensifies the nerves and tingling now through my body.

As I climb on, I slowly lower myself onto him, feeling his cock slowly enter me deeply and caress my bladder, I already start to lose control, I feel the liquids start to release, as I struggle to hold on a little longer I feel a little trickle down my inner thighs and onto his body, and I look down at his face and see his expression, and the anxiousness of his waiting on the fullness to flow over him and warm his hard cock and trickle down his balls, also pushing him over the edge of control, just knowing he wants me to cum and release my liquids makes me lose control, I grab his hands and place one on my lower abdomen, on my upper butt cheek. 

I talk to him just to hear his voice, the sound of his voice, his hands on my body, his cock rubbing inside me, pushes me to the edge. Slowly my bladder starts to release, my pussy starts to tingle, I start to feel the intensity of the orgasm building and building, and he starts to feel my body quiver and he knows exactly what I need, he gently applies pressure on my bladder, I start to rock faster on his cock, the pressure builds and builds.

I look down at him, and the see the excitement and anticipation on his face, I can no longer hold on. I let him know, I whisper I can't hang on any longer, I got to go, I got to cum... Make me cum....He mumbles ok ride me baby, as he too tries to hold on. I start to feel the full gush of warm wetness run down my inner thighs. The look on his face tells me he too feels the warmness of my juices trickling down his manhood, I see him start to struggle to hold on a little longer, and my body trembles just knowing he is as turned on as I am, I give in, I finally let myself go, I orgasm so good my body goes tingly from the inner walls of my vagina, throughout my entire body. I totally lose control of myself, that euphoric feeling, my body falls forward onto him, and his hands catch me for the moment. I quickly recover, I ask him to pull out and let me watch me stroke himself and watch him shoot his warm load on my thigh. I love watching it.

You know who you are, Rainmann

