Dreaming

7th November 2010, 02:13 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

My friend Amy and I were at lunch one day chatting about our lives and relationship with our spouses. We both have been with our significant other for a very long time. We got on the subject of sex and ways we could spice it up. several ideas passed through our minds until we finally picked this one. We decided we were going to have a evening out together with our guys. We are starting off the evening by going to a comedy club about an hour away from home and then hit some night clubs and we rented a hotel room for the night so we wouldn't be drinking and driving and of course that definetly mean we all would end up together. After convincing the guys to go, We started our plans. Wow, we knew this evening was definetly gonna get interresting. But even our imagination, and day dreams didn't compare to how it turned out. So here's how it went...

Through out the week before our evening out, we gathered some fun items to enhance the evening. Which included a large piece of plastic, bottles of scented body oil, candles, and two remote control vibrators. We left our houses about five pm, and headed out. We arrived at the comedy show around six, and sat enjoyed some food and drinks until the show started at 7:30. Needless to say, we were already starting to feel a little tipsy. Our bladders were also filling up quickly but we agreed we would also be holding to get desparate. Earlier in the week, I had explained how the feeling intensifies sex. So she wanted to try. This is her first time with desparation, and I can't wait to watch her experience such a erotic orgasm. I couldn't tell you one thing about the show, I couldn't keep my mind from day dreaming of what was about to happen, and I know Amy was also. I found myself checking the time, I can't wait to get to the club. We have a show of our own, we are dying to put on.

As the last comic steps on the stage, I start to feel very anxious and a little nervous. I motion to Amy to walk with me to the restroom. She smiles, and rises from her seat. We get in the restroom, I quickly get the two remote control vibrators from my bag. We each take one, slide it them into our already moistening, horny little pussys. I give her my controller and I take hers. We try them out for a few seconds, share a hot, wet kiss, and walk back to our table. As we sit there, anxiously waiting, we continue to send each other sweet vibrations every now and again, Just teasing our very aroused pussies. Only 30 minutes left til show time, wow am I getting excited. I quickly send her a text to run back to the restroom immediately following the show. She looks over at me with a questioning look on her face.

This wasn't part of our plan, so she's slightly confused and I know she thinks something is wrong, or I am having second thoughts about whats about to happen. Little does she know, I just wanna get a little feel of her warm, dampening pussy. The show is finally over, as the commentator walks up on the stage, I grab her hand, tell the guys we have to pee real quick, and I pull her off. As we walk into the already crowded restroom. I notice her slightly bulging belly. I know she is starting to feel the pressure of being fulI. I push the button on my remote sending a vibe throughout her body, causing her to do a little wiggle.

I know is definetly noticing the enhancement of having a full bladder. I send her one more quick vibe, just to watch her wiggle one more time. As the bathroom stall door opens, I grab her hand, pull her into the stall with me, and shut the door. I quickly turn and face her, pressing her against the door. I lean towards her, she looks at me, and grabs my neck and pulls me close, and we enjoy a sweet, wet kiss for a moment. I pull away a little, whisper in her ear "are you feeling full?" she replies yes.

Just then, I slowly slide my hand down her cheek, across her neck, and eventually down the front of her body. Of course pausing to play with her very erect nipples. As I caress them, I hear her try to sigh quietly. Knowing this, I lower my hand press on her belly, and creating a gap in the top of her jeans. Just enough to slide my now trembling hand in. As I rub her swelling pussy lips, I hear her sigh, I can't wait any longer. I gently slip my fingers into the wet little pussy. I play for just a few seconds just to tease her. I pull away and tell her we have to go. She says just a few more seconds, I tell her "we can't the guys are waiting and we have to put on"

We meet the guys in the lobby, and head off for some clubs. We definetly want to find one that is fairly crowded and there is dancing. We walk about a block, and find the perfect place. We get our drinks, chat with the guys for a minute, try to gauge how tipsy, and relaxed they are. We decide they are definetly not as tipsy as we would like them to be. We find a little table close to the dance floor, since thats where the show is starting. We sit, I order up four shots. We all hold our shots up, do a toast, "hears to a great time with great friends" Amy and I put down our empty glasses, and head to the dance floor.

By the third song, we start off rubbing against each other. At first, acting shy and nieve. of course just for the show. We dance a few more songs, return to the table and order another round and of course a shot. The guys are definetly ready now. Returning to the dance floor, I whisper to her "its time". She smiles and grabs my hand and pulls me. As we dance, and rub our bodies together, we notice we have the guys full attention. Game on... She grabs my hands, pulls me close enough that our erect nipples are now touching. She wraps her hands around my neck, pretends to whisper to me, I giggle as if she said something to me. Then she gently nibbles my ear, slowly runs her lips arcoss the side of my face, until finally reaching my lips. We embrace each other and start to kiss, slow, soft, gentle kisses at first and then into wet, hottness.

This goes on for a few moments, we again return to the table for a refill and check on the guys. We sit down, and they are just in wow mode. Neither of them say anything at first, just stare. I know the gears are turning in thier head now. Our drinks and shots arrive. We decide its time to give them the remotes. We mix them up, tell them to grab one and have fun trying to figure out who they have. We giggle and return to the floor. The desparation is starting to set in, We are really starting to struggle to hold it.

It's extremely hard With the excitment of the moment, and the sweet vibes we are getting. We decide its time for one last drink and then we will start back to the hotel. Gathered back together at the table, we ask if they figured it out, and they still have no clue who's they have. I think they were just so turned on by the whole thing to think. We finish our drinks and start walking back. Amy and I ask the guys to stop at the liquor store for some drinks, and we would continue walking to the hotel room. As soon as they were outta sight we picked up the pace in order to prepare for the evening.

As we enter the room, we are ready to burst, but the show must go on. We slide the two queen size beds together, cover it with the plastic, grab all our fun items and place them on the bed. A little difficult task as we are also bouncing around, bending and holding our crotches desperately trying to hold our bladders. As Amy is lighting the candles, I turn the shower on and undress, then motion for Amy to join me. We step into the shower, grab the soap and begin lathering one another up. Starting with Amys shoulders and slowly moving down her chest stopping at her round firm breasts. The slipperyness of the soap helps my shaking hands glide softly and ever so gentle. I play with her erect nipples for a second, as i let the soap wash away. Hearing her sighs, and watching her squirm is turning me greatly, almost to the point of orgasm. I pause for a minute, to gather myself, but just then I hear the door start to open.

I really can't wait for the guys to notice and start watching us. I lean into Amy, Kiss her deeply as the warm water pours over us. I start lowering down, running my lips around and across her chest, My lips finally find that hard nipple, rolling my tongue on and around it, I can't help but to suckle them, increasing her arousal greatly. As I feel her body tremble, I know her pussy is just aching for attention, I turn my head sideways for a breath of air, before I go down on her and I notice in the mirror that the boys are now watching and very turned on.

They unfortunately still have their clothes on, but I could definetly see their cocks were stiff. With that sight, I wanted to turn them on, just as much as I wanted to taste Amy's hot little pussy. As I lower down, my hands enjoy every curve of her body. I'm finally in the position where my face is directly in front of her well shaved pussy. I run my tongue down her inner right thigh, and up the other, just a little tease. Reaching my hands around and grabbing her tight ass cheeks firmly, I pull her close and finally I meet my lips to her pussy lips, I softly kiss all over them. Her body just shaking with anticipation, I bring my fingers around to spread her lips, exposing her pussy for the boys to see. I'm ready for them to participate, I turn and ask them if they wanna come closer to get a better view.

As they are stepping towards us, I then ask them if they want me eat that pussy. Their excitement ever so growing, and with shaky voices they answer yes. I pull her near, press my tongue to her clit playing momentarily, I finally give her what she wants, rubbing her lips against my lips and pleasuring her greatly. As the panting, and sighing, and moaning become more frequent, I know It's time to move to a more comfy spot.

I pause, let her know we are going to the bed, kiss her softly, I turn the water off, grab her hand and help her shaking, ready to explode body to the bed. She tells me its my turn, I lie down on my back near the middle of the bed,allowing my legs the hang over the edge. Amy wants to taste my sweet juices so bad, she immediately drops to her knees, spreads my legs wide, quick to press her tongue to my throbbing, hot pussy. I am about to cum, I can't control myself, and I squirt just a little.

Amy knows I wanna build to extremely full, and stops. She lies me on my back, spreads me wide and slides her legs up me, grinding her pussy across my skin, she continues sliding up until our pussies meet. Both of us grinding in circleing motion, and holding our adomen, trying to control from bursting. I look over and see the guys and they are now on separate sides of the bed, watching closely. Both of them jeans open, and their rock hard cocks in hand, stroking themselves.

I look at each one of their faces, I can tell they are extremely turned on, and in need of some action. I nudge amy with my leg, she looks up at me,I give her a wink, grab her hand, and help her sit up, and look at my man. She knows exactly what I'm thinking, and immediately turns her attention to my man. I slide down the bed, Point at her man, and motion for him to lie on the bed. As he lies down, I slowly slide up his body, gliding my hard nipples over his skin, arousing me more. When my face is nearing his cock, I reach and wrap my right hand around his thick, hard manhood, leaving my left hand to caress his balls.

