Super desperate accident I had in public!!

14th May 2010, 06:34 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

The invitation arrived late, on Saturday May 1st. All party invitations are suposed to be out 10 days before a party, this one was late, only a weeks advance notice. The invitation was almost like all the others, rather plain, computer generated, merely stating: Sports Party at Bill and Marys house, Saturday May 8th, 2010 at 7:00 PM. The only difference in this one was there was a picture of a green recycle container on the front. Here in Northern Ohio many communities are going to the automated recycle collection containers where we put all our bottles, cans, plastic and all recycable materials for collection.

Oue party invitations are deliberatly vague as they are specifically designed to be left sitting on the kitchen counter in full view of anyone. Several group members have HS aged kids, and one lives with her mother in law. Sports Party, thats all they ever say. Us group members know full well that translates into Pee Party, something sure to evoke questions or even cause a misunderstanding if left out in the open. The green recycle container, well I just could not figure that one out.

I called Mary on Sunday afternoon and asked about it. She told me it was a surprise, I'd have to wait till the party to find out the connection. Mid week I took our party bag out of the closet and began gathering our usual, two pair of matching sweats for each of us, shampoo, soap, the old hair drier - which Josh had in the garage for some reason- four bath towels, old running shoes and a robe for each of us. Thursday evening at dinner Josh and I began drinking extra liquids starting with 3 glasses of iced tea for dinner and continuing with 8 ounces evert 3 hours, On Friday I drank and drank at work, I visited the potty at least every 45 minutes causing my coworkers to think I was on my period. Friday evening after work Josh and I began consuming 8 ounces every 2 hours, Saturday morning we began with 8 ounces every hour, at noon we doubled this.

We arrived promptly at 7:00 PM just as George and Jeanette were arriving. Two other couples were already there, Frank and Sue, and Marylin and her husband Paul. (All names have been changed - as usual). As soon as we arrived Mary our hostess along with her husband Bill announced we were all going out to eat dinner, they had reserved space at a local resterant. Since others would be there Mary reminded us to be behaved and make no referance to pee while eating. She told us to drink as much as we could hold as the festivities would begin as soon as we got back. Jeanetts asked what was the significance of the recycle can, Mary laughed and told her that was the theme of the evening.

We got back about 8:45. As Mary was passing out 8 oz glasses of fruit juice, tea, soft drinks etc, she wasted no time in explaining this evening we were going to "cycle pee" or "recycle pee" depending on your outlook. To give everyone an equal start we were going to begin with a group pee so everyone would have an empty bladder at the beginning. Marylin begged to be the receipant of the group pee. To everyones surprise she got naked before getting in the plastic wading pool. By now most couples had switched to robes or sweats or shorts (despite the cold weather in Cleveland).

Josh and I got 100% naked since were nudists and are nude most of the time anyway. Marylin got in and everyone gathered around the plastic pool, Within 90 seconds everyone was finished peeing, even Marylin who just laid there in the puddle enjoying being totally covered in it. Marylin got out, toweled off and put a robe on. We continued drinking liquids as Mary explained all couples woule be paired up, when one or the other had to pee the non peeing partner would try to consume it all. The couple passing it back and forth the most times without spilling any would win a gift certificate.

Now I have to explain. Josh and I aren't into drinking pee but we ahve at these parties, This would be another of those times where we want to fit in and have fun with the others, so I made up my mind I WAS going to do this. Soon Jeanette had to pee, George 'assumed the position, in the now rinsed and dried wading pook, sitting down on his but, with his hands on the floor supporting his weight. Jeanette climbed in and straddled his mouth. Within seconds George was gagging and spitting pee out, and accusing Jeanettte of trying to drown him! They tried several times without success, although everyone laughed and enjoyed the show.

Soon Sue was in the pool, Frank was in her mouth and basically they passed almpst all of it. Next it was my turn, I really had to pee. Josh got in the pool and placed his handsalms down to support his weight, His knees were up a bit for additional support. He tilted his head back a bit and i stood over him, my vagina basically over his mouth, Idribbled it out slowly, a trick I learned in college while peeing in a group shower so as not to be noticed, Josh kept up and consumed it all. Next it was Joshes turn to go. We changed positions. I did not tilt my head back because I'm a gagger and cant stand anytiing contacting my tonsels.

I palced his penis between my teeth and the side of my mouth, this way the paray would not hit my tonsels. Josh tool about 2 minutes but i took it all. Our evening went on for about another hour, Josh and I passed pee or "cycled pee" four different times. By this time everyone was tired and absolutely full so we decided to ahve another Group pee, Josh drew the short straw and took his turn getting soaked! We left the aprty about 11:30 after showering, On the way home we had to stop for me to pee. I surprised Josh by squatting next to the car in a deserted aprking lot onthe way home, After getting home we enjoyed some terrific sex, after sahring more pee that is.

More next time, Emly

