Watersucker, Chapter 1

12th December 2012, 04:00 AM

Author: consch

Location: Toronto (Sex: Male) Posts: 23

David was sitting in the front row of the school bus taking him home from school. The seats were wide enough for two to fit comfortably, but no one was sitting next to David; most students preferred to sit near the back of the bus, where they could feel the bumps in the road more strongly. There were two girls sitting across the aisle from David: a blonde, sitting next to the aisle, and a brunette, sitting next to the window. Both were attractive, but so were a good many of David's classmates. David alternated between watching the two girls and looking out his own window; there wasn't much else he could see from where he was sitting. About two-thirds of the way through the ride, while David was looking out the window, he heard a gasp and turned just in time to see the brunette plunge both hands tightly between her legs. The blonde was giggling.

"I can't believe you would watersucker me in public!" the brunette exclaimed, quietly but clearly horrified.

Watersucker? David thought, confused. He had never heard that term before.

"We're almost home," the blonde replied. "Anyway, you got me while we were out hiking."

"There was no one else around."

"So it's the other people that bother you? The seat backs are too high for anyone to see you without standing up."

The brunette looked around, then pointed at David. "He can see," she said.

"All right, one person."

"You know I'm going to get you back for this."

"I'm sure you will," the blonde retorted. "In the meantime, though ..." she started to tickle the brunette's sides.

"Oh my god, stop. Stop. I have to pee."

"That's the point."

They stopped talking at that point. The blonde continued to giggle and tickle the brunette, who tried to squirm away from the blonde's fingers while continuing to hold herself tightly with both hands. David, his mouth open slightly, could not take his eyes off of them. The brunette tried to glare angrily at the blonde a few times, but then she would crack up from the tickling, squeeze her vulva with the hands holding it, and then concentrate her efforts on trying to getting away from the tickling while, apparently, struggling not to wet her pants. After awhile she started squeezing herself repeatedly even while trying to avoid being tickled, and then she gave on the dodging attempts, crossed one leg over the other, and tensed her thighs briefly. David's mouth had gone dry. He closed it and swallowed, then opened it again.

«Aww,» the blonde started to tease, «do you have to go pee pee? Are you going to wet your pants like a little kid? Are you going to have an embarrassing accident on a crowded school bus?» She was smiling broadly.

«I hate you,» the brunette said flatly. They were speaking quietly, presumably so as not to attract the attention of the entire school bus, but David was still able to hear what they said if he listened properly. The brunette tensed her thighs again.

The bus stopped. David started; he had forgotten that he was on a moving vehicle. The blonde looked out the girls' window and said, «Oh, here we are.» She turned to face the aisle and slowly slid out of the seat. As she slowly stood up, she looked at David. David half hoped, half dreaded that she would say something to him. She did not. She merely looked at him for a few moments, her expression showing nothing more than passing curiosity, and then turned and started walking toward the door to the bus, which the driver had opened.

The brunette was now sitting at the edge of the seat that the girls had shared, her legs still crossed and her hands still between them. She, too, looked at David, and her expression showed exasperation, as well as the understandable panic of being about to pee in her pants. The exasperation, however, was not directed at David. She did say something to David: «I'm going to get her back for this.» The way she said it, David believed her, although he was still kind of confused about what was going on.

The brunette then uncrossed her legs and slowly got up, still holding her vulva tightly. David suspected that her slowness was for an entirely different reason than that of the blonde. The two girls made their way out of the bus, the blonde still moving with what David assumed was deliberate slowness, the brunette pee pee dancing furiously and urging her companion to hurry up. Once they made it to the sidewalk, the blonde resumed tickling the brunette's sides. The bus door closed and the bus started moving again. David watched the two girls out the window. The brunette was bent forward, her hands still between her legs, hobbling along the sidewalk, stopping frequently to squeeze her thighs together, while the blonde tailgated her and tickled her constantly. David continued to watch them until the bus turned a corner and they were out of sight.

When David's mother got home later that day, David asked her, «Mom, what does «watersucker' mean?»

His mother looked at him uncertainly. «Watersucker? Something that sucks up water?»

That didn't make sense. But David didn't feel comfortable discussing the circumstances under which he had heard the term used, so he said, «Never mind,» and went back to doing his homework.

