On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Pt 5)

26th April 2011, 11:41 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Thursday:

Not a very good day weather wise, cloudy and a little cold again. Not the kind of weather to go out in skimpy clothes for T. No rain either so nothing for T and I there . We did not do much during the day. However, in the evening we decided to go up to Arroyo to the Tapas bar again. That's the one where T had her skirt unzipped to her crotch for me and the waiter to see her panties

.

T came out of the shower early evening and said to me that she feels very daring and horny. I just laughed and said, how daring? She just giggled and said I don't know. When she came out of the bedroom ready to go out, I just looked at her and said woooow! You look stunning.

Her beautiful blonde hair was sitting on her shoulders. Her hair colour made her deep suntan look even deeper. She had a nice black top on and her loose fitting summer skirt was white, with the hem coming to rest just above her knees. Her deep blue eyes just looked at me. I have to admit that I could quite easily have stayed at home with her at this point, lol.

We arrived at the Tapas bar and the seat that we occupied last time was taken, so we sat at the one next to it. Which was not quite so secluded, but it was fine for us. There were about 10 other people sitting at tables all talking and making a lot of noise. The waiter came out to serve us and he recognised us, or I should probably say that he recognised T from last time after the great view she had given him.

We ordered a bottle of wine and some Tapas from the menu and settled down for the evening. About an hour later the table that we sat at last time became vacant, so we moved our wine and bits and sat in the same seats as we did before. We sat talking and laughing and ordered another bottle of wine and some more Tapas at around 9.45pm.

Half way through the second bottle T had her chair facing mine; she then put her right foot up on the edge of my seat. As time passed she gradually let her skirt slide a little up her thighs. It was then that I glimpsed her stockings tops (hold ups) and a lovely pair of blue panties

. I said to her, you are a bloody torment, she smiled and said, yes but you like it. We both just looked at one another and I was taking a sip of wine and T started to laugh and my mouthful of wine cam tumbling out of between my lips, luckily I felt it and slightly turned my head away from T's legs.

By 11.00pm the Tapas bar was almost empty, and as we were sitting in the corner no one else could really see our chairs, or us. We noticed that the waiter kept coming out during the evening and asking us if there was anything else. Every time he came out he looked at T's legs and positioned himself in an awkward position by my side so that he was facing T. This of course did not go unnoticed by her, or me for that matter.

T got up and said she was going to freshen up. I said don't waste it in there, save it. She smiled and said that she was only going to freshen up as little. She looked at me with a wry smile and kissed me on the cheek. She came back a couple of minutes later and put her hand in my jacket pocket, I went to look but she kept my hand away from my pocket, she was just smiling at me.

I poured the remainder of the wine into our glasses and T took up her position with her foot on the side of my chair. She half turned in her chair and as she did so her legs opened quite wide, I looked at her stocking tops and I could not believe it, she had taken her panties off...freshen up, yeah right, lol.

She turned back and looked at her glass, and then looked at me, her look was as though butter would not melt in her mouth, cigarette she said? Casually placing two between her lips and lighting them.

You are enjoying this I commented, she grinned and said, are you? Yes, I said you are so open with no inhibitions. She replied, I do have some inhibitions and I have done things here with you that I would never have dreamed of doing. I have always wanted to go into a men's toilet and have a pee, that is one thing I have done with you and I really enjoyed doing it. When I leave Spain I would never do any of what we have done whilst I am out.

By 11.30pm T was sitting with both feet up on either side of my chair, her skirt was now well over half way up her thighs, sometimes she parted her knees and I could see her lovely pubic hairs and each time she opened her legs I could see the lovely soft lips that looked so inviting to touch. I slid my hand up her legs, slowly and gently I rubbed my finger over her clitoris once or twice, she was moist between her thighs.

I had just taken my hand away and the waiter appeared, he cleaned a couple of tables, for the fourth time. He then came by my side again and asked if we would like a drink on the house. T then leant forward toward me and as she did she parted her knees. Her stocking tops and her lovely pussy were very clearly in view for us both to see. I looked up at him and said that we would like a Peach snaps and his eyes were looking down at T's legs and up her skirt. He walked away and I said to her, you really are a torment. I am enjoying it she replied and giggled loudly.

As we were walking away from the table T just gave him a big grin and the waiter just kept looking, more in disbelief I think. It probably made his nights work much more pleasant in any case, lol.

We arrived home by Taxi as the night was a little chilly and we did not want to walk. I got hold of T's hand and guided her into the bathroom. T stripped me naked, then I took her top of and gently unloaded her nice breasts from her bra. I slipped both my thumbs into the top of her skirt and slowly pulled it down over her thighs until it dropped of it's own accord. I left her stockings on and helped her into the shower. The water felt so warm and inviting.

T laid me down and placed her thighs over my face. She parted her pussy lips and slowly began to let her piss go. She began to dribble and it tasted good, she was trying to control it as it came out, short squirts at first then she was squirting more powerfully each time she let more piss go. She then put placed herself right over my my mouth, there was no gap between her Minge and my mouth. She then let it all go, all at once and I drank and drank, as much as I possibly could. I moved my mouth away to get some air and T was still pissing quite a lot. She moved her hips slowly up and down over my face, head and chest. It was so warm, but a little salty, I did not mind though, it still tasted great. When she had finished I licked her dry and gently nibbled her clitoris in between my teeth, then with a stiff tongue rolling it all around her clit.

She rolled off and placed herself on top of me in a 69 position. I could not resist licking her and playing with her lovely soft wet Minge, it was there right in my face. She then said that she wanted me to piss in her mouth. I just relaxed and she put my cock in her mouth, a little too tightly as I could not let my piss go. I said do not put any pressure as it stops me from going, so she took my cock out and I started to let my piss go. When I was in full stream she gently put my cock back in her mouth and she started to drink my piss. She did not take it out once, she drank all that I had, then licked me shaft from top to bottom, just making an mmmm noise. We did not go to bed then. We had great sex right there in the shower. I had her legs right up over her head. Nice and gentle at first then a good hard fucking as I was reaching my climax.

T got up and we got in the 69 position again, she licked and sucked all the juices from my wet cock, and I did the same for her. We made coffee and sat on the sofa before we retired for the night.

We did eventually go to bed but not before we had made love again on the sofa.

The next day Friday, was a very eventful day, and most certainly a new exhilarating experience for T!

