Golden spa treatment

26th November 2010, 10:05 PM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

A few months ago, I woke up and had to go really really bad... I stepped into the bathtub and put the stopper down. I pissed and pissed for the longest time, sometimes feeling the stream with my hand. Slowly, the piss started to rise up and touch my toes as it collected in a big puddle. It smelled strong and was pretty yellow.

I was getting so hard, so I got down on my knees and shoved my face in the puddle. I let my lips slups a little. It really was strong... As I sat back up, I realized my hair had gotten wet, and it started to drip down my back. For some reason I had never thought of piss in my hair, and suddenly it was getting me so turned on. I kneeled again and got the rest of my hair completely soaking wet with piss, mashing my face into the puddle to soak up as much as I could.

Then I stood up, and the piss dripped from my hair onto my face, down my neck, down my back, onto my chest, and ran all the way to my feet, which were already wet. As my own piss dribbled down my face, I slurped up the drops and enjoyed their strong, tart taste.

I wanted more, so I used a bathroom cup to scoop up some piss and pour it on my head. I caught more piss as it ran across my face... I was loving the feeling of piss on my face, so I scooped more up, and splashed the glass onto my face. Feeling desperately horny, I grabbed a scrubber brush, and dipped my ass in the puddle. Using my piss as (bad) lubrication, I shoved the brush up my ass. With the brush coming out like a bunny tail, I used my ass to scrub the tiles. Finally, unable to take it anymore, I got down on my knees again and started slurping up my piss from the tub. It was really too strong to drink, but I forced myself to take a few big gulps. Finally, I leaned back, and as I pumped the brush in and out of my ass, I swallowed the piss and came all over my chest.

Since then, I often start my showers off with a little golden spa treatment.

