Six Flags Magic Mountain

7th November 2008, 08:01 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This one is totally true. What a great afternoon.

Lola, Six Flags Magic Mountain

I've been in Los Angeles for the last four days and have decided to take the day off from the Winter National Drag races where I've been working for another race team. We have been eliminated and so I'm at Magic Mountain amusement park north of the city. It's very warm and perfect weather to attend the reopening of «Colossus», one of the wildest roller coasters anywhere. In fact that is a good enough reason by itself to come here. Really, though, several of these rides are good enough to scare the hell out of you if you are not used to it.

It's also really a good place to see the ladies sometimes wet in their pants during some of the rides, I guess I've just lived right because I'm about to see one of my best such experiences.

The beautiful weather has attracted a lot of people and many of them are dressed for it. Some of the girls are wearing sexy short-shorts or tight jeans. Many are sexy and a lot of fun to watch.

Around three o'clock I'm sitting near a rock band listening to the music and taking in the sights. The crowd is especially large and moving from ride to ride. They mostly need to pass in front of me so it's fun watching the ladies.

Almost immediately I've noticed two teenage couples walk by. One of the girls is a least eighteen and wearing a pair of yellow terrycloth short-shorts. She's peed a little and is tugging at the wet crotch. Not really concerned, I bet she's wet her pants on one of the rides, I'm sure that she's also telling her boyfriend about it because as she is smiling he's stuck his hand to her crotch from behind checking for himself. It's nothing spectacular and I watch as they, still smiling, move on.

A half hour later I'm wondering if I should have spent more time watching them when I find myself glancing to my right. Approaching right towards where I'm sitting are three adult women and two small children. Two of these ladies are dressed in dark ankle length dresses and not much to look at. However, leading the way is one of the prettiest black women that I've ever seen. She almost looks like a princess but at the same time is very sexy. She's wearing a very light blue pair of short-shorts with a matching pull over short sleeve top. The top and shorts have slightly darker side seams. Her clothes fit her perfect body to a tee, especially around her crotch. She doesn't have large breasts but has a beautifully rounded butt that is only accentuated by her heeled sandals. She just has that sexy walk that stands out. With a perfect haircut-perm and sunglasses pushed up on her head, I'd say she is a very exciting women. Her makeup is perfect and she is quite beautiful.

I only have a second to check out the front of her shorts as she walks by on the way to a trashcan to dispose of a candy wrapper. But when she bends slightly to do that it's all too obvious that she's wet her pants. Spread across that beautiful rear of hers is a full wet stain. It is a very symmetrical inverted «U» centered over her bottom crack and spreading to the middle of each thigh.

As she turns to walk away I notice that her white nylon, brief style panties are poking below the side slits on her shorts. Her double crotch band is stuck tightly up her ass. It doesn't take an invitation to follow at a discreet distance as she walks sexily through the park. Her group has just come from a section of the park with a lot of the faster rides and they are now standing in line for a ride on the «Twister». As Lola (I just had to give her a name) stands in line I notice her almost casually bend over to examine her crotch. When she looks up she uses one motion to reach around to her behind to pull her shorts loose from her butt where they have gotten bunched.

The ride is soon over and they move over to the children's ride area where I continue to watch as the kids enjoy themselves. While the two children ride a train, I can see the three women laughing and talking in what has to be a foreign language. While this is going on, Lola needs to pull her soggy panties loose from her butt at least five times. Each time she does this she runs her hand across the fabric as if to see how it is drying. She is doing this almost instinctively as they laugh about the kids on the ride.

From this area they return to one of the faster rides. The ladies in the dresses decide they want to go, but Lola indicates that she would rather stay with the children. I'm thinking that it was probably one of the faster rides that made Lola wet her pants in the first place and she doesn't want to do it again. Her shorts are drying but there is a distinct yellow cast to the stain surrounding her butt.

The light is beginning to fade into evening and I've really only gotten a good look at the front of her crotch one time. The stain is less obvious there and only stretches a little above where her double crotch band would be. I'm sure she peed while seated on one of the rides.

Still she is totally unconcerned that she's wet her pants while I've noticed a lot of people checking her out. Most are noticing her beauty, but at least some have fixated on the stain surrounding her crotch and butt. One husband and wife I stood next to were talking and I heard her say, «here she comes again». The women's mouth is partially open as though she can't believe a lady would wet her pants and then continue to display herself the way this one obviously is.

It's nearly closing time and I've watched this group for at least two hours. They are taking their last ride on «Colossus» but Lola has stayed behind in the spectator area. Her shorts although still stained must be nearly dry and she is no longer picking at them. She is leaning against the railing with her butt facing my direction, the faded stain all too obvious. What a sexy lady.

I've seen other women wet their pants but seeing someone who is so casual about it is very rare. I believe that this was not the first time she'd done it either.

