The librarian's wet summer day

11th September 2005, 01:36 PM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

You wake up in the morning after a night on the town. Hurriedly you look at the alarm clock. You have forgotten to set the alarm and you will be too late for work! You rush up and sit down on the bed side. You are naked. Your clothes hang on a chair by the bed ready to be put on. You put your stockings on. While you do that you spread your legs so that your cunt and cunt slit can be clearly seen. You get up while you pull your skirt over your shoulders and let it slide down your body. Your skirt reaches almost to your knees. Then you rush out of the room. But your panties are still hanging over one of the arms of the chair &#8230;

You enter the kitchen where you start making a sandwich. You have no time to go to the toilet, but think that you can do that at work since it will not be long before you are there.

A few minutes later you leave your flat with the sandwich in your hand.

You jump on to the bus. When you have found a seat, you put one leg over the other and press your hand on to your crotch to keep the pee back.

Unfortunately, when you arrive at work, you are requested by the head librarian to put some books onto the shelf at once, because it is urgent. There is only you and your colleague, who is a female, in the room. You go to the shelf where the books are to be placed. When you are in cover behind the shelf, you sit down on a stool, put one leg over the other and press your legs tightly together. You start to put the books onto the shelf. But the shelf is high up, and it is not easy to keep your legs together at the same time.

So after a couple of minutes your legs slip apart. Then your cunt appears under your skirt - you have forgotten to put your panties on! Your cunt slit reaches high up on your stomach. Suddenly a sprinkle of pee comes out of your cunt slit and hits the front of your skirt. You exclaim "Oh!", and press your hands onto your stomach. You rise and look down your skirt. It has a few wet patches. You walk cautiously along the shelf and peep out form behind it towards the counter to check if your colleague has noticed anything.

The behind of your skirt is a little wet with pee. But your colleague is busy with something behind the counter, so everything seems to be ok. You return to the stool and sit down again and resume your activity of putting books onto the shelf, this time with your legs slightly apart. Suddenly another stream of pee comes out of your cunt, and this time it is considerably stronger and thicker. You rise and a long patch of pee can be seen down the front of your skirt.

You look for your colleague again, but she is on her way out to do an errand, and has obviously heard nothing. The behind of your skirt has become wetter now. However, now you have the benefit of being alone. You hurry to fetch a bucket that is placed in a corner, sit down on the stool and hold the bucket in front of you. With a sigh of relief you start peeing. The hissing sound of your peeing cunt is mixed with the drumming sound of pee hitting the bottom of the empty bucket. After a while the sound from the bucket turns into a splashing sound as the bottom of the bucket is covered with pee. The pee stream keeps running out of your cunt for a long time.

When you are finished, you clean up the pee with a piece of cloth that came with the bucket. You also wipe the skirt a bit, and think that hopefully the pee stains will dry up during the warm summer day.

