Clares dungarees

12th July 2006, 06:39 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Don't think I've included this little Clare-tale before now - it's one from our time living together. Apologies if I have - I did prep it, then lost it! Short and sweet, a bit hurried if the truth be told, but I hope you enjoy it all the same.

Clare and I were out one evening with friends, who had joined us as guides to the area we had just moved to. We went around a couple of pubs, having the usual beers and conversation, these people were her friends from work - keen and helpful if not entirely interesting. As we were sat in one pub, the girls chatting to each other, Clare leaned over and whispered in my ear «Do you want a shower later?» This being our term for wet fun - in whatever form it might actually take. I was taken aback - we rarely actually planned these things, they just happened when Clare got pissed, then pissed - if you see what I mean

«What a splendid idea» I replied, out loud. «Well, you'd better get me another drink then» was the response.

I did. And from that moment on, was captivated by her bladder. She was not a big girl, delicate frame, but she seemed to happily hold copious amounts - until that was she became desperate

, then all hell would break loose as she struggled to hold on. We had already had a couple of pints, this one was the third. I used the loo before we left the pub, but Clare did not. She, at this stage, had on a knee length skirt, and blouse with denim jacket over. It was not a cold night, so no danger of the sudden change in temperature causing her problems.

The two friends declared that their part in the evening was over, they had a 20 minute or so walk home and we agreed to walk some of the way with them just to see a bit more of the town we had moved into. The girls walked in front, the two lads behind, and we set off. I watched Clare as we moved along, and got no obvious indication of a need to go, she kept a steady pace, talking all the while. As we reached a crossing, she fell back beside me, and nudged me. «We should head home» was all she said. «You need to pee?» I asked. Clare nodded.

We made our excuses, being along the lines of not wanting to get lost on the way back to our flat, and retraced our steps. I was keen to find out how desperate

Clare was, so asked. «I'll make it back to the flat» was all I got in reply. She did, but by the time we got there, was marching on the spot, with that mischievous grin on her face. I fumbled for the key. «Get a move on» she said. "I'm rather desperate."

Onside, she sat in our one easy chair, and rocked gently back and forth. «I suppose you want me to take off most of my clothes now?»

«Actually no!» I replied. «We have this place all to ourselves. I have an idea.» Despite this, Clare proceeded to remove her skirt and blouse, and then led me into our bedroom. She then proceeded to take my clothes off, and we lay down together. She with her legs tightly closed, with the occasional «Sss» escaping her lips, we kissed and caressed a while.

«We have just a few minutes» she gasped, «you wanna fuck?» I did. She astride me, ever so gently moving me in and out of her. After too little time, she moved away and stood up. «You should join me in the bathroom» she said. «I might just have to wet myself if you don't. I am full. So full I'm struggling to hang on»

«Hang on just a bit please» I said. «Time for the cunning bit».

«There isn't any time» she said, standing in the hallway, legs crossed and both hands jammed in her crotch. If you don't come along, I'll just wet myself. I'm busting".

«Put this on for me, and take off everything else, then we can go» I wanted to see her piss herself in clothes - not something I had seen before. Now we had the privacy of our own place, this was a dream come true, and she knew it!

I had hurriedly gone to her wardrobe and chosen a pair of baggy dungarees. The top was loose enough for me to get at her breasts - and for the world to see them if she wore these things with nothing else underneath. The bottom half cupped her pussy nicely, but ballooned out around her thighs. «Take your undies off - these will show every drop as you leak. We can play something new!» The dungarees tied at the waist - so I did, tying them fairly tight and making it impossible for Clare to undo them in time to spare them a soaking.

Clare managed to comply, but not without a little tutting and much squeezing of her thighs, not to mention holding desperately between her legs. «You can be such a bastard at times» she said - meaning it ever so slightly!

With the dungarees on, she stood there haning on desperately, both hands between her legs, legs crossed. «I have got to pee now, you coming into the bathroom with me, or do I just wet myself. I can't hold it»

We moved into the bathroom. Clare staggering and bending at the waist as we did so. She stood in the bath, still holding on for dear life. «Silly question» I said, «But if you let go, you gonna leak?» I got a raised eyebrow in return and a little huff.

«Let's see» she said. Clare released her grip, pulled the dungarees up tight between her legs and tried to stand still. «I«m leaking» she said. «Can't wait, sorry.»

«Don't apologise. This is the good bit» I said. I placed one hand between her legs and squeezed. I was rewarded with a squirt that became a hiss. I squeezed harder, and Clare took hold of my cock, massaging me gently as I watched her dungarees become damp, then wet. «You want to let go? I am hurting down there and really want to wet myself before I explode completely».

I let go and looked on as the dungarees became soaked and soggy very quickly. Clare let rip, the pee poured down both legs, into the bath and puddle up around her crotch too - she turned around after finishing and where the waistband was tied, the pee had gone up the back till it could go no further and retreated down again in a clear beery tide. Before being treated to the rear view, however, I was in ecstasy myself, as her massaging of my cock brought me to orgasm - as it always did on these occasions. This time too though, while she squeezed her soaking, soggy thighs together, she came too - not guaranteed, but on this occasion a release that almost brought her to her knees. It didn't stop us returning to bed and making love as her bladder filled again - this became the more usual pattern as far as fulfilling her needs were concerned. She loved the feel of a full bladder while fucking - and I was only too happy to oblige!

