Wake Up Call

6th May 2012, 08:37 PM

Author: Jackbower

Location: USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 52

The small space had two windows, each covered by some blinds and then by a layer of thin, dark cotton, most likely cut from a sheet. From the tears and exposed ends poured in fragments of golden light which penetrated the dull grayness of the room. The surrounding objects - books, clothing, papers - were scattered about in a disjointed and chaotic way. All foods and drinks had been carefully removed from the room, as to avoid attracting bugs, but the room was still an undeniable mess.

Samantha's eyes crept open, the lively green of her pupils contrasting sharply with the dull air of the room. Her body felt utterly relaxed underneath her black comforter and new, silk sheets. The only exception was a recognizable tightness in her lower tummy, an acute sting which called for release. In her new-morning daze, she didn't quite process the intensity of the urge and continued to lay in ignorant pleasure. It wasn't until she felt a tickle start at her groin and reverberate up her entire body, going from a light sensation, to a goose bump, and finally to a realization of horror, that she knew that the sensation needed immediate attention. A single drop of urine had slipped out of her, partially dampening the flesh-toned panties which had once guarded her privates from prying eyes, but now guarded her sheets from running water.

She immediately clenched her sphincter, feeling her groin tighten while another two minuscule drops of urine slipped their way out. She grabbed at herself, her fingers pushing into her womanly appendage, blocked only by the blankets and the thin, bikini-style panties. The «acute sting» had become a cry of desperation, threatening to burst out onto her bed sheets any second.

«Oh crap…» She groaned to herself, as she shifted around uncomfortably.

She momentarily stopped grabbing herself and threw the blankets out of her way. Once her body was free, she immediately went back to plugging the spout that threatened emit a waterfall. Her hand remained crudely crammed in her in between her legs as she slowly rose to her feet, not wanting to make any sudden movements in the danger that she could agitate her bladder and spring another, possibly more substantial, leak.

She had on a soft, blue shirt, made of form-fitting nylon that hugged every corner of her small, perky breasts. Her nipples and bellybutton were plainly visible through the shirt, but it was nothing her family hadn't seen her in. She had often walked around the house in panties as well; the only issue was her earlier bout of leaks. A quick look at her bed proved she hadn't gone very much, but the result of spreading her legs and bending over to check in her current state would be a mess. It was a quick trip to the bathroom and it was possible that the moisture wasn't even visible, but the last thing she needed was for someone to catch on the way in or out with wet panties.

She scoured the floor, sifting through mounds of clothing. She threw socks, shirts, and even underwear to the side until she finally nabbed a pair of green, cotton shorts. She removed her hand from her groin and worked at putting on the shorts. Multiple times in the ordeal she almost lost control, but using speed, she managed to get the shorts and start heading for her bedroom door before her bladder could release.

Right outside of her door was a hallway which connected all the bedrooms in the house. On the opposite wall of the bedrooms, smack dab in the middle of the wall, was the bathroom. She headed toward it, but she saw the light flick on, and in a moment of horror, the door closed with a momentary glimpse of her sister's identical, black hair.

Samantha rushed to the door, praying for her sister to finish in time. One hand had returned to her groin, her fingers pressing through the cotton shorts and panties, preventing the urine from escape. The other hand had stacked on top of it, helping add pressure. She went up and down, left and right, repeating the process of subtle movements for several seconds, doing anything to relieve the massive urge to release. She could feel the urine ready to burst out at the slightest provocation. She felt as if someone were to say one word to her, it would incite a leak, which would in turn lead to a complete lack of control.

«Oh my God…» She moaned to herself. «Fucking hurry…!»

Her leg seemed to elevate itself in the air, and her foot shook wildly. Her muscles were getting weaker. She could already tell that it was going to be a photo finish - if she made it!

Suddenly, from inside the bathroom, there was a loud splashing noise of water hitting water. Her sister was powerfully urinating into the toilet, audible to anyone within 5 miles. Even the hissing of her evident relief could be heard. Samantha's foot was once against mounted on the ground. Her hands pressed even harder into her womanhood, but it was no use. The sound of her was overwhelming. She could picture herself in there, peeing. She could feel the incomprehensible relief. Her muscles took on a mind of their own.

«No, no, no, no, no, no….» She groaned to herself.

As her sister's stream came to a pattering end, Samantha felt a large spurt of urine quickly shoot out, an audible hiss hitting her ears. It soaked the panties, dampened the running shorts, and even sent a droplet running down her leg. She wanted to keep holding it, but the pain and difficulty was too much. Her muscles were weak and had stopped obeying her waning determination, and soon another wave of pee forced its way out. This time, the shorts were completely soaked and there was enough urine to make it to the floor.

It was over. The final leak did not stop, and a stream, shooting into her clothing at full force exited her body. The hissing was loud, and she hoped no one else could hear it. The warmth started at her crotch, but urine was flowing so quickly it managed to propel itself forward and backward, saturating just a little bit more of the ruined shorts and underwear.

Her legs slightly spread as the accident went on, and she watched in embarrassment - but also orgasmic relief - as tiny rivers ran down her milky-white legs and made a puddle on the dark, wooden panels of the floor. The incident didn't last long, as she was peeing so hard and fast that her bladder emptied almost as fast as her sister's had. By the end of it, she was standing in a large - and still growing puddle - of urine, her socks drenched and still absorbing the warm liquid.

