Pool Pals (Part One)

3rd February 2008, 08:31 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

As they loaded the car with towels, suntan lotion, and dry clothes, Danielle's stomach was in knots. She could not hide her grin as she hopped into the back seat of Cheryl's car with Kiki. The three of them were wearing tight, one-piece bathing suits and denim shorts that showed off their figures better than any bikini could.

«So, Danielle,» Cheryl said as she pulled out of the driveway, «I suppose my daughter has already told you all about our situation?»

«She's mentioned a thing or two,» Danielle answered.

«And what do you think?»

«I think I'll be coming to visit more often.»

«Well, then, it's nice to know Kiki has a friend she can trust. I've been a little worried since we started this that she wouldn't be able to find any friends who would accept it. I'm glad to know you have.»

«Thank you.» Danielle squirmed a little in her seat and smiled as she felt her bladder beginning to nag her. «This is not really a new experience for me. I've wet my pants a few times before, but my mother is so old-fashioned that I'm afraid to ever get caught. But you two make me feel free, like I can go any time I want.»

«You can,» Cheryl said. «Sounds like you need to learn how to hide it. Just stick around, darling, you'll learn some things. Now, if you'll excuse me.» Danielle watched as Cheryl reached in the passenger seat, grabbed her towel, and slid it under her bottom. A few seconds later, the crotch of her denim shorts glistened as a dark patch spread quickly. Cheryl bit her lip and moaned softly as her pee hissed out, soaking the front of her shorts completely. «You two can go if you want.»

Kiki did not hesitate and slid her towel under her bottom, as well. To Danielle's surprise, Kiki also slid her shorts off and dropped them to the floor. «What are you doing?» Danielle asked.

«Something different,» Kiki answered. Kiki spread her legs and pulled aside the crotch of her bathing suit. She sighed as a strong spray of pee splashed against the towel and soaked into the material. Danielle watched while Kiki slipped two of her fingers into her vagina as her pee continued to flow freely to the towel. «Oh my God, mmm. It's soaking the seat, but I don't care.» Kiki cried as she moved her fingers in and out of her vagina, massaging her clitoris as the last few drops of her pee trickled out of her.

«Okay, I can't hold it anymore,» Danielle said. She raised her bottom off of the seat and slid her towel under her bottom. As she closed her eyes, it took a little longer than she'd hoped, but soon she felt the pressure easing as her crotch became warm and wet. Her pee escaped with such force against her bathing suit and shorts that she could not hold back a gasp. She bit her lip as she felt the wetness spread over her crotch and soak into the towel under her, surrounding her bottom with such pleasurable warmth. «Mmm, it's so warm. Oh.»

As her peeing slowed, she could hear Kiki gasping beside her and slipped one of her fingers through the leg of her wet shorts to touch her vagina. She slipped the finger in and felt small rivulets of pee tickle her hand. All it took was a few seconds of teasing to send her into climax. «Oh, God, I'm gonna come. Oh, oh, mmm.» She was delighted to hear Kiki's screams in unison with her own as her urine stopped flowing and she sat back in the seat, exhausted.

«Man,» Cheryl said, «you two are unbelievable.» The three of them laughed as Cheryl finally pulled the car into the city pool parking lot. «Now you'll see how I do business.»

