Julie (fiction) -- feel free to add to this story

19th August 2013, 03:20 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I gazed up at the lofty ceiling of the University library reading room. Huge dark beautifully finished beams criss-crossed high above me, and reddish highly grained wooden wainscoting covered the walls. The architecture of the place was magnificent. The view through the tall gothic church like windows out across the campus was equally impressive.

Randy nudged me in the ribs with his elbow "Ya goin' to the Alpha Nu party tonight?"

"Um.. I don't know.. Sure I guess.."

A girl giggled behind me, "He guesses?"

I turned to see an incredibly cute blonde with a smirk on her face.

Randy snickered, "He doesn't have a clue."

"What...?"

"What." the cute blonde laughed, "You can't go without a date!"

A group of girls at another table giggled. I caught my breath and felt a lump in my throat. Julie was one of the girls at the other table.

Julie was about medium height, with beautiful long dark brown flowing hair. Her beige shorts were fairly long but they were sort of form fitting around her curvy hips and they provided a good view of her soft tanned legs. Her firm medium sized breasts were covered with a thin soft white sweater that wasn't quite enough to hide her erect nipples. Her eyes sparkled and her cheeks flushed slightly as she smiled at me. I felt my face turning red.

"Look at him!" The blonde laughed and rolled her eyes.

"Relax dude, it's not that big of a deal." Randy said with a little disgust in his voice. "Come on Anna, let's get outta here."

I turned my attention back to my cultural sociology book but I was a little too rattled to read coherently. I kept imagining that the girls at the other table were watching me. Finally I got up and headed out of the reading room to a computer in the main library section where I randomly looked up "Stephen King" and scribbled the location of one of his books on a little piece of paper, then I went to go and find it. It was all the way down on the first floor.

When I returned with the book "The Gunslinger" I found to my relief, and also loneliness, that the girls at the other table -- including Julie -- had left. I wasn't even interested in reading the book. I had already read the entire "Gunslinger" series.. so I don't know what I was thinking.

I decided to call it a day. I stuffed my books back in my backpack. I figured I'd just head back to the dorm, watch some tv in the dorm lobby, and then go to bed. The moment I started to get up I realized that I really needed to pee..

Maybe I am a little weird. I am one of those guys who gets a hard-on every night in my sleep. As long as I have a hard-on I don't need to pee. But the second that I lose the hard-on I desperately need to go. I guess that seeing Julie had given me a little bit of a hard-on despite the embarrassment. Anyway I needed to find a bathroom before I wet my pants.

I had never used a bathroom in the library so I didn't really know where they were, other than the bathrooms right off of the entrance. And I was all the way up on the third floor. I spotted some recessed doors down at the end of the lobby, just outside of the reading room, and hurried urgently in their direction. But when I got there I found that they were just a couple of unmarked locked doors -- that probably led into a little janitors room or something.

All of the way down at the other end of the lobby there were a couple more recessed doors and I thought I could see a little sign indicating that they were bathroom doors. I was starting to get a little desperate. I don't know why I had drank so much soda pop at dinner..

Now I was really hurrying. As I got closer I saw that they were indeed the bathrooms! But there was some sort of paper taped to the door. It read "Out Of Service. Use First Floor Restrooms." I pushed on the door, but it was locked. I felt a slight spurt of pee in my pants and almost lost it.

In the corner of the lobby, just a few feet from the bathroom doors, was a large pot. It was filled with soil and the short broken trunk of a long dead plant. My heart beat hard. I glanced at the bathroom doors and then down the lobby. Did I dare? Oh gawd what would happen if somebody caught me? The embarrassment aside...?

My penis tingled and a chill ran through me as I fought to hold it with all of my might. I took a deep breath and set my backpack down. Maybe just a super fast partial pee? The alternative was to wet my pants and that really would be embarrassing..

"These ones are locked too?!" A girls voice jolted me and I literally jumped and released another spurt of pee into my pants.

My heart was pounding like ninety miles an hour. "Yeah.." I croaked weakly to Julie and glanced at my pants. I couldn't see any wet spot.

"Fucking University.." Julie groaned and pressed her knees together. The way she had said "Fucking" made me think that she didn't use the word very often.

I sighed and tried to speak with a steady voice, "I guess that we're going to have to use the bathrooms downstairs." I loved the way it sounded to say "..we're", it made it seem like we were together.

Julie nodded dejectedly.

I grabbed my back. "Wait.." Julie set her hand on my shoulder and I almost jumped.

"Yeah..?" I asked under my breath.

Julie smirked broadly at me, and my heart started pounding hard. I started to say something and Julie put a finger to her lips and shushed me. Julie grinned broadly "Com'on" she whispered and motioned me with her fingers to follow.

"I really need to go.." I whispered in protest, but I didn't really want to leave Julie. It was almost like I was "with her".

"Com'on" Julie grinned mischievously.

"Ok" I said quietly but confidently.

Julie opened the door into the main library and stopped and looked around nervously. It appeared to be totally empty. But that was not really all that amazing considering that it was a Friday night.

Julie smirked nervously at me then motioned me to follow again. She led the way into the book stacks and we wound our way back to a corner where we finally came to a stop. Julie pressed her knees together and gazed down at the new beige berber carpet for a few seconds and I felt myself growing hard.

"Anna is a fucking jerk." Julie said in a slightly shaky voice. She set her backpack down and I set mine down next to hers.

I shrugged and tried to sound reasonable, "They were just teasing."

"I wouldn't want to hang out with them anyway.." Julie said quietly. She reached down and grabbed the button on the top of her shorts. "Ok.. you ready to do it?" she asked under her breath.

"Uhhh...what?"

Julie waited nervously.

"Umm.." My heart started pounding hard, "You mean... right here?!"

Julie made a face "No way! What are you some sort of pervert?!!!" She looked at my slightly bulging pants..

"I uhh.." I felt myself blushing.

Julie punched at me playfully, "I'm just teasing." She grinned broadly. "Okay..okay.. okay.. okay... This is soo bad!!" She took a breath. "Okay.. Let's do it at the same time."

I reached down and grabbed my zipper. She waited.. I unzipped my zipper. "Okay.." I waited. I waited a little longer.. She still waited with her hand on the button.

"Well?" I asked. This was so weird I was actually with Julie.

"Okay.." she whispered. She glanced around nervously and then back at me. "Okay!" she said with a determined look on her face. I saw the button pop loose under her fingers. She unzippered slowly.. And then in one fast motion her pants were down and she was squatting inches over the floor!!!! Her feet out wide her knees pressed tightly together, her naked but only partially visible butt seated on the edge of the bottom shelf -- pushing the books back into the bookcase.

She gave me a wide eyed look then I turned my back to her and pulled my semi-engorged dick out of my pants. My gawd I was with Julie! My heart was pounding as I turned back around so that Julie could see my dick.

Julie grinned nervously at me, and laughed under her breath. "Okay.. okay..okay.."

I tried to relax and a little spurt of pee made a splash on the carpet. "Okay.." I agreed. Another spurt of pee splashed on the carpet.

"This is soo bad.." Julie smirked and shook her head.

Suddenly the urge, and ability to pee, hit me and a strong stream came out of my dick and began splashing noisily on the carpet. "Insane.." I agreed.

I heard a hiss and suddenly Julie rose up a little a thick stream of pee splashing noisily on the carpet. I watched as she made a puddle on the carpet between her legs.

"Don't watch!" She laughed.

"You're watching me." I protested back.

We both peed on and on. The sound of splashing pee increasing as the carpet got wetter. I could have aimed in a different direction but I didn't.

Finally I was finished and I tucked my slightly hard dick in my pants as Julie wiped herself with a tissue she had gotten from her backpack. Julie threw the tissue on the floor and gave me a quick view of her soft hairy mound as she pulled her pants up.

"Let's get out of here!" Julie said urgently and actually ran off between the stacks.

I tried to look casual as I walked downstairs in a daze. Julie had lost me and I still needed to use the bathroom -- even after that long pee.. So I stopped at the downstairs bathroom and used it before leaving the library.

In a daze I headed for my dorm -- once more alone.. I knew it might be a little weird going back to the library after that, but I wanted to see Julie again so I would be back!

