Watersucker, Chapter 4

19th December 2012, 05:40 AM

Author: consch

Location: Toronto (Sex: Male) Posts: 23

"David, why don't you sit here?" Stacy suggested, indicating a desk in the back row of their third period class. They had walked to class together after finishing their lunch. David sat at the desk, while Stacy staked out the desk immediately to the left and Christine took the desk immediately to David's right. After the teacher handed out course outlines, Stacy and Christine each moved her desk right up against David's. David wondered what the teacher would say if and when she noticed that her students were moving the furniture, but David himself decided not to comment on it.

As the teacher began to go over the course outline, Stacy and Christine each started to caress one of David's thighs. The girls moved their hands around to the inside of David's thighs and then each began to repeatedly kiss her side of David's neck. This struck David as peculiar classroom behaviour, but the teacher didn't seem to notice, and David didn't complain, although it did make it a bit difficult for him to concentrate on what the teacher was saying.

The two girls started to nibble and lick, as well as kiss, David's neck. Every so often one or the other of the hands on David's thighs would rub over his penis before returning to whichever thigh that hand had been on. As the class went on, the girls slowly moved their mouths up David's neck and eventually started nibbling his earlobes. Then they gently licked the insides of his ears, and after that, in unison, the two girls said in a playful near-whisper, "Watersucker." David smiled. He was amazed at how well they could bring back memories with that one word, particularly now that he properly understood what it meant.

Wait.

David felt the blood drain from his face. Surely they hadn't  he looked from side to side, and the two girls had backed off a little bit and started giggling. "You can't do that to me!" he said incredulously. "I'm not "

"You're one of us now," Stacy said flirtatiously.

"Yes, but I didn't agree to "

"You got to enjoy us," Christine interrupted playfully. "Now we ... get ... to ... enjoy ... you."

Just as she finished saying this, David was hit with a MASSIVE need to pee. He immediately grabbed his penis tightly with one hand and put his other hand straight up in the air. Stacy and Christine went from giggling to laughing. When the teacher called on David, David said, just as Stacy had in the previous class, "May I go to the bathroom?"

"This course outline is important," the teacher responded. "I'll let you know when I get to a good stopping place, sometime in the next fifteen minutes or so, and you can go then. If I stop now you'll forget where we were when you get back. What's your name?"

"David."

The teacher made a note on a piece of paper on her desk, said, "All right, then," and went back to going over the course outline. David used the hand that had been up in the air to help hold his penis.

"Wow, you really weren't expecting this, were you?" Stacy noted after a few moments. "You thought you'd just keep getting free shows." She turned her attention to Christine to say, "I guess you were right, Christine," then spoke to David again. "I thought that you'd be on the alert for us playing watersucker so soon after the last time, but Christine said that it wouldn't occur to you that we might watersucker you."

Christine had indeed been correct on that point. It still struck David as poor etiquette, but then he realized that it was kind of weird to think about prank etiquette, and he wasn't exactly in the strongest moral position after not uttering a word of objection in response to the girls watersuckering each other. Still, it had seemed to David that the girls were somehow okay with being watersuckered in a way that David himself wasn't, although he couldn't really pinpoint what that way was.

"I've wanted to watersucker a boy for so long," Christine said dreamily. "What's the matter, David?" she teased. "Do you have to pee really, really bad all of a sudden? Did you forget to go before? Or did you just not notice the hot girl putting some special powder in your milk at lunch?"

And right when they had told him about the powder, too. David felt so stupid. The teacher probably thought that she was being completely reasonable asking David to wait, but she didn't know about the powder, and David was too embarrassed to tell her that he had been tricked.

"You're really cute, David," Stacy said. «But you're even cuter when you're squeezing your dick like it's about to fall out of your hand. Are you ticklish?» She started tickling David's left inner thigh, and Christine started tickling his right.

«No!» David gasped, in response to action rather than to the question, and crossed his legs tightly, both to make his inner thighs less accessible to the girls and to put more pressure on his frantically contracting penis. The girls started tickling his sides, each using both of her hands, moving erratically between mid-thigh and armpit.

Stacy brought her mouth right up to David's left ear, and Christine brought hers up to his right, and they both whispered, «psss.»

«Don't do that!» David said breathily, panting from the strain and laughing from the tickling. This was a nightmare. He had to pee worse than he could remember ever having to pee before, and he wasn't allowed to leave his seat, and these two girls, hot though they were, were being extremely intrusive with their fingers and mouths and actually enjoying, in fact enjoying greatly, his immense panic and fear of wetting his pants for the first time since early childhood, and in a classroom full of his peers. He started squeezing his penis rhythmically with his hands, tensing his thighs to the same rhythm, and rocking back and forth.

The girls once again brought their faces away from David's ears, although they continued to tickle him with all four of her hands. «Isn't this delicious, Christine?» Stacy asked, sounding as though she herself were breathing heavily, although her tone was completely relaxed. «We've actually managed to watersucker a boy, and right after meeting him too, and now he's trapped between us and we get to watch him freaking out and putting all of his effort into not peeing in his pants, and he really is squeezing his dick tightly, over and over again, with pretty much every possible other part of his body, while we tickle and play with him.»

«Delicious,» Christine agreed breathily. She looked misty-eyed and David did not think she would be able to formulate any more words for awhile. Of course, David doubted that he, himself, was capable of speech at the moment, either.

«You have to really, really, really have to pee, don't you, David?» Stacy asked. «I bet you totally hate us right now.» She did not sound as though his hatred would distress her in the slightest. In point of fact, though, David did not have room in his mind for hate. All he could think about was holding his pee until he could get to a bathroom.

«David!»

The voice came from the front of the classroom and sounded a wee bit sharp. David looked up and saw the teacher staring straight at him. «What, are you completely spacing out?» she asked, annoyed. «I've gotten to a good stopping place in the outline. You can go to the bathroom now. But be quick; we need to get through the whole outline before the end of class, and I don't want to cover any of it while you're out of the room.»

Finally! David thought. He tried to push his chair back with the one foot that was still on the ground, but then Stacy and Christine each hooked one of her feet behind one of the legs of David's chair. David uncrossed his legs so that he could push with both feet, but then Stacy and Christine each grabbed the back of David chair with one hand and a leg of her desk with the other. David removed one hand from his crotch to try to wrestle the girls' hands and feet off of his chair, but even when he was able to remove one hand or foot the girl just put it right back as soon as he tried to take off the next one.

«Well?» the teacher asked impatiently. «Are you going or not?»

«His chair is stuck,» Stacy said. David used the hand that was not squeezing his penis to flip Stacy off. Stacy stuck out her tongue at David. The latter would have been a childish gesture but for the sparkle in her eye and the huge smile on her face.

The teacher rolled her eyes, sighed, and started walking toward the back row. David tried even more frantically to extricate his chair from the girls' grip; he did not want the teacher to see him in this condition. His breathing became heavier with every step the teacher took until finally, just before the teacher got to his row, the girls suddenly removed their hands and feet from David's chair and it almost toppled as David pushed it backwards with his feet. As soon as it was clear of the girls' chairs, he got up, turned toward the door of the classroom, walked up to it, opened it, then put his free hand back in his crotch, walked to the boys' bathroom as quickly as he could, pushed the door open with his shoulder, and got to a urinal. He struggled to open his fly without letting go of his penis, and then he painstakingly took his penis out, loosened his grip, and immediately started peeing HARD.

When he got out of the bathroom, Christine and Stacy were right there in the hallway waiting for him. They both put their mouths up to his and stuck their tongues into his mouth in a three-way French kiss.

«Are you mad at us?» Christine asked cutely.

«I'm okay,» David answered, still panting from his ordeal. But did he want to keep hanging out with these girls?

