Uh oh time to move

14th May 2008, 12:25 PM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

So this evenin I was indulgine in some beeeeeer...

Those who know me know when I am drunk then I get very uninhibited and by golly this night I have drank several.

I have been viewing some of Pandora's movies tonight and then I viewed some more naughty stuff (?)

I was wearing tight white panties which Id pulled over so that my crack was out in the open and also a skirt which is modified for masturbation (has a slit up to the * in back and both pockets cut out for secret access)

I had pushed a dildo in up my hiney and for front I had another dildo caressing my clit.

Oh I went out of doors and it rained slightly and I stood in the drops, then slid my hand down the pocket and touched the dildo which poked up like a boy peenis. I "wankied" some like this, walking. I went down the alley, my hand in pocket gripping my silicon dickie, wiggling it as I walked masturbating nonchalantly. It was dark. I stopped at the stop sign and wizzled a bit seeing the puddle form under my feet. The panties diffused the flow and it ran streaming down my legs and soaked up into my VansTM

Oh Then I walked some more, slishing sort of noisily and went back up in front street and up the long stairs in the terrace front yard. I am SO turned on and sloshy, the piss cooling in the night breeze on my legs.

I pause at the stairs between the trellis overhang, and sit upon the cement stairs. The backdooor dildo is threatening at this point to pop out, but i strain to withold in. I am smoking a cigar and its 3AM in my front yard and quiet quiet quiet. The whole world around me appears to be asleep as I semipublicly pleasure secretly urinating a squirt here and there and I hear it splatter under me on the stairs...panties pulled aside and pushing the pink dildo in and out. The spray goes forward (Always a turnon to see)

So I am involved in the moment and pinch a nipple to heighten it further...

I am seated upon some chilly concrete sort of, with most of my ass overhanging toward the front and I lean back and forcefully spray forward an infuckinpressive arc which lands 5 steps infront of me, then wiggle the fake penis against my clit. I am so close to explosive piss torrent and orgasmic influsion and the world spins and my astryx relenquishes grip on the butt dildo and it squirts out of my ass, and lands on the pavement.

I spray piss out as this happens and it scracks on the pavement stairway loudly.

I am seconds away from the orgasm of the month and....

And all of a fuckin sudden I hear "ahem" a literal ahem too.

So I just fuckin sit there smokin cigar for a few minutes and try to ACT as if I'm just been sitting innocently while my heart pounds loudly and my head rushes intensely. I remove my hand from my crotch and place it on the stair handle. I can tell the direction the ahem came from and thankfully it is not from my building (as in from someone I have met and may know) and it is from nextdoor. Next door houses many, it is a 5 story apartment, and tho I know now where this person is exactly it is from one of those very nearby windows which obviously is within visual range and I then stand up (oh man) walkin away from that apartment, as the world still drunkenly spins and I about freakin nearly pass out too, but I am Not into that so I supress, and walk and try to calm, and toward my parking lot and sit on my car bumper.

I sit there smoke and breathe and as I am out of range from my nextdoor voyer which probably got more than they bargained for...

I lean back on my car (safe) ????

I think so and begin to masturbate secretly again. I am in the parking lot, and am barely moving my hand so that it rubs the dildo on my clit. I think of the dildo on the stair, the person (sounded like a female) who had seen me, it, etc drunkenly pleasuring sololy nastily in the front yard brazenly. No she'd not exit her apartment house after seeing that and I am safe to resume all.

The tight panties had wiggled back covering my backside and I urinate more through them, feeling it run down in the crack of my cheeks, and pull my skirt up in back so that my ass is planted on my cold bumper. I am so fucked up, and so embarrassed, but still my hand inside my pocketless pocket manipulates this dildo so that i again near orgasm...Embarrassed, but still turned on and hot as shit.

My dildo is against my clit and thoughts run through my head like oh what if I had done or did some insane fantasy like a front yard enema? hung it on a tree branch and with ass facin that apartment and ahem window let it all spray towards them like the ultimate nasty??? front yard enema I hope enemas are still considered watersports here as most places...watersports directed at that ahem lady who must be high and mighty to ahem at me as I masturbate intensely in the wee hours where No one should have seen at this time.

I hope sincerely no once can see me and read my dirty mind.

Or see my dirty panties, wet socks, wet skirt, piss steaked legs and splishy shoes and all but nearly exposed lubed pissypussy.

This thought of nastyness, It made me want to tour the block again and so I did. I walked around quickly in my wet pissy clothes, and came up the front stairs again and went halfway up, saw my lost dildo shining in the moonlight in front of me and I had this earthquake orgasm as I looked right at the windows in the apartment complex next door.

Did she see me?

I picked it up and went back to my doorway, pulling down my skirt all ladylike, before i entered

