Reality Pee Profiles: Christie and Bret

10th November 2010, 06:37 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

By now most of you know were Emily and Josh from Ohio. We married shortly after graduating from (separate) colleges. I guess you could call us newlyweds as our second anniversary will occure next June. Some months ago I profiled John and Marylin, another couple from our small group of friends who enjoy peeing. I dont know about others, but, whenever I meet or hear of a couple who enjoy any activity or fetish out of the mainstream I want to know more about that couple. What are they like? Are they like me? Are they weird? Are they misfits? How do they stack up in society? With that in mind sometime ago I decided I was going to share profiles of our friends who also enjoy peeing.

One additional thing - I always change names of those I write about. If you have followed my writings you may notice I may write about somebody called Chelsea and Cody. The next post may refer to this couple as Laura and Cody, or even Laura and Bill. Its just that I dont want to positively identify anyone. So, I think we could say the names are fictional, but the characters they represent are real. I'm sure you understand.

CHRISTIE AND BRET

Christie and Bret are both 29 years old. Actually Christie is 5 months older than Bret but thats really not important. Bret has worked for a heating and air conditioning company as a service technician for the past 6 years. Christie works in a real estate title office. Both have seen reduced workweeks due to the present economy, yet both have been assured their jobs are safe. They live in one of Clevelands southwest suburbs, in a well maintained "starter" home they bought soon after getting married. They are parents to a 6 year old son and a 4 year old daughter. Both belong to the United Church of Christ and attend fairly regularly. Christie drives a 4 year old Pontiac. I forgot the exact model, but its one of the full size sedans. Bret brings home his work truck so only one car is necessary in the household.

Bret and Christie enjoyed a fairly active sex life immediately after getting married. The birth of their daughter seemed to dampen things a bit. One night during a gettogether of married friends the conversation turned to the subject of 'boredom in the marriege". Everyone present seemed to be able to relate and the discussion soon turned to what it might take to inject some enthusiam back into their sex lives. The group decided to meet again the following month and continue the discussion. Both Bret and Christie felt somewhat guilty and embarrased about sharing such personal information as likes and dislikes, frequency of intercourse etc. On the drive home both agreed they wanted to meet with their friends next month hoping to discover some new activity they might try out.

They attended another gettogether of their friends, This time the conversation immediately turned to sex. Soon everyone was sharing details of their sex lives. This time as Christie was talking to the group she was not embarrased at all. Someone had brought several porno DVD's which provided much fuel for discussion throughout the evening. One couple expressed an interest in swapping, another couple wanted to attend an orgy. Another suggested they might try skinnydipping with others. The subject of BDSM came up, most decided they were afraid of this. Most couples agreed to try skinnydipping, provided they could find an appropiate place. Naturally they would have to wait for warm weather.

Two weeks later another couple who were at the party with Cheistie and Bret called and asked if they would like to attend a BDSM party. They were assured they did not have to participate other that to watch. Christie was actually more enthusiastic about attending thet Bret was, after all all they had to do was to go and watch. On the day of the party Bret was still not enthused but seeing Christies newfound enthusiam actually turned him on.

They attended the aprty, and saw things they had never read about or actually seen. They saw women hogtied, suspended, whipped and restrained. They saw men kicked in the testicles and beg for more. They saw pins being inserted in various body parts. The saw both sexes spanked till welt marks appeared. They also had an opportunity to talk to the participants after their "scenes" were finished. While talking to thise at thiew gathering Christie actually shocked Bret when she told one of the couples she was turned on by watching two guys urinate on a woman who was tued up spreadeagled on the floor. Bret was shocked beyond belief. Was this actually his Christie telling these almost strangers this? Christie and Bret had never even thought of anykind of pee play. Both had casually observed each other in the bathroom, but the business of urination was just something that was necessary and provided no passing interest.

Over the next couple fo months the mere thought of Christie being tied up spread eagled in front of others and being urinated upon raided their sex live to new heights. After much discussion they decided to let their friends know they were ready to try this at least once. As it turned out the couple who brought them to the BDSM party in the first place backed out as this "pee thing" as they called it held no interest for them They wanted to move to swinging and had met a couple willing to introduce them.

After four months of waiting, Bret and Christie finally were invited to another BDSM party. Eight couples were there as the "new girl" wanted to be tied up and peed on. Bret was beside himself, Christie was so nervous she vomited before leaving home. Those at the aprty put them at ease by telling her she could change her mind anytime she chose. They gave her a safeword to use in case she deided it was too much for her. She was nervous and told everyone she wanted to do it now, and not wait all evening. She was taken to a small room where she undressed and put on a robe. She returned and after removing the robe she was tied spreadeagled on the floor.

She was blindfolded which gave her the false sence of being totally and completely covered. Christie laid there waiting,a nd waiting, and waiting. Nothing ahppened, soon she yelled out, "do it, do it now and get it over with". A gag was placed in her mouth so she could not yell. All around her she heard others alughing and enjoying themselves, Bret was confused and asked why they were waiting. They told him the real reason, to the rest of the partygoers she was a virgin and as such it was 'his dury' to pee on her first. Bret was devistated. Finally reemembering how much Christie looked foreward to this and not wanting to disappoint her he agreed, he was instructed to get completely naked and pee on her. Getting naked was ahrd enough for him but with an erection he was unable to pee even tho he had the need to do so.

Finally another couple became involved in a fisting demonstration and Bret relaxed. Just as the fisting demonstration was about finished Bret relaxed enough to pee, He aimed for her spread vagina. When he was finished several others surprised Bret by aiming directly for Christies head and face. She was surprised by this and began to cry. After another 40 minutes or so She was untied. She cried she was so embarrased. Bret and Christie left the party and headed home, ahrdly speaking all the way. As soon as they got in the house Christie undressed and just about tore Bret's clothes off, They ahd the best sex even of their marriage, despite the fact her hair was still covered with urine.

They never did return to the BDSM group but continued to experiment with Golden Showers. Finally the following year they connected up with a group of others who also enjoyed peeing, minus the bondage aspects.

So, there you have it, Bret and Christie. They could be the couple in line ahead of you at Wallmart. Just and average couple enjoying life to the fullest.

More, next time, Emily

