All Piss Gameshow (Part 1)

9th June 2007, 06:36 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

(contains humiliation, forced gs etc.)

As the all female, under 35 audience piled into the studio they still didn't know what to expect, Allocated ticket's for what was being billed as 'cable's risque-est show', they had been told at the front desk that there were no toilets in the outer building, but that they would be able to use the toilets in the main studio...

Backstage Monica, Phoebe and Rachel looked nervous. They had been attracted by the huge fee offered just to appear on the show, but as always in these situaions, now that it came to the crunch, they were having second thoughts. The contract had been pretty catch-all, and they knew they would just have to, as Monica put it, "Go with the flow". Little did she know how appropriate that phrase was.

On stage the show's presenter checked her makeup. For Kelly Bundy, it was her big break...

Kelly bounced on stage: "Hello and welcome to Get Soaked", she said , "the show where our contestants may not be pissed off, but they'll certainly be pissed on.

We have several games, and a grand final for you, with the winner taking home a cool $10,000. Lets meet todays contestants,..Cheerleaders, bring 'em on please"

3 gorgeous young cheerleaders, one each in red, blue and yellow outfits, brought on Monica , Phoebe and Rachel.

Introductions were made and then it was time for the games to begin.

Monica was wearing a black t-shirt, and a short black skirt with white flowers on it, Phoebe had on a long flowing red dress with white dots on it, and Rachel had on tight blue jeans and white t-shirt.

"Lovely outfits" said Kelly grinning, "such a shame really...NOT" she laughed and the audience joined her, while the 3 girls looked apprehensive.

Now the first game is called : Golden Shower, but first, before this round, you have to have a nice long drink. She pointed to a table where there were 3 pint glasses full of coke. "Drink it down girls" she encouraged, and the audience hollered to a crescendo as the 3 girls downed their pints, if not in one go, then as quickly as possible.

" Great" she said and then guided them over the stage. There they could see 3 sexy girls dressed only in t-shirts, crouched over 3 long benches.

"Now" said Kelly, "One of these girls is absolutely bursting for a wee, the other two are full but ok. You have to choose a girl to lie under, we'll strap you in, and then we give the countdown and one of you will:

"Get Soaked" the audience chorused.

Rachel was given the first pick and chose the red head on the end, who was slightely plumper than her 2 companions, Phoebe picked the brown haired on the other end, and Monica , therefore, got the petit blonde in the centre.

The girls lay on the benches, and were strapped in. They waited nervously as their chosen girls positioned themselves inches above their face. They could see the pussys open above them, and the peeholes , one of which was to dispense a golden shower.

"Are you ready" chorused Kelly .

And the audience responded:" 3, 2, 1...Soak her"

The red headed girl was Carly, she was being paid $50 for her efforts, and she had to wee really badly. $50, she was thinking, and a bonus $50 if she kept going for more than 45 seconds. Carly worked at McBurgers and $100 was well over 2 days of boring backbreaking work, under the ever watchful eye of her bitch of a boss Carol. She imagined the girl beneath her was Carol, oh this was going to be fun...

For a second all 3 girls stayed dry and Rachel thought she was safe, she looked arond relieved and then suddenly she felt a warm flood cascade over her face. The jet was impressive, and the impact hard. Goden piss rained down like a pure waterfall. It ruined Rachel's immaculate make up, and her lovely shag-hair do was getting systematically destroyed too. Carly was clearly enjoying herself, and moved over Rachel to give her a nice wet t-shirt, piss soaking the thin fabric to reveal Rachel's sexy boobs. She moved back over Rachel's face, and a naughty idea struck Monica.

She tickled Rachel, whose mouth opened as she laughed. Piss poured in like a flash, Carly was skilled in her art, and Rachel swallowed the hot, salty beverage. Finally the stream became a trickle. Monia and Phoebe were still laughing hard. So much so that Monica didn't notice Rachel's hand stretch out and begin to tickle the stomach of Monica's drink-dispenser.

The girl giggled: "Stop it, or I won't be able to hold on" she laughed, but Rachel only used her other hand to push on the girl's bladder. The inevitable happened, and the girl began to wee over Monica. She looked up in shock as piss streamed down her cheeks, to see the blonde girl giggling her head off. She just had time to soak Monica's face and hair before Kelly came rushing in:

"Hold it, hold it." she said. "That wasn't very sporting Rachel, Or Monica. Monica, I'm deducting 5 points for forcing Rachel to drink, so it's 10 points to Phoebe, as the winner, 5 to Monica, and 0 to Rachel!"

The crowd roared...

The girls got up and towelled off, and then were led to another table, where they each downed a pint of orange juice. Then Kelly announced to the audience:

"Now, does anyone need the bathroom? Don't be shy. We have very luxurious facilities, i know you'll enjoy using!"

After a few seconds silence a girl of about 18 raised her hand and was brought up to the stage. She had on a pretty white dress and her hair was in pigtails. "Oh Sandy" called Kelly, "Could you come here a mo". The yellow cheerleader stepped forward and lay down resignedly on the floor. Sandy was 19, brunette with ample chest. She was getting good money for this, but at this moment would have traded it all to get out.

Eagerly, the teenager hitched up her dress, pulled down her pink panties and crouched. "What's your name?" asked Kelly

" Laura" said the girl. "Well Laura, I hope you like our bathrooms"

"They're perfect" grinned Laura. "But, I guess I'm a little nervous"

Sandy could have kissed her. "Don't worry, no-one's going to force you, if you don't want to go, you don't have to. Isn't that right kell..." she said , but no sooner had she opened her mouth than she was swallowing hot salty wee.

"gotcha " giggled Laura, and she wiggled a bit, in order to soak Sandy's face and give her time to swallow. Then she went to work on the pristine cheerleader uniform, and even on Sandy's bare legs, then generously gave Sandy a free refill of her delicious lemonade. All too soon she was finished. Piss soaked the cheerleaders unform which stuck to her legs. Laura lifted Sandy's skirt to flash Sandy's panties to the crowd who roared their approval. Monica and Rachel were laughing too.

"Come on" Phoebe encouraged the crowd, "Come and piss on her, it's fun". A woman of about 23 raised her hand. "I need a wee" she said, and came to the front. "i'd like to soak the yellow one too" she said, and Erica, the blue cheerleader and Sally, the red one, breathed a sigh of relef. Helen, the young woman , could hardly wait to unhook her white skirt and yank down her greeen knickers. She began a tremendous spray over Sandy's face and then soaked Laura's blue cheerleader knickers. "God I've always wanted to do this" she said. "Just be able to piss all over someone". And she wiggled her hips so that her pee was now cascading over Sandy's 38"" tits.

The yellow cheerleader was soaked to saturation point and her firm nipples were clearly visible. "You missed a bit" suggested Monica pointing and laughing, and Helen obliged by soaking the dry area. A little more over the face and she was finished. Wiping herself with the bottom of Sandy's top, she put her panties and jeans back on and retook her seat.

"Come on, the more the merrier." shouted Rachel

"But her clothes have already been soaked. That's been done" shouted a good looking woman in her early 30's".

"Well, we can fix that" said Monica,and while lifted Sandy's top off.

Then she pulled off her skirt.

"Shall I?" she asked, having unclipped Sandy's bra and just holding it with her fingers.

"Yeah" roared the audience and Monica let go, exposing Sandy's boobs to the world. As she grabbed to cover them, Rachel pulled down her knickers and Sandy was naked.

"That's better" said the woman, whose name was Veronica, rushing onto the stage. "Pretty sexy isn't she, but she'll look better soaked. I can't quite believe we're being allowed to do this. Can I really piss all over you?" she asked Sandy

"Well, I did sign a contract so legally yes you can. But look at me, I'm drenched already. I'm a human being for goodness sake"

"More like a human toilet" replied Veronica and sprayed hot piss over Sandy, with gay abandon. Erica and Sally tried to look sympathetic when Sandy looked at them mournfully, but they couldn't help but laugh as a shower of hot piss sprayed over her boobs and pussy.

Kelly came running over. "Okay Sandy, you go and get cleaned up" she laughed. "Now, contestants, the next game is called 'pissing contest". You've had plenty to drink and in this game you'll get points for distance and length of your piss. But you know we'd give it an added twist. When we chatted with you prior to the show, we got you all to name each other's favourite outfits...and look who we have modelling those outifts now". On came Erica and Sally, and a little later, Sandy, looking absolutley stunning.

"I think I get it" said Monica "We have to pee as far as we can and as long as we can, but without acidentally soaking our favourite outfits"

"Not quite" said Kelly "You'll be aiming at another girls's outfit, and you'll get bonus points for just how badly you can soak it"

"But, but those are our favourite outfits...you can't" wailed Monica, "I think you'll find that we have" beamed Kelly.

"Well, I won't take part...and neither will the other girls, right Phoebe, Rachel"

"For $10,000..you bet i will" said Rachel

"Yes, if you win you can buy all the new outfits you want"

"But..but this has sentimental value too" pleaded Monica but to no avail.

The friends were sat on chairs, and their targets sat on the floor some six feet away. There was really no way they could miss. Phoebe could hardly wait, and rucked up her dress till she was sat on it, and pulled her yellow panties to one side. She was aiming at Erica who was wearing Rachels's favourite outfit which turned out to be a soft white cashmere jumper, and a plaid checked tartan-feel skirt. Rachel, sat next to Phoebe, could only watch as Phoebe unleashed a forceful jet of hot piss which immediately began soaking her lovely sweater. Once it was suitably ruined she turned her attention to the skirt, while Erica quikly removed the sweater revealing a sexy pink bra. "They're a bit close to us" said rachel "we can hardly miss, we'll all end up soaking the outfits"

"I'm sooo sorry" said kelly with mock sincerity, "how can that have happened"

"Right then" said Rachel, peeling off her sexy jeans, and pulling her white cotton panites to one side. Her 'target' was Sandy who was wearing Monica's outfit, a beautiful black top with a silver pattern at the bottom, and a long flowing red skirt. "No rachel please don't" begged Monica "Don't what?" asked Rachel innocently "Don't" began Monica and then stopped as she saw the yellow arc of Rachels piss stream spray unwaveringly over her beautiful favourite top "Okay, so this is war" said Monica.

She got off her chair and went and stood next to Phoebe.

"You get her bra" said Phoebe. "I'm soaking her skirt". Monica carefully unhooked her skirt and placed it carefully out of harms way, and then slipped off her blue knickers and folded them and placed them on top of her skirt. "Oh come on" yelled Rachel "your target is Phoebe's outfit, but Monica paid no need and began to ruin the expensive bra with a hot jet of yellow wee. Erica unclipped Rachel's skirt and slid it to the ground "Quick, soak her panties, soak her panties" she yelled. Phoebe masterfully redirected her stream, not at the panties, but straight into Erica's mouth "oops, missed" she deadpanned. Monica, however, made sure Rachel's pretty pink knickers were utterly soaked with hot piss. Finally both girls streams were drying to a trickle.

Rachel, meanwhile had ruined the black top, and was giving the red dress a thorough soaking. Sandy removed both garments and Rachel used her remaining stream on Monica's deep green bra. After this, however, her stream slowed to a trickle and she could not reach Monica's knickers which remained pristine. "Oh thank God for that" said monica "at least i can salvage something from this disaster"

"oh Monica" said Sandy "I remember a certain contestant who stripped me in front of the entire audience here. What goes around, comes around. Speaking of which, those cocktails I drank to relax me efore the show are about ready to come around, and I really can't face the hassle of walking all the way to a toilet, taking off my paties etc"

"No" begged monica "she can't do that, surely there's some rule against it". For a second everyone looked at kelly. To Sandy's delight Kelly said "There's nothing in the rules about it. I'd love to be able to stop this, but there's nothing I can do". Barely had she finished the words, and there was an audible hiss as Sandy released her hot wee and soaked monica's lovely deep green undies.

The crowd roared their approval and kelly came running in. "Okay, not that anyone really cares but Monica you had the longest and most impressive piss, so you get 10 points, but nothing for hitting your target, as you got the wrong target. Rachel, you get 5 for your wee, and 10 for ruining Monicas clothes. Phoebe, you got 5 for your piss, and a bonus 20 for soaking all Rachel's clothes (even though you had help). You did, however, piss in Erica's mouth.." Phoebe breathed in, would all her points be taken away? "so we've given you 5 more points"

"Right" beamed Kelly, "it's onto the next round, where we'll.."

"Hold on, Hold on" yelled Rachel "Surely the audience deserve a bathroom break". Erica and Sally took a step back.

"Hang on " said Sally, "kelly is hosting the show. don't tell her what to do".

"NO, it's a fair point" said Kelly, "but some of our bathrooms need cleaning after the last round. I was going to wait till they were all clean, but this will work too. Erica and Sandy, go and have a nice hot shower. Sally, you'll be getting a kind of shower too, a golden shower"

"You're presuming that someone will come and pee on me" she said "I have more faith in this audience. My name is Sally, I'm 19 years old. I come from a poor family living in a trailer park and have had to work for everything that I've achieved. It would have been so easy to end up doing drugs or turning tricks to work my way through college, but I wasn't going to go that route. I agreed to do this show because the money will help me get through college and make something of myself, not because I'm some kind of ho. I am the living embodiment of the American dream, and I appeal to your good natures. Don't punish me for that, leave me, at least, my dignity"

There was a moment of silence, and then a wave of applause swept the auditorium. When it subsided Kelly asked: "So no-one want to use the bathroom". A pause and then a lone voice could be heard saying "I was really moved by your speech, but I can't hold it, I'll wet my panties if I don't go now". It was a sexy blonde teenager. The brunette next to her said "well, maybe wetting your panties wouldn't be so bad. It would allow this brave woman to keep her dignity". "Okay.." said the blonde "but if you remember I actually borrowed a pair of your panties this morning. Are you still okay for me to soak them?"

"Screw that" said her friend "go and use the bathroom then, my lovely panties are more important than keeping some bitch dry"

And with that the spell was broken. The audience laughed and then applauded as the girl, who was maybe 19, came up to the stage. She had blonde hair, and wore a t-shirt with teddys on it, and a short white skirt.

"What's your name?" said Kelly

"Kimmi"

"and you must need the bathroom real bad..."

"Kinda. But also someone had to shut that girl up. She was boring"

"and how do you plan to shut her up"

"By using her mouth as a toilet" beamed Kimmi.

Resignedly Sally, lay down on the ground. Her red cheerleader skirt riding up so as to give the audience a lovely upskirt view of her red cheerleader panties

Kimmi hitched up her skirt, pulled her pink panties to one side and began to piss in Sally's mouth. Sally had no choice but to swallow and swallow fast as it became clear that Kimmi would not be wasting a drop of her golden rain anywhere else. With the great muscle control of her young age she was able to pause when Sally could not keep up and wee was in danger of flowing out of her mouth and being wasted. She may not have been desperate but she clearly had an impressive bladder as she gave Sally a fair few mouthfuls of hot piss before her stream slowed to a trickle.

"Now she looks more like the trailer trash she is" yelled someone from the audience. "I'm a college student too, but my Daddy is paying for all my fees, and I get a new car and a $1000 Bloomingdale's account". She ran onto the stage "and now I get my own private bathroom and get to piss all over you. Life sucks sometimes, don't it".

The eager teenager was dressed in tight blue jeans and a grey t-shirt. She had medium lengh brown hair, and, when Kelly asked, she revealed her name was Nikki. Nikki gently wiggled her way out of her jeans, carefully placing them at the side of the stage, well out of danger. She was wearing a black thong. Squatting low over Sally, she carefully moved the thong to one side...

