The Start of Tina's Career: Mary's Story

10th March 2011, 12:32 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Mary Bailey couldn't wait for the day to get started. Allowing Tom to shoot his latest video at the house she shared with her husband George had been a wonderful idea. Watching all of these young girls wetting themselves had been an incredible experience for her, leading to some of the hottest, wettest sex she had experienced with George in years. In a few hours the girls would be arriving for day two of the shoot.

Mary had carried a crush for George ever since she was a little girl. It was not until her senior prom, however, that the two of them finally started dating. George's younger brother, Harry, was in the same year of school as Mary; George was two years older. Harry was on the planning committee for the prom, and George had shown up to help his little brother set up. He had only intended to stay for a few minutes.

Mary's older brother, Marty, had thrown a wrench in George's plan. One of George's friends, Marty had asked George to have one dance with his little sister. George had begrudgingly obliged, not aware of how much of a looker Mary had become. When George found Mary, he fell as head over heels in love with her as she had been with him, and they danced the rest of the night together, much to the chagrin of Mary's date.

An incident that occurred after the prom had changed their lives forever - well, at least their sex lives. Mary didn't have her car, as she had come with her now abandoned date, and George had left his car for Harry. They decided to walk home together. Mary had been so thrilled to spend even more time with George that she had forgotten to use the bathroom before they had left. This had become a huge problem as they walked home, and, eventually, every step she took was torture, as it put pressure on her overly full bladder. Finally it came to a point where she couldn't take it anymore.

«George, this is so embarrassing, but I really have to pee. Would you mind keeping a lookout as I go behind that bush?»

Much to his surprise, George was kind of turned on by the idea. «Hey, look, it's something we all have to do, no reason to be so embarrassed about it. Go ahead, I'll watch out for you.»

Mary thanked him for his kindness, went behind a bush in the lawn of a house they were walking past, pulled up her prom dress, pulled aside her panties

, and squatted. She relaxed, and a few seconds later a strong stream of pee emerged, accompanied by a loud hiss.

George heard the hissing and found the sound to be hot and sexy. He immediately became hard as rock. Now it was his turn to be embarrassed, as he knew that Mary would be finished soon, and he would look like a perv standing there with a tent in his pants. To make matters worse, he was fighting against the very strong temptation to turn around and look at her while she pissed. Figuring that he probably wouldn't get caught if he just took a quick look, George turned his head toward Mary.

Mary couldn't believe that she was enjoying this situation, but she was. The act of pissing outdoors, on someone else's lawn, had to be the naughtiest thing she had ever done, and it was really turning her on. She would have to hide her excitement from George, otherwise what would he think of her? Mary quickly grew increasingly worried until she looked up and saw George staring at her pussy and the stream of piss emerging from it, mouth agape. In fact, he was so fixated on staring at her pussy that he did not notice that she was now looking up at him. A quick glance down informed her as to how much he liked watching her piss, as the bulge in his pants was quite obvious.

«Are you enjoying the show?» she asked, almost in a giggle.

«Oh fuck!» thought George, ashamed that he was watching her piss, and embarrassed that he had got caught. «Hey, uh, look, uh, Mary,» he stammered, «I'm so sorry, I, uh »

Mary just laughed. The fact that George had been as turned on as she was came as a relief. She pulled her panties back over her pussy, the wet spot formed by the latent drops of piss being absorbed by her panties serving as a reminder of the naughty thing she had just done. She then stood up. «Don't worry about it, George,» she said, in a consoling voice. «It's alright, as long as I get to see you piss too.»

George was shocked. He had thought Mary would be upset at him, instead she seemed to be enjoying this. «Do you really want to see me piss?» he asked.

«Hey, it's only fair. You were watching me, now it's my turn to watch you. Come on, surely you have to go, too. Let's have a look.»

The shock of getting caught had caused George's dick to go flaccid, and, given the fact that he had consumed a lot of punch at the prom, peeing would not be a problem. He looked around the street, making sure no one was around, paying especially close attention to the house they were standing in front of, its dark windows indicating that the owners were not home. He then unzipped, pulled out his dick, and aimed it at the bush Mary had just hidden behind.

Mary couldn't believe he was actually going to do it, and looked on with anticipation as he pulled out his dick. She gasped when a strong stream of piss flew out of it, soaking some leaves on the plant. «Holy shit!» she exclaimed, «that's the horniest thing I have ever seen! Do you mind if I take control?»

Mary just seemed to be full of more and more surprises. «Be my guest,» said George, shocked at what was happening. Mary replaced his hand with hers, and started aiming his dick at different parts of the bush, giggling as she did so. George's dick had started to stiffen, but not so much that it cut off his stream. It soon began to wane, and then he started to push out the last couple of spurts.

Mary had figured that he was done, and had let go of his dick, just as he had pushed out one last spurt. It had hit her hand, covering a couple of fingers with his piss. «Oh, god, I'm sorry Mary. Here, you can wipe it on my shirt if you want to.»

Mary reached up to wipe her hand on his shirt, but then had another idea. Curious, she instead placed them into her mouth, tasting the salty drops of his piss. For not the first time that night, George looked at her in shock. «Oh, shit,» she thought to herself, «I've fucked this thing up. He must thing I'm pretty sick right now.»

George found it to be the horniest thing that he had ever seen. It was now his turn to surprise. «Hey, no fair, I didn't get to taste yours.»

Mary looked shocked, then pleased, at what George had said. She reached a couple of fingers into her damp panties

, then pulled them out, and inserted them into George's mouth. «You're right, fair's fair,» she giggled.

George eagerly sucked her fingers, then suggested they hurry to his house. Upon entering, he grabbed Mary, and planted a deep, passionate kiss on her lips. She held him tight as they kissed, and the growing bulge from his groin told her how much he was enjoying this.

One of the first things George had noticed about Mary, after her beautiful face and pretty smile, was her nice firm tits. He had spent much of the dance thinking of them, and enjoyed the way they felt as he held her tight while they slow danced together. Normally he would have moved down from her mouth to breasts, kissing every inch until he reached her nipples. Their activity at the bush, however, had made him anxious to get her pussy, which he knew was still damp with her piss.

He picked her up and laid her on the bed, pulled up her dress, and moved his face to her pussy. He could still see the damp patch on her panties

, and took a sniff, enjoying the aroma of her piss. He then pulled off her panties

, and immediately attacked her pussy with his tongue.

Mary had never had a guy go down on her like that. She hadn't had sex with many guys, but each of them was the same: they would eat her pussy as if it was some kind of duty they had to perform. She could tell that they didn't really enjoy it, and wanted to get on to other things.

With George, right then, it was different. He was enjoying the salty, tangy taste of her wet pussy, and was licking it with passion. This was a major turn on for Mary, and she exploded in the strongest orgasm she had ever felt, screaming and writhing as she did so.

George loved the effect his tongue was having on Mary, and continue to lick her as her body convulsed in orgasm, tasting her juices as she did so. It took a while for her to come off of her orgasm.

With past boyfriends, Mary would require a quick face wash and a rinse after they had eaten her, the thought of tasting the juices from her own pussy was di**usting to her. On this night, however, she didn't care. As soon as she came off of her orgasm she grabbed George and pulled him up the bed towards her, tasting her juices as she passionately kissed him. She was unbuckling his belt as she did so, anxious to repay him for his oral favor.

Her mouth and tongue attacked his dick with the same ferocity that he had attacked her pussy. She was licking up and down his shaft, and also taking him as deep into her throat as she could, sucking and slurping on his rock hard cock.

«Oh god, Mary, you had better stop. I'm going to cum. Oh god, watch out Mary, I'm cumming.»

Mary had never once considered swallowing the cum of any of her boyfriends, but now there was no way she was not going to swallow George's. She felt his dick spasm, and then a big load of cum spurting out into her throat. She continued to suck him, milking the rest of his cum from his cock, eagerly swallowing his load.

George collapsed down on the bed after he was finished. He pulled Mary to him, and kissed her again. He then made sure to kiss his way to her tits, slowly moving from her lips, down her neck, to the top of her cleavage, and, as he unbuttoned the buttons on the top of her dress, down to her tits and to her nipples. As his mouth and tongue worked on her tits, his hand wandered down to her pussy, and he began to finger her.

Mary was still so turned on that it didn't take long for her to come again. George's mouth continued to work on her tits, and his hand on her pussy, as she did so.

«Mary, I have to piss again,» George told her as she came off of her second orgasm of the night. «Do you want to help me?» he asked with a grin. He then got up to go pee.

«Hold on, George,» she replied and she grabbed him. «Are you sure you want to waste it in the toilet?»

She knelt down in front of him and grabbed his dick. She pointed it at her tits, which were still protruding out of her unbuttoned dress. George laughed. «Aren't you just full of surprises tonight?»

He relaxed, and a strong stream of piss erupted from his dick. Mary aimed it at each of her tits, rubbing it into them with her free hand. If she had stopped to think she probably wouldn't have done this, at least not with her dress on, as it would be hard to explain the stain to the dry cleaners. At the time, however, she didn't care, reveling in the feeling of his hot piss hitting her nipples, washing over her tits, and soaking her dress.

All too soon, at least for Mary, his stream stopped. She got up and pushed him back down on the bed. She got on top of him and grabbed his dick, but it still hadn't fully recovered for the blow job she had given him. Still holding his dick, she hovered her pussy over it and began piss, rubbing his cock as she did so.

«Holy fuck that feels good!» George exclaimed, as his dick soon returned to full attention. As soon as it was hard again, Mary stopped pissing, mounted his dick, and started to ride him. He started to play with her piss soaked tits as she did, loving this naughtiness of the situation, and of the girl he was currently fucking.

George started to thrust up as she grinded on him, and the sensation caused Mary to have yet another orgasm. She released control of her bladder as she came, releasing a strong jet of piss that soaked George as she continued to ride him. This was too much for George, and several strong spurts of cum exploded into her pussy. Afterwards they lay down holding each other in their piss soaked clothes, on the piss soaked bed. It was easily the most wild, passionate, erotic night of sex that either of them had ever enjoyed.

That night had been almost thirty years ago. Mary, though now in her late 40s, was still something of a looker. She had kept herself in shape, and could probably still fit into that prom dress. George's hair had started to gray, but he was still that tall, thin, kind, sexy man that she had fallen in love with.

Over the years the two of them had enjoyed their experiments in watersports. Peeing in a strangers' yard had lead to peeing in even naughtier places. They continued to shower each other, and started drinking from one another. Wetting soon became a favorite for them, either by themselves, while the other one was watching, or while on top of each other.

The two of them had become obsessed with pissing porn. It had been hard to come by at first. They had found a few Annie Sprinkle videos, and then some European videos by Color Climax, but it wasn't easy to find. The advent of the internet had changed all that. Pissing porn became more readily available, and the two of them had purchased and downloaded countless amounts of it.

It was the watching of pissing porn that lead Mary to discover that she was bisexual. She enjoyed watching women pee at least as much as she did men, and often fantasized about receiving a shower from a woman, and licking her pussy clean right afterwards. George shared this fantasy about adding a woman into their bedroom, and, through some adult internet classifieds, had managed to set up a threesome on a couple of occasions. The results were electric.

That had been some time ago, however, and, as with all long term relationships, while the love was still there, some of the spark had been lost. That was until they found some videos from Wet Pants Productions on the computer. While most of the wetting scenes in the videos took place indoors, there were some that were shot outdoors. She and George had recognized the scenery in some of these shots, realizing that these films were made locally. It had been George that had come up with the idea of offering their home for the next shoot. After a few emails Tom had come over to meet them and look over the house, and decided that it would be perfect for his next shoot.

Next: Mary's perspective of day one of the shoot.

