Denise Wakes Up

23rd April 2013, 05:04 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Denise sat up in bed as she felt warmth along her back. She wondered for a moment if she had wet the bed. It would be the first time since childhood she had wet in her sleep. She rolled over on her back and inspected her clothes. The back of her gown was soaked, but the crotch of her panties were still dry. A soft hissing turned her attention to Starla. Even in the dimness of the room, she could tell her friend was peeing softly into her panties, soaking the sheets and mattress even more.

A nagging in Denise's stomach reminded her of her own need to pee as she watched Starla's flow subside to a trickle. She removed the covers and sat up, considering her options. It would be much easier to just lay back down and join Starla in soaking the bed. But as her new boldness and naughtiness took over, Denise thought. The carpet in Starla's room was dark brown. Surely, it would conceal a wet stain, especially if she chose the perfect spot.

Denise stood up and looked around the room. In her grogginess, she slipped her panties off, but had trouble staying on her feet and she sat down on the floor next to the bed. This motion sent a spasm through her bladder and she gasped as she felt a small spurt escape. The two second warmth at her crotch gave her chills, almost making her lose control. She held on, though, as she continued to weigh her options.

What if she just lay here on the floor and peed. If she aimed her flow just right, she could pee under the bed and no one would notice. In the bed above her, Starla mumbled something like, "Just pee right here." Denise wondered what her friend could be dreaming about. Another hissing sound convinced her that it didn't matter. Starla was enjoying herself.

Denise rolled over on her left side and peered under the bed. It was a pretty high bed, so there was a lot of space between the railing and the floor. In spite of her habits, Starla kept her room neat. There seemed to be nothing under the bed except empty space. This encouraged Denise as she rolled over on her stomach and scooted as far as she could under the bed. She relaxed in this position and enjoyed the feel of the carpet fibers against her bare crotch. The pressure on her stomach was too much, though, and she closed her eyes and let go.

Denise could not stifle a gasp as the warmth of her flow immediately enveloped her crotch. Oh, that feels so good. It sprayed out of her with a forceful hiss as her urine splashed against her thighs and soaked the carpet. She knew this would not be the last time she would be soaking a carpet this way. The release was so relaxing that Denise worried she might fall asleep right there under the bed. Reluctantly, she cut off her flow and climbed out from under the bed.

Starla had rolled over and was snoring now. The blanket around her crotch had turned dark from her pee. Leaving her panties on the floor, Denise lifted the covers and crawled back into bed. The coldness of the wet sheets made her wince. Time to warm us back up, she thought. She snuggled close to Starla, closed her eyes, and released the hold on her bladder. Her pee hissed loudly, warming her crotch and legs and adding to the wetness of the already soaked mattress.

It didn't take her long to fall back to sleep.

