Strange Party (Fiction)(Revised, even worse!, version

30th November 2007, 03:41 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I realized that if I wanted to I could do a little more character development and have "Mark" experience further adventures with the characters he meets at the party -- like Sir Lance and Trisha. So I wrote this "even worse" version.

###

STRANGE PARTY

John and Janes stone house sat high atop the hillside and looked very much like a gothic castle. I couldn't help but be impressed by the formal gardens surrounding it, or even the fine stonework in the large formal circular drive that led you past the entrance. Nervously I approached the massive wooden doors and rang the bell.

The door opened and Jane greeted me. "Well hello Mark! Welcome! You're the first guest to arrive." Jane wore a bathrobe with a towel wrapped around her blonde hair. Apparently she'd just showered. "We didn't expect anybody so soon." she explained.

I struggled slightly to fight the urge to check out her young voluptuous body under the bathrobe. She was Johns girlfriend after all. But she did have beautiful full round hips...

Maybe I just wasn't getting out enough? When I was in my early teens I'd masterbated frequently but then I met Julie in college and we had a very satisfying relationship for three years. Since then I had decided that I wouldn't masterbate but instead only have sex with girls. Sometimes I would go weeks without finding a "girlfriend" to hook up with, and recently I'd gone several months. I could feel myself going hard just talking to Jane.

"Well come on in and see our place." Jane encouraged.

Their house was like a small castle. Large windows gave sweeping views of the valley, and some of the walls were paneled with fine cherrywood. Large chandeliers hung from the vaulted ceilings, and the expasive front room had the deepest plushest white carpeting that I'd ever seen. The furniture was upholstered with light colored cloth rather than leather but it looked to be very well made -- very large and comfortable -- and very bright and airy.

I noticed a very pretty brunette, perhaps in her early twenties, dusting and getting things ready. She wore a highly erotic blue french maids uniform that showed off her young full hips, tiny waist, breasts, and legs.

"Wow, you've even got a beautiful full time maid. Does Jane mind?" I asked John.

"Not at all.." John gazed over at her. "Actually.. Patricia's our submissive. You could say that Jane and I live a very different "alternative" sort of lifestyle. Some of the other guests will be bringing their subs too."

John noticed the shocked look on my face. He smiled with amusement "Feel free to use her as you like."

Immediately I felt myself growing hard and I watched Patricia work breathlessly. Her breasts weren't huge but her nipples were erect and showed clearly through her blouse. Apparently she wasn't wearing a bra.

The doorbell rang and John went to answer it. I wondered, did John really mean that I could have sex with Wendy?!

"Mark," John called from the entrance hall. "Come meet Sir Lance and his pet Trisha."

Sir Lance, or simply "Lance" as he called himself, wore an elegant black suit. His "pet", Trisha, wore a tight black skirt complete with black pantihose and spikey black heels. She had dyed black hair, dark makeup around her eyes, and she looked very goth. Especially with the collar around her neck attached to the leash that Sir Lance held.

I shook Sir Lances outstretched hand and I felt Trisha's hands rubbing me, feeling me.

"You may pet Trisha if you like." Lance offered.

"Yes, she's a very good girl." John said running a hand softly through her hair than rubbing her breasts with both hands. Trisha's nipples were also erect, but perhaps because of Johns touch? Her knees were squeezed together, and I'm sure that if they hadn't been that Johns hands would have been down there too.

I just stood there, my penis bulging painfully, noticeably, under my slacks, frozen, unable to think. Trisha stared at my crotch and I turned slightly trying to hide my arousal.

"Well, come on in and sit down." John encouraged.

Sir Lance gave a tug at Trishas chain and they followed.

"I'm always impressed by your place." Sir Lance commented looking around the room and out the window.

But my attention was on Trisha's hands under her skirt. She was pulling down her panties! Sir Lance and John glanced at her than went back to talking.

Trisha looked over at me, smirked, and then she squatted. My god! Was she really going to take a pee right on that thick beautiful carpet? Right in the middle of the front room?

I heard a hissing sound and saw a thick stream erupt between her legs and start to splash noisily onto the carpet. I watched in rapt amazement. It was the strangest perversest thrill. Finally she finished, shook herself off slightly, then stood back up and pulled up her panties.

"Bad pet! Bad bad pet!" Lance grinned "Now John will have to punish you."

Trisha just bit her tongue and smirked devilishly.

Patricia appeared from the kitchen carrying a tray with coffee and chocolates on it. "Would anybody like something to drink, to eat?". Patricia set the tray down on the coffee table and I helped myself to a coffee and a chocolate.

"Come on out on the back terrace and see that ficus you gave me." John encouraged Sir Lance. I would have followed but my hard-on was becoming a little embarrassing and I figure that if I sat down I might appear a little more "normal" before the other guests arrived.

Patricia appeared with a vacuum cleaner and began vacuuming the wet spot on the carpet. As she did so she bent over so that I could see her white lacy panties covering her exquisite womanly rear. Back and forth she went...

I took a deep breath. It was wrong.. I shouldn't do it.. God what a thrill it would be...

Slowly I was up.. My slacks bulging ridiculously. Slowly I made my way towards Patricia.. Her womanly hips were right in front of me! It almost hurt now... Carefully.. very carefully I began to unzip.. Hurrying a little now I undid my belt and popped the top button! I pulled down and I was freee! My engorged penis huge and pointing towards Patricia's rear -- which moved towards me than away. I reached for her!!

"Ohhh.." Patricia jumped as I touched her shoulders, but she seemed to fight the urge to look back at me and she continued vacuuming. I slid my hands down onto her breasts and I could feel her heart beating madly -- like my own. I tried to unbutton her top button, but I just pulled it off. The hell with this! I thought to myself in my haste, and realized that I had just popped more buttons and ripped the top of her blouse open. Still, Patricia continued vacuuming.

"Huhhh.." Patricia gasped as my fingers, inside her blouse, found her hard nipples. They seemed to grow harder, and my penis became harder as well

"Ahh.. Ahhh.. Ahhhh!" Patricia tipped her head back, when my exploring fingertips found their way into her panties and found her clitoris. She staggered with the vacuum cleaner, then leaned back on me as I tore the waistband on her panties. I continued to brush her clitoris lightly with my fingertips making Patricia shiver hard and her vagina wetten.

"Ohh..uhhh!" Patricia fell forward as I pushed my penis forcefully into her pussy. I pushed and pulled with such lust that she stumbled with the vacuum. But she kept on vacuuming... It was incredibly intense. I fondled her breasts, and even touched her clit as I fucked her. But amazingly she kept of vacuuming!

It finally culminated in an amazingly intense mind blowing guilty fuck that caused Patricia to burst into a fit of giggles and left me collapsed heavily on her trembling heart beating body.. Finally, coming to my senses, I glanced around the room checking to make sure that we were still alone, then I slid out of her and gave her a soft kiss on the cheek before zipping myself back up. Patricia's blouse was torn open on the top. Her ripped and destroyed panties lay on the floor. I couldn't fight the fear that John might not like what I'd just done and that I hadn't really understood him when he'd offered Patricia to me.

Nervously, perhaps hoping the Patricia might go and change in my absence, I headed out to the balcony where Sir Lance and Trisha sat.

"John ran to get some stuff. He should be back anytime." Sir Lance explained.

My mind went a little wild. Had John seen me? Had I been so into it that I hadn't noticed him?!!! I tried to act casual.

"Are those chocolates and coffee in there, any good?" Sir Lance asked. Trisha just stared at my crotch.

"Yes..yes they're quite good." I nodded emphatically.

Sir Lance leaned close to me and whispered in my ear "Trisha's also got a super sensitive clit and nipples -- just like Patricia"

"Yeah, and their names are similar." I said, trying to say something clever.

"I suppose they are.." Sir Lance crinkled his eyebrows. "Would you like a chocolate and a coffee my pet?" Sir Lance asked Trisha. Trisha just nodded.

We'd just barely sat down on the couch when I heard the front door unlatch. My heart nearly stopped. John entered the room carrying two large bags of groceries.

"I decided to pick up a few more things." John explained. Tom set the groceries down on the coffee table and motioned to Patricia. She headed for the groceries, but he shock his head. She nodded knowingly.

John headed towards Patricia. "It ended up taking me longer than I thought it would". He unzipped his pants and pulled out his penis urgently.

"Sure.. um... that's okay" I nodded nervously.

Patricia got down on her knees, opened her mouth with a look of determination and leaned towards John's penis

"Well some of the other guest should be arriving soon. I think you'll enjoy this party," John winked at me " I think you'll find it different."

I watched in amazement as a powerful jet of pee went into Patricia's open mouth. She choked and gagged slightly, then she started gulping. John moved closer and slid the tip of his penis into her mouth as he continued peeing powerfully. Wendy struggling noticeably to keep from gagging then seemed to find a comfortable drinking rhythm.

"That coffee's not bad." John looked at the coffee on the table. "But there's beer in the fridge if you'd prefer that."

I could only watch and nod my head in mute agreement.

John shook his penis off on Patricia and she dried it with her skirt.

"Do you need to use Patricia?" John asked nonchalantly.

"Oh no, I'm fine." Sir Lance nodded

"Umm.. uh.. no thanks.." I managed

"Well than how about a beer?"

"Sounds great." Sir Lance agreed.

We followed John into his impressive kitchen. He had a refrigerators JUST for beer! I selected a sweet dark beer, from the dark beer refrigerator, and the others chose lagers. The beer helped calm my nerves.

"Sounds like some of the guests are arriving." John remarked listening to the sounds of Jane greeting people at the front door. The sounds of lively music came from the front room.

I quickly downed two more beers then John suggested that we go meet the other guests.

I entered the front room to see two men peeing in Patricia's mouth at the same time, somehow she was swallowing it without spilling very much onto the carpet. Both of the men had hard-ons and seemed very aroused by the act.

A small crowd of men and women talking excitedly watched with amusement.

"Do any other men need to use Patricia?" Jane asked.

Patricia started to stand back up but one of the men who'd just finished peeing pushed her back down and began fucking her roughly doggy style.

"I could use a pee." A newcomer announced. He got in front of Patricia, undid his zipper, and peed right into her mouth as she was being fucked.

I felt a little relief when both men finally finished with Patricia.

"Robert, do you need to use Patricia?" Jane asked a man who'd just come in with his wife and was busy undoing his zipper

"Oh no that's okay." he gestured to his sub. "Tabitha and never use the toilet when we have to pee." He pulled out his rather large penis out, aimed it randomly into the middle of the livingroom and began peeing powerfully on the carpet.

Tabitha hurried over to the coffee table unzipped frantically, pulled her beige slacks and panties down, sat on the edge of the coffee table and let loose with a huge stream of piss right onto the carpet. "Oh my god. I almost wet my pants!" she laughed.

"What would be wrong with that?" Another woman smirked. She wore soaking wet pee stained white slacks.

"Hi I'm Sara.." A brunette, probably in her early twenties, with a very nice body approached me.

"I'm Mark." I held out my hand.

"Mark.." Sara grinned and bit her lip. "I've been a very naughty girl. Will you spank me, please?" She turned around, and bent over.

I was speechless.

Sara turned back to me with a slightly disappointed look "I see that there's coffee, but I'd really love a beer."

"There's beer in the refrigerator in the kitchen." I volunteered, getting a little more nerve. "Here, I'll take you there."

She followed me into the kitchen and I led her to the refrigerator but she didn't seem very interested in the beer.

"Are you sure that you don't want to spank me?" Sara asked pulling her pants and panties down and exposing her beautiful shapely rear, and then bending over and exposing her pussy.

"I uh.." I stammered feeling myself involuntarily growing hard as a rock.

Sara turned back around, looked at my crotch and grinned devilishly. "You can spank me afterwards, if you like." She turned back around and dropped her pants and panties all the way to the floor, leaned on the counter, and began fingering herself madly

The kitchen was empty. It was just the two of us! I fumbled a little but had my pants down quickly anyway. Taking a deep breath I moved into position behind her, set one hand on her back for balance and holding my engorged penis with the other I penetrated her wonderful wet pussy. My hands found their way under her sweater to her large firm breasts, and I caressed her hard nipples as we began fucking slowly. Sara started pushing and squeezing harder and I picked up the pace in rhythm with her pumping vigorously now.

"I see you're getting to know the other guests." John entered the kitchen. I literally jumped but continued fucking Sara unsure of what I should do.

"Good!" John commented. He had Trisha by her leash and he led her over to counter not far from us and hooked her leash around a knob.

Trisha turned and assumed a position similar to Sara's. I noticed that John had a hard-on.

"I think you'll find that we're a very sexual group." John continued. "Yes very sexual." He said carefully pulling Trisha's panties down. Then he unzipped himself and began very roughly fucking Trisha. They fucked loudly like animals. Strangely it turned me on two and soon I felt Sara beginning to tremble and I closed my eyes enjoying the second intoxicating orgasm of the evening. Soon I heard John and Trisha gasping and moaning.

I slid my penis out of Sara's pussy and she turned around and we cuddled and kissed. "I'm ready for that beer and the spanking now if you'd like." Sara grinned. She kicked her panties and pants off into a corner and headed for the refrigerator. I joined her and we both selected lite beer.

"Sounds like all of the fun's in here!" I heard a mans voice and a group of men entered the kitchen.

"Indeed it is." John exclaimed wiping himself off with a towel.

"Would you like to spank me!" Sara giggled. She reassumed her position at the counter.

"Aaaahhhh.." Trisha squealed loudly. Another man was on her fucking her vigorously from behind like John had just done, and a small line of men was forming behind them.

"I..uh..I think I'll go and get an horderve." I excused myself heading back towards the front room. "We're seating people in the diningroom now." Patricia motioned to me and then seemed to notice my reluctance. "Do you need to pee?"

"Oh no thanks." I said with a shake of my head.

Patricia led me to the diningroom and seated me next to a couple beautiful naked women named Jules and Debra. Jules had a large dildo that she masterbated with as she sat at the table. The dinner was just a small serving of filet mignon cooked to perfection and a small artistic serving of vegetables and salad. I gobbled it down quickly, and finished off the small desert in a hurry.

"Have you ever played BDSM poker before?" Debra asked me.

"No.."

"Well it's a bit like strip poker, only more intense."

"Uh yeah.." I responded half heartedly my mind consumed by my sudden urge to pee. "Excuse me for a minute.."

I headed out of the diningroom sure that the bathroom wouldn't be too hard to find.

"What are you looking for?" A man asked me.

"I've really got to pee. Where's the bathroom?"

"In there." he pointed at the kitchen door.

It suddenly dawned on me that there must be a small bathroom off of the kitchen. Really that made sense, and a powder room was all that I needed.

I entered the kitchen and hurried past Patricia who was at work, on a large table in the center of the kitchen, arranging drinks on a tray. I hurried towards the peninsula that separated the kitchen, from the breakfast table -- which was larger than most peoples diningroom. Urgently I opened a door on my right.. and found myself looking into a pantry.. Beyond the breakfast table was a huge sliding glass door that opened onto a balcony with an outdoor breakfast table and eating area. I was starting to feel positively desperate.

Hastily glancing around the room I noticed somebody crouched between the breakfast table and the beautiful cherrywood china cabinet on the far wall. I couldn't resist checking it out..

"Hi" said a suprisingly sweet sounding female voice. I saw that it was naked Trisha squatting and peeing on the floor, while she crudely carved her initials into the side of the china cabinet, with a large kitchen knife.

Trisha stood up dripping with pee, smiled at me, then admired her work. "Done!" she proclaimed, stabbing the knife into the top of the breakfast table. Trisha opened the cabinets upper glass doors and grabbed two crystal wine glasses in one hand, and two in the other.

"Let's get some wine." Trisha suggested.

I followed Trisha around the table to the peninsula where she hopped up and sat on the edge of the counter facing Patricia. "Is this wine any good?" Trisha asked holding up a half empty bottle.

Patricia just shrugged and loaded a tray of drinks onto one of the carts shelves

Patricia turned to me "Can I get you something?"

I opened the dark beer refrigerator and glanced into it aimlessly.

"Empty?" Patricia.

"Yeah... but I'm actually looking for the powder room."

"Well you're not going to find it in there." Patricia teased. "Actually there's no powder room in here. Do you need to wash up?"

"No no.. I just need to pee." I fought back a shiver. "Maybe I will have one of those drinks." I grabbed one off of the tray. Patricia offered a couple of pills and I downed them quickly in a single gulp. Then the realization of what I'd just done hit me. "What did I just take?!" I asked in a panic.

"It's like Viagra" Trisha grinned. "Only stronger."

I stood there in shock, almost unable to move because I needed to pee so badly. I could feel my penis becoming erect almost immediately. Whatever it was it was powerful and fast acting.

Patricia was now on her knees carefully unzipping me. I wasn't sure what to do and a little too shocked to react. I didn't dare look down but I felt Patricia's warm hand wrapping around my swelling penis and pulling it out of my pants. I looked down and Patricia had my penis pointed at her wide open mouth. She looked up at me without raising her head and she seemed to be pleading with me to pee. And I did..

The blast of pee was suprisingly powerful and it was both shocking and a relief at the same time. My heart pounded hard as I let go and relieved myself into Patricia's open mouth. Moving closer I slid the tip of my huge engorged dick into Patricia's mouth and she gulped hungrily as I peed. She finished by sucking and licking the last drops off of my penis.

"I can taste the beer." Patricia commented. "As the night goes on the beer starts going right through guys -- and that's when pee drinking gets really good!"

Patricia let go of my penis and I uncomfortably forced my erect penis down and into my pants.

"It'll be hard for awhile." Trisha grinned and downed a glass of wine in a single shot. Without looking she chucked the wine glass over her shoulder and it shattered into millions of tiny pieces on the sliding glass door.

"Excuse me." Patricia rushed past me, frantically opened the dark beer refrigerators door, and moved close with her skirt raised. A loud splashing sound resounded from the refrigerator.

"Patricia, are you peein' into the refrigerator?" Trisha asked.

Patricia only laughed.

"Cool!" Trisha smirked.

"I heard you and Lance flew out to California for his nephews birthday." Patricia said.

"Yep." Trisha nodded.

"Isn't Lances nephew in High School now?" Patricia asked.

"No, he's twenty-one years old. He's in college!"

"Sorry... So.. did you guys throw a big birthday party for him?"

Trisha finished another glass of wine and tossed it into the sliding glass door like the first, shattering more glass on the floor. "Huge!" Trisha nodded with emphasis. "It was incredible! I've never been fucked so many times in all my life!"

Patricia shut the refrigerator door, grabbed a towel off of one of the oven handles, wiped herself with it, and tossed it on the counter. "Any wine left?"

"Wait!" Trisha filled another glass, downed it, and chucked glass back over her shoulder so that it shattered on the sliding door. Then she tried to fill another but there wasn't enough wine left for even a full glass. "Shit" Trisha said, gulped the last of the wine down "..no wine left", and tossed the wine glass carelessly over her shoulder. It was a weak throw and the glass bounced on the table and amazingly didn't break.

"Will you guys help me hand out these drinks?" Patricia asked.

"Sure." Trisha nodded. She hopped down off of the counter, grabbed the wine bottle like a club, and took a step in the direction of a garbage can next to the drinks.

"AAHHH!" Trisha spun around took a couple running steps past the peninsula and threw the wine bottle with all of her might. My heart jumped into my throat, and I physically jumped back into the counter.

There was a huge crash as the wine bottle broke the sliding glass door, then shattered outside on the balcony. Huge pieces of glass crashed down onto the floor sending large sharp fragments of glass all over the room.

I couldn't say anything. I was in shock and physically shaking as my heart pounded madly.

Trisha moved her shoulders in an exaggerated playful fashion as she turned back around. She had a perversely smug expression on her face and her nipples were hard and erect. "Let's do it!" Trisha squealed.

Patricia pushed the cart and we followed her out and into the diningroom. Trisha was swinging her naked hips to the Blondie music that John had playing in the front room. She grabbed a tray with drinks and pills on it and carried it to the table. Some guys grabbed drinks, but other guys grabbed and fondled her breasts, pussy, and rear instead. She made no attempt to stop them, but merely spread her legs a little, bent forward, and supported herself with her left hand. Almost immediately a man moved in behind her and began fucking her, but she pretended to ignore him and began to pass out drinks.

"I wouldn't put your dick in her mouth if I were you." One man cautioned another who was approaching Trisha with his erect penis out and ready.

Patricia was leaning on the cart watching Trisha being fucked as a man was fucking her from behind as well. Patricia's eyes got very wide suddenly then she closed them tight, arched her head back, and leaned forward on the cart gasping for breath. Slowly she raised her head and began looking around. To the right of Patricia's head another man stood waiting with, semi-hard penis out and ready. Trisha nodded at the man, got down on her knees, and opened her mouth wide so he could pee into it. I watched in frozen perverse fascination. This time when she finished drinking he slid his penis back into her mouth and she began giving him a blow job. He pulled his penis out just before cumming and shot a big load of cum, directly into her face, just above her left eye.

Two men, who had been watching, stepped in on either side of him and began jerking off vigorously in front of Patricia's face.

"Facial time!" John announced with a huge grin. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his penis, and took the center position as the men stepped to the side

First the man on the right sprayed cum into Patricia's face. Then the man on the left sprayed cum into Patricia's hair. Then John sprayed Patricia straight in the middle of her face with a powerful blast of pee! She shut her eyes as he randomly sprayed her face. Then he aimed his stream into her hair. Suddenly more and more men stepped in to join the "facial". I'd guess that there were around ten, or perhaps a few more, in the group and they had to back up a little so that they could all fit. I watched in rapt fascination as streams of pee hit Patricia in the face and hair from all directions. And they weren't just releasing a squirt or two they were fully relieving themselves.

A sound caught my attention and I turned to see Robert's submissive, Tabitha, sitting on the edge of her chair and peeing powerfully onto the carpet as she watched the "facial". There were splashing sounds coming from all around the table and I glanced back at Jules and saw that she too was now pissing urgently onto the floor, watching the "facial", and ignoring the guy who was violently fucking Debra directly behind her.

"They're merciless." Tabitha grinned at me and studied my erect penis, as she wiped herself. I nodded and saw that Debra was now being fucked by a second man.

"First time?" Tabitha asked as she stood up.

"Yeah.." I admitted.

Tabitha wrapped her arms warmly around me and we kissed intimately on the lips as my penis pressed against her crotch.

"What a totally crazy party." I said under my breath as Tabitha backed up and raised her arms so the I could remove her blouse. I unfastened her bra and her breasts bounced free. She had large brown areolas with hard nipples that I was now busily sucking on while my right hand explored inside her slacks.

"Ohh.. that's intense." Tabitha shuddered as I found her clit. Then she shut her eyes and leaned back as I stroked it. I rubbed other parts of her vagina and the insides of her legs and I felt her beginning to tremble and orgasm. Tabitha laughed loudly as she orgasmed then leaned her flushed face up against me and rested herself while her heart pounded wildly against my chest. Tabitha rubbed her flushed cheek against mine and gazed into my eyes.

"Com'on." She beckoned tugging at me. I followed her into the livingroom where I removed her slacks and panties and laid her down on a try section of carpet. We kissed on the lips again and then I moved down and kissed her inner thighs and pussy -- lightly teasing her erect clit with my tongue. When she started to tremble I slid my huge engorged penis deeply inside her wet pussy and fucked until I collapsed on her in a mind splitting orgasm. For a little while I was only consious of the two of us then I became aware of the party going on around us again.

"How are you doin'" The woman to our right moaned to me. She was in the middle of being fucked by a group of three men. I suddenly realized that it was Jane.

I didn't know what to say so I just gave her the thumbs up. When I got up I realized that I'd lost my shirt. I pulled my pants up and buttoned them but let my erect penis hang out of the open zipper.

"Your clothes?" I asked Tabitha.

"Aww.. look for them later." Tabitha grinned.

Soaked naked Patricia approached us carrying a tray with drinks on it. Her hair was full of cum and cum ran down her legs from her pussy. "Would you like a drink?" she offered.

I helped myself to two, and Tabitha took one.

Tabitha set her drink on the coffee table and leaned on it. "Thank you, that was incredible." she gasped to me as a newcomer, who'd just jumped her from behind, began fucking her vigorously.

"Thank you too." I nodded and headed off through the crowd. There were sounds of excitement coming from the basement and I entered to find a young brunette with small breasts and large hips blindfolded and lying on her back. Restraints secured her hands and feet at each corner of the bed. One man had just finished roughly fucking her missionary style and he was stepping away. I stepped closer to get a better look, my heart beating hard. Cum ozzed out of her hairy swollen pussy.

My penis was still rock hard but I was unsure if I could cum again. I got up on the edge of the bed on my knees and sort of slid my body on top of her as I slid my penis into her soaking wet pussy. I started pumping slowly and then gradually increased the speed and force pushing deeply inside. She grunted along with me and I kissed her cheeks as I fucked her. I wouldn't have thought that I would have been able to cum again but I did. It was a strangely long gratifying fuck. I watched several other men fuck her then I headed upstairs and drank some punch. I didn't want to drink any more alcohol and give myself a hangover.

The last thing I remember of the night was finding a blonde seated on the couch wearing a long tee-shirt with the words "Piss Slut" written on the front. I peed full force in her face and hair and finished up by soaking down her tee-shirt over her breasts. Then I headed off to an upstairs bedroom and fell asleep in the bed.

###

"How are you doin'?" The strange blonde I woke with in the morning asked me.

"Suprisingly not bad. How about you?"

"I feel great!" she grinned.

I climbed out of bed and looked around the room.

"Lose your clothes?" she asked.

"Yeah."

"Me too." she laughed.

We found bathrobes and slippers in the closet and we made our ways downstairs. The house was predictably a mess but I was a little suprised to find it seemingly deserted. We headed into the kitchen and found John and Jane, having breakfast, seated on stools at the peninsula. A gentle breeze came in through the broken sliding glass door, and there was glass all over the breakfast table and the floor around it. There appeared to be puddles of pee, and wads of toilet paper, all over the kitchen floor.

"How'd you like our party?" John asked me casually.

"I liked it!" I grinned devilishly as I slid my penis into Patricia's mouth and began peeing powerfully.

"Great." John nodded and then added "When you're done with Patricia I could use her too."

"Next time you're going to have to fuck me." Jane stroked herself with her hand inside her pajama bottom.

"We're the worlds most oversexed couple." John laughed and got up and walked over next to me to wait his turn.

Jane slid her pajama bottom down and slid herself to the edge of the chair.

"We've got a cleaning crew coming over in a little bit." John explained as Jane began peeing powerfully onto the floor.

I wiped my penis off on Patricia's blouse and John rushed into my place and began relieving himself urgently. "Will you be coming to Sir Lance's poker game next Saturday?" John asked.

"Yeah, I hear that it's just a small group of six to ten guys, and that it's a good time."

"It is a good time." John nodded. "It's become a regular Saturday event. Sometimes he hold a game on Friday as well. But you know there might be a big group there this time because he invited practically all the guys from the party last night."

###

I was worried that I might get lost or end up late so I'd taken John up on his offer of a ride. He'd suggested that I get a good nights sleep and perhaps even sleep in late since Sir Lances parties sometimes ran late into the night. So all I'd had to do was to get up, eat some breakfast, and Patricia and John were there to pick me up.

Patricia dropped John and me off on the street. Judging from all of the cars parked along the street leading up to his house the turnout was huge. Sir Lances house looked to be nearly as big as Johns and it was built in the French Chateau style.

"So how many people do you think are here tonight?" I asked.

"I'm guessing around thirty." John shrugged. "But don't worry. He likes to seat six to a table so he'll probably set up five tables. You should have no problem finding a low rollers table."

"Who's that her standing next to Sir Lance?" I asked noticing the very beautiful blonde.

"Guess." John teased me. "Here I'll give you a clue. Notice that she's wearing a collar and he's holding the leash."

"Woah! That can't be Trisha" I gasped.

"She dropped the goth thing." John nodded. "Can you believe how pretty and feminine she is with her natural blonde hair, wearing makeup, and dressed in a cute outfit."

"But she looks.. Well.. she's just really pretty."

Sir Lance gestured for us to come over, and I found myself utterly intimidated by Trisha. I could barely speak. I managed only a "hello" to Trisha.

Sir Lance took us around and showed us his place -- well the outside of his place -- then he and Trisha hurried off for the house. His house was surrounded with formal gardens and large lawn areas. Eight tables had been set up on the lawn behind his house for poker play. It was just starting to get dark but the lanterns and strings of light that hung over the tables gave the area a nice feel at night.

"Are you ready to play some poker?" John asked me as we followed the movement of people back to the house. "Are you confident that you can beat these guys?"

"Yeah..I think so."

"You think so?" John laughed "You should see how anxious you look! Relax! When you start playing you've got to keep people from seeing what you're thinking."

A crowd of guys filled the entry hall and we headed into a large room to the left. I undressed slowly -- now aware of the nervous expression on my face. I folded my clothes and stacked them in a pile towards the window where the other clothes were stacked.

A queue of men stretched from the entryhall into the enormous front room where Trisha, was being fucked violently from behind, as she leaned against the fireplass mantle. Her back arched suddenly, then tears streamed down her face and she began to sob audibly. When he finished with her the next man moved in and took his place. With some men she cried at orgasm, with others she would burst into a fit of giggles, and with others she'd gasp and moan.

"Gawd, whose idea was this?" I asked John.

"Trisha's of course." John replied like it was obvious.

"Do you guys do this often?" I asked in disbelief

"Yeah, at the beginning and the ending of every poker night." John nodded nonchalantly.

By the time we'd worked our way into the front room and my turn had arrived I was hugely aroused. Trisha had a suprisingly tight pussy, and I was shaking, but she was so wet that I slid right in. I fucked her missionary style so that I could see her pretty face as we fucked. Perhaps because I was intimidated, by her incredibly pretty looks, it was ridiculously intense sex for me. And Trisha fucked like a wild animal. Trisha broke into a fit of laughter at orgasm and she climaxed with such intensity that she peed at orgasm. It gave me a mind-blowing orgasm -- easily one of the best fucks of my life!

When my turn came for the second round I decided to do Trisha doggy style. Doggy style allowed me to be a little rougher and fondle her breasts, and pussy, and even pull her hair as we fucked! Trisha moaned and gasped hard at orgasm -- but somehow it wasn't as good as the first fuck...

Finally the third round came and I attacked Trisha with passion using the missionary style again. It was very intense but it took much longer to cum than the first fuck and it resulted in another mind-warping fuck that left both of us shaking and Trisha in tears.

Feeling relaxed and happy we headed out to the back lawn. It turned out that there were a lot of guys, who were just as inexperienced as I was, and I quickly found a table to join.

I'd barely sat down when Trisha appeared carrying a tray loaded with bottles of beer. She was still naked, and as she got closer I could see that her face was flushed and she was grinning perversely. Her nipples, of course, were fully erect, and cum streamed down both of her legs from her hairy pussy.

Playing poker I made my best attempt to show a "poker" face and perhaps that helped, or perhaps I played well, but by the time the poker play was starting to wind down and Trisha came around with the drinks and the viagra-like pills, I was actually up twenty dollars! That's not much money to me, but it showed that I was holding my own so I was feeling pretty good!

"Maybe next time you can move up a table or two and join some of the more experienced players?" John suggested as we undressed and folded our clothes.

"Maybe.." I agreed.

I looked down at my erect penis and stepped into line. I was perhaps a full inch longer than normal, and definitely much thicker all the way around. Perhaps this time I'd try Trisha while standing, from behind, while she leaned on the fireplace mantel -- like the first guy I'd seen had done. The pills seemed to have supercharged my libido, it was going nuts, and I wanted to pull Trisha's hair and have some really rough sex!

###

THE POKER GAME

Wednesday afternoon the phone rang, and it was John. "So how'd you like the party?" John asked excitedly.

"Gawd.." I laughed. "The poker was fun.. But can you believe Trisha? I can't believe we actually went four rounds at the end!"

"Yeah Trisha is something else." John agreed. "You know how she had us give her a pee bukkake at the very end."

"Yeah..."

"Well..." John laughed. "Would you believe she still hasn't washed her hair! She claims that she likes the smell of dried urine in her hair. And every time I go over there she wants me to pee more in her hair!"

"Yeah, I believe it.." I nodded to myself "That's Trisha... but.. I really liked how she looked last Saturday! I sure hope she doesn't go back to that goth look."

"Oh no don't worry, she's still wearing really feminine outfits, and she's still wearing makeup and styling her hair. She still looks really pretty. She's just not washing her hair. And she's starting to really smell bad..."John chuckled, "But don't worry I'm sure she'll wash her hair before Saturday. She just likes to do outrageous things."

"Yeah she does." I agreed.

"You've gotta be careful when you're visiting Sir Lance." John laughed again. "Trisha's been known to drink a lot of water, save her urine -- and use it to make coffee for unsuspecting guests."

"I don't think I'll drink any of their coffee when I visit."

John agreed, "It's safest to stick with their bottled drinks."

"Gawd you've got some crazy friends." I told John.

"Do you like them?"

"I love them!"

