Sunday morning sex... it's just the Best~!

11th September 2011, 12:53 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

A fictional fantasy of life as i would like it~! lol~!

I wake from a deep sleep to feel your breath against the nape of my neck, your hands cupping my breasts, your semi hard shaft rubbing against the round firm curve of my buttocks, and I sigh softly as a smile curves my lips. Your one hand expertly kneads the firm suppleness of a breast, tweaking the hardening rosy nipple, as the other snakes down and rubs the soft red pubes on my mound, the tip of your finger sneakily; sliding along the cleft, feeling the heat, and also the stickiness of our shared passion mere hours ago, in this same bed. I groan and arch my back, pushing back against you.

You gently roll me over, till I am flat on my back, tousled red curls fanned on the pillow, dark almost black eyes smiling up at you as kneel over me. Your fingers touch the freckles on my nose, then trace the curve of my smile, and I playfully nip your fingertip, and you slide it inside my soft pink lips, feeling the warm wetness of my mouth. I suck your finger deep, and see your cock, semi hard, buck slightly, and my eyes shine mischievously. You pull your finger out with a wet plop, and wave it in a no-no motion in front of my face, as I playfully snap my teeth at the wagging finger.

You pull back, and settle slightly on your haunches, your weight against but not on my body, you are just below the rising mounds on my breasts, and as you lean up again I see a glistening at the tip of your hard shaft. You see my eyes move to the tip of your cock and fly back up to meet your eyes, mine eager, questioning, and you laugh and nod. I reach up to hold your semi hardness, resisting the urge to stroke, and I feel the small stream of pee even before it splashes on my face, making me giggle as golden drops catch in red curls, one errant drop sparkling in my long eyelashes, and your small very controlled spurt washes my face. My tongue slips out and tastes a few drops, as you look down at me, face wet with your pee, eyes dark and shining, lips so pink and inviting. You lean forward and kiss me deeply, tasting your own golden drops from my lips, salty, tangy, a taste well known to you.

You lean back and another small splash soaks my hair and I giggle delightfully. You laugh with me and then move up and backwards, your butt now against my pubis. Your wet tip grazes a slightly flattened but firmly rising breast, and my rosy nipple hardens, gleaming and wet. You grin and tease the other nipple the same way, watching how I catch my breath as you do this. You lean down and suck teeny droplets of gold from each of my nipple, feeling my body move beneath you as I moan softly. You sit down on your haunches again, sliding your still not fully erect cock between my soft supple mounds, your own eyes closing at the sensation of your cock sliding between the satin soft skin of my breasts.

You push my breasts together over your cock and slide in and out a few times. Then you slide your tip to the small hollow between the two impressive hills of flesh, and I moan softly as you spurt more of your golden juice. Your breath catches as the pee pools in the small hollow, bathing the tip of your cock before it spills out, trickling down, pooling at the hollow of my throat and then running down to soak the curls fanned on the pillow on either side. You are enjoying your fun, and are very very controlled, wanting this to last as long as possible, so its small controlled trickles that you allow to escape, and the trickle stops almost as soon as it starts as you thrust between my breasts, loving the feel of the firm skin and the wetness of your own pee. As the tip slides through you let another small squirt loose, and it splashes against my chin and we both laugh.

You slide in and out between my breasts and then I ask you to turn, to squat over me with your penis now pointing down towards my rounded tummy, my pubis and my stretching thighs. As you lean forward, once again sliding your cock between supple breasts, I cup your balls and slowly nuzzle and suckle them. You close your eyes, revelling in the sensation of your cock between my wet dripping breasts, as I suck one ball then the other into my mouth. It sends shooting sparks of intense pleasure through your groin, and as your tummy muscles tighten you let go another small spurt.

You open your eyes to watch your own golden trickle force it's way, bubbling slightly, as it pushes from between my breasts, and then ponderously makes its way down the middle groove of my ribs, and down to the roundness of my belly, pooling into my belly button, some it spilling out either side over rounded hips. My belly quivers, and you watch the golden pool in my belly button also quiver and overflow as my belly shudders. You lean over and suck your own golden juice from my belly button. You like the taste of your own pee, and sucking it from my belly button delights you, almost as much as it delights me. I moan and sigh softly, my hot breath against the wet flesh of your balls, making them tighten.

I move my mouth and suckle your balls again, then move my tongue, sliding it along that line behind your balls, and although I cannot see, your eyes close and your cock bucks and hardens slightly as you enjoy the feeling of my soft lips, warm wet tongue and hot breath against that ever so sensitive perineum. You sigh, and I suck softly along that fine line, and watch your balls tighten. You open your eyes, and concentrate hard, and as the tip of my tongue finds your small puckered starfish, you push hard enough to release another, slightly harder stream of pee.

You watch, as I quiver beneath you, my body undulating, my tongue probing you, as your pee trickles from between my breasts, over my ribs, over the roundness of my tummy, pooling in and out of my belly button to spill down to the hollow below my pubis, and this time the stream is hard enough to flow up and over the mound. And so it runs, hot and wet, along the cleft between my puffy lips, small droplets caught in the red pubes, sparkling like topaz gemstones. I groan loudly and my hips move in a semi circular movement under you, changing the direction of the stream. As some of it soaks between my puffy pussy lips I buck my hips, thrusting a little, moaning loudly, my teeth gently, erotically nipping your skin, and your cock bounces slightly in response.

As I regain some control after the delight of your warm wetness trickling over my clit, I resume my ministrations and you revel for a while in the feel of me tongue fucking you, my fingers exploring, caressing, touching, and I pause only to once again nuzzle and suckle your balls, or stroke the perineum line with my tongue before returning to my fun. Your cock is now rock hard, and you stroke between my breasts, in time to the thrusts of my tongue. Lost for a moment in the sensations running through your body, a twinge from your bladder reminds you how full you are with your morning pee. You groan, half wanting to ignore the twinge and just cum hard as I tongue fuck you and you fuck my breasts. But you also want to continue your wet fun, soaking me slowly until I cum hard, and so, with a groan, you force open your eyes.

You concentrate hard, but you are too engorged to pee easily, and you have to flick the sensitive tip before you can release a steady slow trickle. Exercising as much control as you can muster with my tongue buried deep inside you, you only allow your pee to trickle slowly from you, and watch as it runs across my skin, down, in, up, over and again along the shadowy cleft of my aching pussy. As your pee runs along my pussy lips I stop momentarily what I am doing, and groan, undulating again below you, rolling my hips, my belly quivering, my sighs felt as hot breaths against your wet sensitive skin.

You lean forward, your hands opening my pussy lips, and I groan loudly as your pee trickles and pools against my puffed-up clit, soaking my pussy with warm golden wetness and making my whole body shiver. I clench my thighs tightly, damming your pee in the hollow below my pussy at the V between my thighs. You delight in my obvious pleasure, and lean even further forward to suck my clit while your pee still flows slowly from you. I buck my hips wildly, splashing pee everywhere, as I rear up beneath you, to meet your tongue and push my clit against your lips. Your teeth tease my clit gently, and I groan, and respond by rubbing your starfish with my fingertip before thrusting my tongue in as deep as it will go.

The sudden sharp pleasure that floods your body, and makes you grunt, temporarily stops your flow, and for magical moments of suspended time we enjoy each other's tongues, teeth, lips and fingers, as we probe and plunder and plunge into each other. You have the added pleasure of seeing your golden drops and little trickles on my skin, tasting your gold nectar from my skin, sucking it from my nipples, my tummy, my clit. You are deftly lapping your own tangy saltiness from the pink velvet folds of my pussy, your salty drops mingling with my slightly sweeter honeyed juices, and I am driven wild with pleasure. It's almost too much for me, and even as I continue to taste and touch and tongue you, I am wildly thrusting and bucking my hips, undulating my body, my thigh muscles clenching and releasing, my legs straightening, my feet curling first downwards then upwards, as I give in to a rising tide of pleasure inside me.

You continue delving every crevice of my pussy, enjoying seeing it from this different angle, taking pleasure in the different sensations you feel from being the other way around while eating me out. You hold my pussy wide open, lean back a little, and concentrating hard, try to release more of your golden bounty. Again you have to stop a second to flick the tip before it flows, and this time you let it flow. A river of hot golden piss streams hard from your cock, and you have to hold me open with one hand for a while so you can direct your cock and the stream surging from it. Once the flow is more controlled, and your cock is flat against my skin, pinned down by my two heavy breasts, your other hand helps open me up again. Your piss flows over my skin, dripping down on both sides, overflowing the small pool of my belly button and soaking my waiting, wanton, aching pussy.

You hear the sharp intake of breath as warm pee swirls against my clit, soaks into my pussy, dams up in the V between my thighs, flows over rounded hips, and wobbles with every rhythmic thrust of my body. You are mesmerised by the sight of your golden stream on my skin, and in the obvious pleasure I get from the feel of your piss on and in me. One hand lets go of my lips to probe my depths though the hot wetness, and again I moan loudly, and suck hard on the rounded skin of one butt cheek. You bury your face in the warm wetness and suck my clit, and as your stream wanes, you feel my orgasm begin.

Fingers thrusting deep inside me you suckle my clit roughly yet gently, and feel my belly shudder, tighten, and undulate, see my toes curl, my thighs clench, feel me arch my back, feel my face move from side to side beneath you, and I cum, loudly, shudderingly, clear sweet pussy juice flooding your mouth as I do. You do not stop until my body stops shuddering and shaking and my breath escapes me in shaky drawn out sigh. Then you lick every drop of cum and piss that you can reach from my now deep pink pussy.

As I slowly relax and my breath returns to normal you get up, turn around and sit over me yet again, once again just below my heaving dripping breasts. My eyes are bright, my cheeks flushed, my lips smiling in amazement and awe as I look lovingly up at you. Moments pass and you lean forward and push the tip of your hardening cock against my soft lips, and I willingly swallow, you as you slide inside my wet warm mouth and deep into my throat. I taste your salty pee and my tangy sweet cum, and suck slowly as you slide in and out. You close your eyes and ride my face a while, knowing you could just relax, and cum... but that is not your plan.

Before you reach the point of no return you lean up and move between my legs. You push down on my rounded tummy, feeling my own distended bladder full of morning pee, and I groan. Normally I would have been unable to hold when I came, but the orgasm was so intense it clamped my bladder muscles instead, and all my pee is still inside my full round bladder. I wince as you press on my distended belly, but it is a good kind of pain, and you smile.

You move down, and in one quick motion thrust deep inside my soaking wet, tight, hot, silky core, so deep it takes my breath away and my eyes close. Then you hold it there till my eyes open again, and you kiss me deeply as you slide out, then in again, hard and deep, groaning into my mouth with the sensation of my tight soft velvet folds squeezing your hardness, moaning at the hot wet tightness of me. Your thrusts are hard, but controlled, and as you push ever deeper inside me, it is like uncorking a wine, and I cannot hold back, as small trickles begin to flow from me.

You groan as you feel the wetness hot against you, pooling between us, pressing again your cock as it slides in, bubbling slightly with splashes as you slide out. I am trying to control it so it will last, like you had done, but the deep thrusts are making it almost impossible. My breasts bobble and heave with every deep hard controlled thrust, and I moan and buck to meet your every movement, warm wetness seeping slowly from me with every plunge of your cock. You give into lust for moment and fuck me wildly, hard, deep, almost roughly, as our mouths meet in open sloppy kisses, and my fingernails leave half moon indentations on your back.

Then you pull out, quickly, sliding your face down, sucking and slurping noisily, drinking from the source. I do not like to drink pee, although I like to taste it and have it all over me, and in me, but you love to taste. You even drink your own sometimes, also from the source, squirting it up and into your mouth. I enjoy letting you fill my mouth and letting it spill out, swallowing only small amounts. But you, you like to drink, and I am driven even more wild by the sight and sound of you, the feel of your tongue on me, your mouth sucking, as you drink from me, your hands pushing on my lower tummy, as if trying to make my pee flow more strongly.

After long delightful moments you stop, move up, and thrust back inside me, pushing up and against my flow, which at this stage is gushing out hard, and as you slide inside me you kiss me and I suck my own pee from your tongue, lick it from your lips, kiss it from your face, as you fuck me so hard it takes my breath away.

As my stream at last wanes and wobbles, your mouth moves down and you latch hard, almost painfully, onto my breast, sucking hard on my nipple, biting it slightly, leaving teeth indentations in a circle around my nipple as l lift my legs and hook them on your shoulders so you can slide even deeper inside me. You fuck me hard that way for a while before you ask me to roll over, and I turn, head on my soaking pillow, ass in the air, and you slide into me from behind, making wet sucking sounds as you slide in and out.

Your finger plays with my anus and I groan, and you slide out of my soaking wet pussy and press against my starfish, sliding in slowly, feeling how very very tight I am. I moan a little in pain as you fill me, then relax as you move first slowly, then harder and harder inside me.

You revel in the tightness, thrusting deeply, making me moan louder and louder, your hand playing with my clit, feeling as small trickles of pee still escape me now and then. You need to cum, and I can feel another orgasm building, but you want to watch my face, and I want to see your eyes, so I turn again, and you pull me down so my butt is right at the edge of the bed before you thrust in again, to where it is tight and soft, not as tight as my ass, but so much wetter and slicker.

We watch each other's faces as our orgasms built and I tighten around your cock as I begin to cum again, tummy muscles shuddering, breasts heaving, toes curling, my eyes never leaving yours, fighting not to close them; you watch me cum, see how my eyes change as I do, and you relax, and let out a loud animal groan, and I feel your cock thicken and buck before you began to fill me with your warm sticky seed.

You pull out, quickly, and I open my mouth so you can watch your creamy white spunk land on my tongue, coat my lips, slide down my throat. You move a little and some lands on an erect nipple, and then you aim back at my face, almost getting me in the eye, both of us giggling at that, before the last spurt lands on my tongue. You lean forward and kiss me, tasting your own cum, and smearing the cum on my breast between us.

Spent at last, you collapse on me and I stroke your back for what seems like ages before you roll over on your back. We lay there, smiling, panting slightly, wet, messy, but happy, before you playfully smack my thigh. "hey you," you say in a loud voice, "come on, up you get, and get me some breakfast, wench, while I change these sheets. Sheesh you certainly soaked these didn't you?"

I giggle madly. "Me? me? hah!" I snort. "I think you made more mess than I did..." But I jump up anyway. "So, are pancakes ok? And do you mind if I shower first?" I ask as I reach for a towel.

You look at me contemplatively. "Mmmm, yeah... Pancakes, and syrup, yeah... and ... um... no, I don't think you should shower JUST yet... you can shower AFTER breakfast..."

"What? Why? I'm a wet sticky mess..." I protest, but you just smile and your eyes gleam.

"JUST the way I like you, besides I have an idea breakfast might be messy... and sticky ... too... with syrup everywhere..." You say meaningfully, lurching for me, and pulling the towel away as your mouth finds a plump nipple, and your cock twitches just a little.

