Caught Peeping (fictional)

1st March 2005, 07:35 PM

Author: Azmodan

Location: The Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 7

Author : Azmodan - The Lord of Sins

Name : Caught Peeping (fictional)

Subjects : Pee, bisex

Written : March 1, 2005

It had been a long day. My wife and I had just finished our diner, cleaned the dishes and drank a cup of coffee while watching the news. As usual, she went to the bedroom early to take her time to get ready for bed and I had a drink to unwind. Normally I would watch some TV but it was such a nice summer night I decided to have my drink outside under the stars. When I opened the side door I noticed the gate to the backyard was open. That was odd because it was closed an hour earlier when I took the trash out. I quietly walked into the backyard to see what was going on. There was no moon and it was nearly pitch black. Our bedroom is at the back of the house and in the glow coming through the curtains I could see a figure peeking in!

My first thought was to yell out, but I decided to get a little closer to see what was going on. I walked out into the yard and came up behind the figure. From there I could see my wife through the opening in the curtains. She was sitting nude in front of the dresser mirror brushing her long blond hair. I moved in closer and recognized the figure as my next door neighbor's eighteen-year-old son, Harry. He was wearing a tank top and his shorts were down around his ankles. He had his cock in his hand stroking it slowly. By now my anger had turned to amusement. After all, what eighteen year old wouldn't want to see my wife nude.

At thirty, she was beautiful. She had milky white skin, small but very perky breasts, a gorgeous ass and nicely trimmed bush. She was thin but had nicely rounded curves. Watching this young stud beating off while watching my naked wife was a bit of a turn-on and I could feel myself getting hard. I could have just watched and let Harry finish and go on his way, but that wouldn't be any fun. So, I came up behind him and grabbed him by the shoulders. He almost jumped out of his skin and let out a yelp. "What are you doing, Harry?" I asked. He didn't know what to say, first saying something like he was looking for his cat then apologizing all over him self. It was funny to see that after all that he still had a hard-on, sticking straight out. "Well, Harry," I said, "I guess we need to go talk to your parents, because you seemed to be watching some other pussy."

"No, no! Please don't tell my parents.", he pleaded. "I'll never do it again I promise. I'll do anything, just don't tell my parents." Of course, I had no plan to tell his parents but I thought I might use his fear of them finding out to my advantage. "Okay, maybe we won't have to tell your parents.", I said, "But we can't just ignore this. The first thing is for you to do is go inside and apologize to Sheryl." He agreed and started to pull up his shorts. "No way!" I stopped him. "I want her to see you just like this." Poor Harry was shaking with fear and embarrassment and his dick was starting to go limp. I led him inside and straight to the bedroom. Sheryl was in bed by now reading a book.

The look on her face was priceless when I came in holding a half naked teenaged boy by the arm. "Look who I found peeking in the window at you." At first Sheryl looked shocked, followed by embarrassed. "Where are your pants?" she asked. I told her! "He pulled them down, so he could masturbate while watching you." She tried to act angry but a little smile on her face betrayed her flattery. "Harry, you were trespassing and invading our privacy." Poor Harry tried to apologize but was so nervous he was barely able to stammer "Sorry!". Having a little more fun I asked Harry, "Do you like looking at my wife's tits?"

"Yes, I mean n-no, I don't know." Sheryl caught on to what I was doing and jumped right in. "Do you want to see me naked again, Harry." He knew there was no right answer. He couldn't take any more and sat on the bed, starting to cry. Sheryl got up from under the covers, she was still naked, and sat next to Harry with her arm around him. Trying to calm him she told him that she wasn't angry and that she was actually flattered that a good looking young man like he would be turned-on by her body.

By now I was as hard as a rock, watching my wife, completely naked, with her arms around this kid, who by now was growing hard again. Seeing that Harry was growing a little more comfortable, I explained to him that there was nothing wrong with looking at naked women or masturbating, but that peeking in someone's window without their permission, was wrong and he would have to be punished. He understood, he said, but pleaded that we not tell his parents. "I'll do ANYTHING you tell me." Sheryl and I have never had hang-ups about sex and had talked about having a threesome. One look at each other and we knew we were thinking the same thing!

I could see Harry was trying to hide his now raging hard-on with his hands. "Harry", I said, "you shouldn't be embarrassed about having an erection." With that, I dropped my shorts revealing my engorged member. Harry looked shocked and couldn't move his eyes. He was transfixed on my cock. "An erection", I continued, "is a perfectly natural thing. And since you are the cause of mine, I think a fitting punishment would be for you to help me take care of it."

"Then", Sheryl interjected, "you can work on me because I'm getting pretty horny myself." Harry gave a uncertain "okay" but said he didn't know what to do. "Have you ever given anyone a blowjob?", I asked. "No", he answered, "I never even seen someone's dick this close before and I have only been with a girl once."

"Don't worry", Sheryl said, "we'll teach you." I sat on the bed, then Sheryl demonstrated on me how to start by licking the shaft from top to bottom, not forgetting about the balls. Then she showed him how to suck on it. After showing and telling him what to do, she took his right hand and placed it around the base of my cock. I could feel his hand trembling as he put his lips to the head and licked the pre-cum. Then he ran his tongue down the shaft to my balls, sucking on them gently. I could tell Harry was really getting into it because he was starting to moan and was stroking his own dick.

After giving my member a good washing he wrapped his lips around the head and started to suck, moving his lips up and down my shaft. Meanwhile, I was kissing and sucking on Sheryl's supple tits as she fingered herself. After a few minutes I couldn't hold back anymore and lay my hands on the back of his head. Then I started to spasm and spurted my load deep into Harry's virgin mouth. "Suck it all up.", I ordered him, while holding him down. He tried his best, sucking until my tool was dry. Sheryl helped him clean up, their tongues working together to get every last drop of my hot, white semen. My first unloading into a mouth of a man.

Sheryl gave Harry a long wet kiss sharing the taste of my jism. "It's my turn now", she whispered and lay on her back pulling the teenager on top of her. He was so excited he was stabbing everywhere with his cock, unable to find his target. I reached under him, grabbed his dick and pointed him towards my wife's wet open slit, while gently stroking him. With my help he was finally able to find the warm crevice of my wife and plunged in. Humping away, it took about twenty seconds for him to blow his load, crying out with each spasm. Sheryl, hotter than ever now, pushed him down to her pussy and demanded that he eat her out and clean up his own mess. Harry seemed to enjoy lapping up his own semen. Sheryl directed his tongue like an expert teacher. "Exactly how kinky are you, Harry?", she asked. The questionmarks could be read in his eyes. Thinking it would be anything along the path we had taken, he replied "I'll do anything, if you just don't tell my parents about my peeping."

I sensed a sparkle in my wife's eyes. Would she take this inexperienced boy to a level we ourselves had barely discovered? Sure, we had tried watersports, but dragging this innocent boy into it? I had my doubts, but judging from her looks Sheryl was positive and ready to burst. "Keep licking, you'll see what will happen next." He had just thrust his tongue deeply into her soaking snatch when he got his big surprise. She just couldn't hold it any longer. Within seconds, her flowing love juices and his own semen were graced by a feeble stream of warm pee. Luckily for him, next to the cup of coffee she had drank only water all evening, so the taste and smell were very dilute. His initial shock seemed to disappear rapidly and he started to continue his tonguework and sipping her urine. It was rolling down his cheeks and dripping onto the floor. It only took some seconds befor she was lost in her second shuddering orgasm.

Seeing my wife being fucked and licked by and pissing on this young stud was such a turn on that my cock was harder than I had ever seen it. Harry was very muscular had very little hair on his body. He was on his elbows and knees licking Sheryl's pussy with his cock swinging underneath him, hard and throbbing. His inviting ass was sticking up in the air. I grabbed some lube and started to give him a hand job while at the same time lubing his ass. He hesitated for a moment but his moans told me he didn't want me to stop. Grabbing his hips I put the head of my swollen cock to his awaiting bung hole. I had anal sex with Sheryl before, so I knew how to handle this. Slowly, I pushed, moving my dick in and out a centimeter at a time. He ass was so tight I wasn't sure I was going to get it in, just like the first time with my wife.

After a minute or so my head was in, then another centimeter until my pubic hairs was pressed against his young ass. I waited in this position for some time, so his rectum could get used to this intruder, while I reached down and gently stroked his dick, while looking at the extasy into my wifes eyes as he was cleaning her pussy with his tongue. Then, slowly atfirst, I pumped my cock in and out gradually increasing my momentum. As his asshole loosened up I pounded harder and harder. He grunted in pleasure with each down stroke as he stroked his own cock, all the while continuing to lap at Sheryl's pussy. After several minutes Sheryl couldn't hold back her screams as she orgasmed , grabbing Harry's head and driving his face into her pussy releasing another spurt of urine into his open mouth. Then it was my turn. With a grunt I drove my cock deep into Harry's ass, shooting my load deep within him.

Exhausted, we all collapsed on the bed. Harry was still stroking his cock. Now it was his turn to lie back and be pleasured. I took his cock into my mouth and started swirling my tongue around the head, savoring the taste of his pre-cum. I had never had a cock in my mouth before and thought about how liked it best. The velvety texture, the smell and taste of his cum mixed with my wife's juices was intoxicating. I kneaded his balls while sucking his shaft, moving my head up and down in rhythm. The thought of his semen shooting all over my tongue was exhilarating. I occasionally caught a glimpse of Sheryl masturbating as she watched her cock sucking man and fondled my cock. Just when I thought that Harry had shot his last load and couldn't produce more he started gyrating his hips and moaning. I slid my index finger into his cumdripping ass and then he came and blew like an eruption, spurt after glorious spurt of salty spunk.

I kept on sucking until I was certain he was drained completely, not counting on the fact that I was about to receive a taste of something else. Playing with his cockhead had made him aware of his full bladder. Before I could swallow his entire load I felt a burst of pee shooting into my mouth. Luckily I drank my wifes piss before, so I knew how to appreciate this. I tried to swallow it all down, but the stream was to fast and urine began to run from my mouth down his member and balls. Sheryl noticed this and quickly jumped in, grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed it gently trying to regulate the flow. I emptied my mouth and licked his shaft, while she did the same. Both our faces and Harry's lower parts were now covered in hot pee. When the stream dried out, Sheryl wrapped her lips around the head, drank the final spurts and cleaned him up.

By now, I was bursting as well. "Lie down next to the bed, you two", I said. "Get ready for my shower!". Sheryl was ready for things to come, opened her legs, pushed Harry next to her and told him to open up her pussy. I stood over them and felt the relief as my straining bladder began to empty. I directed the flow as hard as I could onto her clitoris, then up over her breasts and into her open mouth, making sure Harry was getting his share as well. Her eyes closed in ecstasy and her hands rubbed the slippery wetness all over their bodies. As I finished, she quickly reached up to grab my hand and pull me down beside them. She rolled me onto my back and in one fast movement had jumped astride me and pinned both my hands above my head with her legs. She lowered her pussy over my face and she sprayed me, laughing as I spluttered and tried to catch as much of it as I could. Sadly it were only a few squirts. Harry had had the major part of the deal, I guessed.

Harry visited often after that night. Mostly it was all three of us, other times with either me or Sheryl. Most of the time it started with Harry peeping in the window so he could take his punishment.

