Making him wait (m desp)

6th August 2013, 10:30 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Here's another story about me and Mike... unfortunately, these are only fantasies, but I'm enjoying writing them! "Mike" is based off a real person, but we never did explore my desperation fetish and we are no longer involved. These are just the things I wish would've happened!

###

I was sitting at my desk at work, bored, tapping my feet as I stared at an endless Excel spreadsheet, when Mike's text came in.

"Do you get off at five today?" it said. "Have to piss so bad my teeth are floating. Don't think I can wait that long."

Hmm, suddenly things were getting more interesting! Mike had the day off and I'd left him at home, relaxing in front of the TV with a six pack of beer... and, of course, a locked bathroom. He had strict instructions not to leave the house, though I'd doubted he would want to after his hectic weekend. It was only 3 pm but it seemed that his drinking had already caught up with him. I texted him back:

"Can maybe skip out early... but you're gonna have to wait, babe! I know you can do it "

I imagined him reading the text, shifting his weight nervously on the couch, his heart sinking. I knew it would be almost impossible for him to hold it another two hours-- if he was telling me, it was urgent, barely under control. I felt myself growing wet and squeezed my legs together. Mike knew the pleasure that awaited him if he managed to hold it for me, and I was looking forward to both.

I rubbed my head and took another swig of coffee, wondering if I could fake a migraine and get home before Mike's dam burst. I couldn't risk all that lovely desperation going to waste.

"Don't you dare piss yet," I texted him. "I'll be home as soon as I can."

"Hurry," he responded. "I'm about to lose it."

I tried to look as sickly as possible for the next 20 minutes, while secretly growing more and more aroused as I thought of Mike's predicament. I could picture him sitting there on the couch, barely paying attention to the television, squeezing his crotch with his cute face furrowed in concentration. When I stood up to go into my boss' office, I realized how wet my panties were. I smiled to myself at the thought of my little secret. I asked my boss if I could leave, citing the flickering fluorescent lights as a migraine trigger. Soon I was in my car, on my way home, calling Mike as I drove.

"On my way," I said. "You better still be holding it, babe."

"I am," he replied breathlessly, "but not for long. Please hurry."

"I'll do what I can," I said. "You just concentrate on holding that piss for me."

Mike groaned. "Hurry," he said again.

I made it home in record speed, barely avoiding two red lights. I pulled into the driveway and hurriedly gathered my things, my pussy hot and throbbing with the thought of what awaited me inside. Sure enough, Mike was just where I'd left him, sitting on the couch in only a t-shirt and striped boxer briefs, now sporting a sizeable damp spot and a large erection. He looked visibly relieved as I came through the door.

"I swear, baby, I'm about to do it right here," he said. "Can you please unlock the bathroom now?"

"Oh, no," I said, straddling him and kissing him hard on the mouth. "You know that's not part of the deal."

"I'm going to piss all over your couch if you don't let me up," he begged.

I looked at the empties on the table-- all six beers and a bottle of Coke besides. All that liquid was now sloshing inside his bladder, pressing hot against its walls, urgently begging for release. I knew he couldn't hold much more than that, and the flushed, pained expression on his face told me he was very near the edge. My panties were almost as wet as his boxers, now, though only one of us was wet with piss.

I rubbed his stiff cock through his boxers, in slow, agonizing circles. "Looks like you're enjoying yourself," I said.

"I was playing with myself before you got here," he admitted hoarsely. "I thought it might help me hold it."

"Guess it did."

"Not anymore. Baby, I swear, I am about to piss right here."

"Hmm, we'll see about that." I bent down to pull his underwear off, his cock springing forward as soon as it was free. His pisshole was red and damp, little drops of urine caught in his pubic hair. I bent down and took his cock in my mouth, running my tongue along the underside, tasting the salty tang of the piss on his skin.

"Liz, please don't," he begged.

"I never thought I'd hear a man beg not to have his dick sucked!"

"I am going to piss in your mouth if you don't stop, Liz, I'm warning you--"

"No, you're not. You're going to wait until I let you go."

Mike squirmed and moaned beneath me. A sudden, hot spurt of piss burst against my tongue. He'd never pissed in my mouth before, too squeamish and shy to discuss it, so I knew he must be in dire straits. He tried to pull himself away but I held tight.

"Please," he begged.

"Okay," I said, relenting-- seemingly. I pulled myself off of him and he jumped up urgently, making a bee-line for the bathroom, apparently forgetting it was still locked. He stood jiggling the handle, doing a pee-pee dance, his other hand clamped around his dick.

"Oh my god. Liz, unlock the door, please."

"Why do you think I had you hold it all day? You don't get off that easy, baby."

Mike bent at the knees, grasping himself for dear life, leaning all his weight against the door. "Fuck, I'm gonna lose it..."

I went over to him and pulled his hands off his cock, forcing him to straighten up. His dick jutted out in front of him, twitching as he desperately tried to hold back his piss. I held his hands in mine, pushing him back up against the bathroom door.

«You're gonna stand there, and not touch yourself,» I said.

«Baby, if I don't hold myself, I am going to burst.»

«No touching,» I insisted. I stepped back to enjoy the show. Mike was flushed, sweaty, his hands now fists at his sides. I was impressed that he hadn't pushed past me towards the kitchen sink by now-- clearly, he was anticipating the promise of what would come later. His dick was jumping of its own accord, his legs squirming as he tried so hard to hold back the floods, now without even his hands to help. Little dribbles of piss kept escaping him. Now and then a hard burst would splatter out onto the hardwood floor, Mike moaning as he tried to regain control.

«You didn't piss this morning, either, did you?» I said. «You must be so full, it must be so hard to hold it...»

He looked into my eyes, and I could see from the panic there that he was truly about to lose it. He could not stand still, twisting and bending in a desperate attempt to delay the inevitable. He was holding tight onto the doorknob as if he could somehow will it to open. I realized it must be extra torture, to be mere inches from the toilet but unable to use it.

«Please let me hold myself,» he begged.

«No.»

«I'm gonna piss, Liz...»

«Mmm, you have to go so bad, don't you?» I pushed my body against his, his dick now sandwiched between us, pointing straight upwards. Another squirt of urine escaped him, soaking into the front of my blouse. «You're gonna piss all over yourself, aren't you? You just can't hold it anymore...»

«I can't, I can't...» A longer burst shot out this time, almost two seconds long before he was able to stem the flow, shooting upwards and soaking both our shirts. It was followed almost immediately by another. Mike groaned and squirmed, but my body pinned him against the door and he was unable to change position.

«Yeah, you're gonna piss everywhere,» I whispered in his ear.

«It's coming, Liz, I can't hold it--»

I pressed harder into him and he moaned gutturally and whimpered, and I felt a sudden rush of heat against my stomach as his bladder finally let go. His piss shot upwards with amazing force, splattering against my chest and pouring back down to the floor below. Waves and waves of steaming urine burst uncontrollably out of him, all that beer that had been trapped inside his poor, strained bladder, not just from today but from the night before; all the squirming, clenching, jiggling finally made futile by this desperate loss of control. His piss flowed endlessly, hissing loudly, pooling around our feet.

I could not believe he had so much inside him. He was leaning against me, eyes closed, his body limp, panting and groaning in relief. If I had let go, we'd have both fallen backwards. His legs were trembling from the force of his release. Still he pissed, the tides inside him gushing out, spreading all the way down the hall to soak into the bedroom carpet. I had never seen anyone void so much. Finally, over a minute later, his stream began to slow, trickling out quietly until nothing more came from his dick. He breathed hard, pushing himself back up. His face was damp and flushed. His cock bobbed hard against my stomach, hot and wet from his piss.

«Jesus Christ,» he mumbled.

I couldn't stand it any longer-- I was so hot from this display that I could barely think straight, and my panties were absolutely soaked. I quickly tore them off and before he could say another word, I lowered myself onto his swollen dick. He moaned again and began to fuck me hard, both of us soaked in his desperate piss. He knew now that he was the one in control, that he could do whatever he wanted for these next few hours as a reward for playing my piss games. He looked at me with eyes half-lidded, full of a primal lust. I knew that whatever I was in for, it would sure be interesting!

