Tracy's Tale

14th March 2010, 07:52 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

This story is a prequel one of my other stories, Carol's Surprise. It would be helpful to read that story before reading this one. Both stories involve male/female watersports.

###

Tracy Smith couldn't help but laugh as she talked to her friend Carol Martinez on the phone. Carol was Tracy's best friend, despite some obvious differences between the two girls. Carol was a Latina who was raised by her mom; her dad had died when she was just a toddler. Tracy on the other hand lived with both of her parents. Carol was an only child, and lived in a middle class neighborhood. Tracy's family was very wealthy, and she had an older brother. Carol and her mother were very close, while Tracy's parents were cold and distant. Despite the fact Tracy did not want for anything, she envied Carol's life.

The two friends, of course, also had a lot in common. Both were seniors at the same high school. Both had been on the cheerleading squad together since junior high. Both were absolutely gorgeous girls. Carol had long, straight black hair, big, beautiful brown eyes, a nose that turned up just slightly at the tip, a slim waist, and, drawing most of the attention, was a large set of tits and a tremendously tight ass. Tracy was just as beautiful, with her long, blonde hair, blue eyes, amazing smile, a smaller (but by no means small) set of very firm tits, and an equally tight ass. One other thing in common - they had a reputation as the campus sluts.

This reputation, in fact, was well earned. It had started when Carol's mom, whom Tracy preferred to her own mother, had given Carol the go ahead to fully explore her sexuality. Tracy decided that she would help her best friend out in her explorations. Her reasons were three fold: one, the two friends did just about everything together; two, it sounded like a lot of fun; and three, Tracy knew that her antics and reputation would get back to her parents, and there was nothing she like more than pissing off her parents.

Their first experiments were conducted on each other; they were, after all, best friends. They loved the sight of each other's bodies, the softness of each other's breasts, and the taste of each other's pussies. They certainly didn't want their experiments to stop at lesbianism, however. Soon they starting experimenting with boys, always putting out on the first date, and willing to try whatever their date wanted. There wasn't much they hadn't tried. They had become experts at giving blow jobs, had fucked their dates in a variety of positions, enjoyed anal sex, and had tried some light bondage. At some of the parties they had attended they had each taken on three or four guys at once - in front of everyone else. They had also been caught making love to each other in the locker room by a fellow cheerleader, and Carol had been caught by a teacher giving the starting quarterback a blow job under the bleachers.

Their antics, which also included flashing both students and teachers (at least the ones they thought would appreciate such gestures), had often got them in trouble. Carol's mom was understanding, figuring that her daughter was only young once, and should take full advantage of her youth. Tracy's parents, however, were always scandalized when they were informed of their daughter's indiscretions. «We Smiths have a name and reputation to uphold,» her father would always roar. «You're never allowed to hang around with that wet back whore friend of yours again!» Her father's racism was just one of the many traits Tracy hated about the man.

Her mother was equally annoying. «Why can't you be like Jack?» she would inquire. Jack was Tracy's older brother, now attending college at the University of New Mexico. Jack was considered a model son by their parents, while Tracy had always been labeled the problem child. Tracy new the truth - that Jack liked to party as much as anybody - but he had always hid that side from their parents, appearing on the surface to be the ideal son. Tracy knew it was partly to get their parents' attention. Jack hoped that by being the perfect son he might get some of the affection he had always craved from his absentee parents. Tracy, obviously, had tried other methods of getting their attention. In the end, their father still cared more about his business meetings, their mother about her social gatherings, and both of them about their reputations, than they did about Tracy and Jack.

Despite constantly being compared to her brother, Tracy was close to Jack. She did miss him now that he was away at college, but, as of this past weekend, she was happy that he was at UNM. A recent trip to that school to visit her brother had ended up introducing her to a new sexual kink: golden showers. At the time, it gave her a step up on Carol, as it was something that Carol hadn't tried before. Tracy had known at the time, however, that it was only a matter of time before her and Carol were even again. Neither friend ever wanted the other one to one up her on sexual experiences.

Tracy continued to chuckle while talking to Carol. It wasn't the fact that Carol had now tried golden showers that amazed and amused Tracy, it was the fact that Carol had been able to find a willing participant so quickly.

«So who was the lucky guy?» asked Tracy.

«Bob Watson,» replied Carol.

«Of course!» thought Tracy. Bob was the type of guy who would do anything to get laid. Obviously this included either pissing on Carol or getting pissed on; possibly both.

«I should have guessed,» said Tracy. «Now give me the details.»

As Carol started to tell Tracy about her and Bob, Tracy's mind wandered to a different phone call, one the sexy blonde had made to Carol on Sunday night:

«Hey Trace, how was the trip?» Carol had answered. «Did you get a chance to fuck any of Jack's college friends?»

«Of course!» answered Tracy. «And now I've tried something you haven't yet!»

«So now it's your turn to throw down the gauntlet!» Carol joked. «So what do I have to do now? You know I can't let you beat me!»

«Let me tell the story.» responded Tracy. «As you know, Dad had business in Albuquerque. Since he isn't familiar with that area, he asked Jack to show him around. Mom has some friends there, so she planned to spend some time with them. I knew that neither of them wanted me tagging along, so I told them I would stay in Jack's room and watch some tube or go on his computer.»

«Jack's room at the frat house!» Carol exclaimed. «I can't imagine your dad letting you stay by yourself for most of a day at a frat house. He'd be worried that you would ruin the family name - again!»

«Jack told my dad that nothing would happen. Apparently he had threatened all of his frat brothers to leave me alone. He had apparently invoked that 'bro's before ho's' bullshit!»

«I hate that shit!» Carol cried. «If it's 'bro's before ho's', they should have their 'bro' suck their dick for them! Still, I can't see every one of those frat boys keeping their hands off of you just because Jack told them to.»

«Neither could Jack,» Tracy responded. «So he assigned his best friend, a real hottie named Mike to look after me. Carol, the guy was about 6-4, had this jet black hair, was obviously an athlete, and just melted me with his smile. Gorgeous. Jack told my dad that he would trust Mike with his life. Jack really trusted the guy not to touch his little sister.»

«Let me guess. After Jack and your parents left, you and Mike were all over each other.»

«Not at all. He wouldn't even really look at me. I bent down in front of him to pick something up, giving him a clear shot of my tits inside my blouse. He turned away. I sat down and opened my legs enough to give him a clear shot of my pussy, «Basic Instinct» style. He wouldn't even look at me. I tried grinding up against him, he would move away. This guy really is loyal to Jack.»

«So how did you fuck him?» Carol inquired. «Or was it someone else?»

«No, it was him,» responded Tracy. «After trying everything I could think of, I asked him what it would take to get him to fuck me. 'I can't do that, I'm Jack's friend and brother' was his reply. I offered him whatever fantasy he wanted. I told him that he could tie me up, or I could tie him up, that he could tittie fuck me, fuck me in the ass, bring in another frat brother, bring in another girl, whatever he wanted. He hesitated, almost asked me for something, then stopped.»

«Did you convince him to tell you want he wanted?»

«Yeah, finally. I told him that no matter what I wouldn't tell Jack or any of his frat brothers what he wanted me to do if he would just tell me. I let him know that I wouldn't think of him as a perv, as I had done some pretty wild stuff myself, especially for a senior in high school. I mean, c'mon Carol, I'm not going to visit a college campus and come away without fucking some college guy!»

«He obviously told you, eventually,» said Carol. «So what was it?»

«He told me, 'OK, fine! If you don't want to do it, just say so. Just please don't tell Jack, your folks, or any of the guys about this. I want to see you, uh, I want to see you take a piss!'»

Carol spurted out the Coke she had just started to drink. «He what! He wanted to see you piss! Are you serious! What the fuck did you do?»

«Yeah, I know, I was kind of weirded out too,» Tracy replied. «Still, like I said, I wasn't going to leave until I had fucked a college guy, and I figured there was no harm done if he wanted to watch me pee. So I said 'Sure! Follow the me to the bathroom.' He came in right after me.»

«So you just sat on the toilet and let him watch you pee?»

«That was my initial intention,» said Tracy. «But when I went to sit down, he pointed at the shower, and asked me to piss in there.»

«The shower!»

«Yeah, so I took of my clothes, and he took off of his. His dick was already pretty hard, at first I thought it was because of my naked body, but now I think it was in anticipation of watching me piss. I stood against one wall and he stood on the opposite side, his dick in his hand. I tried to piss, but couldn't. He softly told me 'Just close your eyes. Relax. Imagine you are sitting on the toilet.' And you know what? It worked. A few seconds later I was pissing. Right after I started I opened my eyes. He was staring at my piss stream. Then, still holding and stroking his dick, he stepped forward and placed his dick in the stream!»

«So he wanted you to piss on his dick! Oh my god, that's disgusting!»

«You would think so, but he was so turned on by it that it got me hot. I reached forward and replaced the hand he was using to stroke his cock with my own - while I was still pissing! I have to admit, that the feeling of my hot piss on my hand while giving this guy a hand job felt awesome! A few seconds later he started to finger me. Piss was squirting everywhere! You might think it was gross, but it was the horniest thing I have ever experienced!»

Tracy's description of the events in the shower had caused Carol to have a change of heart. Instead of finding the idea disgusting, as she originally had, Carol was now getting turned on. She reached her hands inside of the sweatpants and panties she was wearing, and started to massage her clit with her finger. She didn't want to speak anymore, just listen as Tracy continued her tale.

«I started to passionately kiss him as he was fingering me, my hand still stroking his dick. I was so turned on that it didn't take me long to cum. As I was cumming he gently removed my hand from his cock. I don't think he wanted to cum yet.

«After I came off of my orgasm he turned me around in the shower. I leaned up against the shower wall for support, my ass and pussy right in front of his dick. I guess that he had lost some of his hard-on, because he started to piss on my clit. God, Carol, it was electric! He pissed for about 10 seconds on my clit, and the sensation almost made me cum again! The next thing that I know he is ramming is cock into my pussy as hard and fast as he can! I came almost immediately! I knew he was about to cum to, and I didn't want him to cum in my pussy without a condom on, so pulled myself away from him, turned around, grabbed his dick, and started sucking him as hard as I could. The next thing you know, I felt his hot cum on the back of my throat!»

«Holy shit, Trace, that was hot!» Carol exclaimed, still fingering her pussy.

«It didn't stop there,» Tracy replied. «After he came I was still turned on by everything we had done, all of the pissing and fucking. Still kneeling in front of him on the shower floor, I grabbed his dick, and asked him if he had any more piss left. He looked like he had just won the fucking lottery! It took a few seconds, but a strong stream of piss came shooting out of his dick. I aimed it all over my body. You wouldn't believe how good it feels to have a jet of hot piss soaking you tits! I was rubbing it all over my tits and body. When his stream started to lose strength I got another naughty idea, and aimed it at my face. It felt so hot as it wet my hair and ran down my face. Some ran into my mouth and I had a taste. It doesn't taste bad at all! A little salty, but not bad. I opened my mouth and drank the remainder of his piss.»

Carol, at this point, was on the verge of cumming. Inspired by Tracy's story, she started to piss. The piss hit her hand, soaked her panties and sweat pants, and started to puddle on the chair she was sitting on. Carol couldn't believe how turned on she was by the feeling of the hot piss running through her fingers and puddling at her ass. The sensation pushed her over the edge, and she began to cum.

Tracy could hear the moans over the phone. She started to giggle. Just a few minutes before Carol was telling her how disgusting it was for her to piss on Mike's dick, now here she was getting off to the story. «It's not so disgusting as you first though, huh?» Tracy asked.

«Oh my god, that sounds so hot. I have got to try that! First, though, I have to find a way to clean this chair before mom comes home. I just pissed all over it!»

«Good luck finding a guy that will let you piss on him!» replied Tracy. «And shit, I didn't expect you to piss yourself! I haven't tried that yet! I bet it feels good!»

Tracy's mind returned to the current conversation she was having with Carol, and the description of Carol's experience with Bob Watson. Tracy was about to cum herself, and knew that she would be wetting herself as well. «You know, Carol, we've got to get together and have some wet fun with each other soon!»

«I agree, Trace. Does next weekend work for you?»

