2 girls, some pee, and a delivery guy - the view on our side of the fence

1st July 2012, 05:10 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Unfortunately, I need to sign off of here for a while. But first, I wanted to give something back to this wonderful community. This is a story of something that happened on a Saturday morning, just a few weeks ago - so it's very fresh in my mind. Get comfortable, and enjoy! You may want to have some tissues handy, because this still makes me horny when I think about it.

After eating breakfast, we rolled right outside with our coffee - sunbathing in our birthday suits on pool chairs, sipping on our travel mugs of coffee. Wonderful. My house is on 5 acres, tucked back in the woods, with a very long driveway, surrounded by even more woods, and in our backyard we have a private fenced-in area with a deck, pool, and hot tub where no one can see us - unless they try really hard. So the privacy of our backyard allows us to spend a lot of time out there nude - sunbathing, swimming, and even engaging in various types of sex play alone or with each other.

This particular morning, we had been looking forward to some pee play. So after the coffee woke us up, we started forcing fluids to get our bladders to fill up with sweet, diluted, pee. Once we were ready, we transitioned over to our normal area next to the pool - onto some pool floats laid out where we could have fun. I got on the bottom, and with Kerry on top, we locked ourselves into a very comfortable 69 position. Although we often end up using a variety of toys on each other, we generally like to start this way to ease ourselves into it. I'm in my 20s and married, but I'm also actively bisexual (in a long-term, committed relationship with my girlfriend, Kerry, who lives with us). Kerry is also in her 20s and we're both very fit from running, hiking, etc. My husband enjoys some pee play, but he mostly does it for my satisfaction. But Kerry and I do it a lot.

We do what I've named "Shower Style Masturbation" and "Shower Style Sex," where we force fluids ahead of time until we're peeing high volumes of diluted pee, and then we masturbate or have sex with a full bladder, releasing our bladders in conjunction with our orgasms. The feeling of releasing both your pee and climax at the same timewhoait's AHHHH-MAZING. And that's exactly what we had planned!

After more than 15 years of having sex with other girls, there's still nothing quite like 69ing. It's just so beautiful to lay there with a cleanly shaven pussy an inch from your face, while you're also getting pleasured. Kerry and I started slowly with each other, sensing each other's cues as we'd tease each other and licking up and down our smooth labia. She really knows how to get me wet!

Just about a minute after we had started 69ing, I heard a noiselike someone was knocking. This is one of those moments when it's helpful to remember that your husband is having a new laptop delivered for workand that they won't just leave something like that without a signature. The young FedEx guy had probably rang the doorbell first, but we couldn't hear it over the music we had playing. He obviously knew we were home, and thought he was doing us a favor by walking back to knock on the fence and get our attention. We have a 6-foot fence, with even taller evergreen shrubs all around itbut if you squeeze between two of them, you could see into the pool area through a couple of the boards (you COULDwe got it fixed). The poor guy walked back and knocked on the fence to get our attentionand then suddenly realized what was happening on the other side of it.

I stopped for just a second, but couldn't hear anything now over the music. And Kerry's thighs against my head didn't help. Plus her licking was quite distracting! So I figured it must have been a woodpecker or something, and went back to work on her sweet pussy. After a few minutes of teasing each other, I couldn't take much more of it and I spread her lips apart and started to lick her clit. I had been really taking my time with her, but was sucking on her clit now pretty good - and she was doing the same to me.

I was trying to hold back my orgasm as long as I could. But I could tell that she was getting close to climaxing too, because she'd stop licking me for a second and grind down into my face. I had my two hands holding onto her tight little butt cheeks, pulling her nether regions open for my fun. She was getting so wetand so closeand I knew just how to push her over the edge. I slipped my right fingers down her butt cheek just a little further and slipped one finger into her puckered little back hole as I shoved two others into her pussyand then, started licking her clit as hard as I could. She followed my lead and as I felt her fingers fill me, I moaned loudly and almost lost it. Let this lastjustafewmoreseconds.

She climaxed first, her body tensing up as she grunted out and released her bladder as the first wave of her orgasm overtook her. I tried to keep my attention focused on her clit as long as I could, so the first spurt of pee went all over me. But I knew the next one would be bigger, so I opened my mouth and tried to catch as much as I could. It was so hotand there was so muchjust spraying into my mouth. Somehow, she was still probing her fingers into me at the same time. And I just couldn't hold back any longer, and released my bladder in conjunction with the most powerful orgasm I'd had in a while.

As we came down from our orgasms, we let the last bit of our bladders just leak out onto each other. My face, neck, and hair were all soaked in her peeand I absolutely loved it!!! We laid there for a minute, bringing each other down by slowly licking up and down our labia - until Kerry rolled off next to me. Just then, I heard another noiselike an animal in the bushes or something. But I figured it was probably just a squirrel.

We laid down next to each other for about a minute and started kissing each other lightly. Very few things turn me on more than seeing Kerry's face all covered in my wetness.

And then we both clearly heard the doorbell ring. We stopped, but didn't move. After all, we're not teenagers anymore sneaking around in secret, so there was no sense in jumping up. Plus, I was certainly not about to get up and take the time to search out some clothing if it was just a sales guy. But the doorbell rang again, so I told Kerry that I'd take care of it so she could hang out and wait for me to returnand she laid back under the sun with a huge smile on her face. It took me a minute to find a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt in my room, and as I slipped the t-shirt over my bare chest I was reminded of how soaking wet my hair waswith pee. Oh well, it could be pool water I suppose.

I opened the door to see a guy in his 20s wearing his little black FedEx uniform. I said hi like there was nothing going on. And he responded back, stuttering like he was nervous, "III'm sorry, ma'am. Sorry to bother you. I just needed to get a signature for this."

It was at this point that I got very self-conscious, wondering if my nipples were showing! Or maybe my pee-soaked hair was more obvious than I thought...? But I looked up at him, and saw that he was all sweaty - and the box had grass clippings on it, and wet spots from sweat. Whatever. I was horny and wanted to get back to Kerry, so I signed for the box, and thanked him. He nervously said something about how he had to go because he was running lateI was likeok?!?! As I looked up, I noticed a stain on his pants just below his crotchand then he quickly walked away, almost running.

Wait a minutea stain on his pantshis sweating browgrass on the boxso after he drove away, I walked over to the fence. And sure enough, the marks from his shoes in the grass, the clear view of Kerry through the fence, and some other "evidence" left behind (yes, his cum) confirmed that he had been watching us the entire time! AND he masturbated while he watched us! I didn't get upset about it though, because it's not like he went back there with the intention of watching usand when he saw us, how could we NOT expect him to have that kind of reaction?!?! With no chance that anyone could see him back there, I would have done the exact same thing!

Ever since, I've wondered how he reacted when we not only orgasmedbut then peed all over each other?!?! He certainly knew that my hair wasn't wet from pool water! And does he ever drive by our house now, and wonder what could be going on back there?!?! Chances are good that his fantasies would be correct. So if a few years go by and you see a story on here that reminds you of this oneit may just be the view from the other side of the fence!

