A cabin by a lake in Finland with T and K.

10th August 2011, 11:34 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Hi folks.

Been a little while again since I last wrote anything, sorry but we have been very busy of late travelling.

T and I have just returned back from Finland where we have been busy with our new apartment in Tampere. We now share our time living in Finland and here in the UK.

If you have been following our adventures you will recall that T has a friend called K, well, we met up with K again recently and we had a really good weekend together in a log cabin by a lake.

I had never had a sauna and then run out into an open space and jumped right into a cool lake, it was a bit of a shock to the system I can tell you, but it was enjoyable nevertheless.

We met K on the Friday afternoon from where she works in Tampere, and then we drove to the lake and got ourselves settled in at the log cabin. It was really clean and very well decorated. T and I had the large bedroom and K chose the smaller one facing the lake, although her room was not much smaller than ours really.

The two girls decided after a glass or two of wine that they wanted a sauna, so I joined them. Now bearing in mind that both T and K are both natives and are quite used to saunas, where as I am not. I found it rather hot at first but soon it felt ok and I started to enjoy the heat.

We had no towels around us so we were all naked and I started to play with their lovely breasts and nipples, I was getting quite hard and K got hold of me and begun to play with me. Before it got too hard I said that I was going for a pee.

T said pee here in the sauna for us. So I stood up between them and started to have a piss. I aimed it at T first and it went all over her breasts and splashed over her face. Then I aimed my cock at K and she opened her legs and lifted them onto the seat and I pissed all over her tummy and pussy. When I had finished K got hold of me and put my cock in her mouth and sucked what was left out.

I sat back down between them both and had my hands between their legs teasing their clits and I could feel that their vaginas were now quite moist.

T asked me to lie down on the floor, which I did. Then they both got up and straddled my head. They were facing one another and both of them started to piss all over my face and chest. It was great looking up (when I could see) in between both their legs and watching the piss come out, and hearing both of them making that lovely hissing sound really turned me on.

I slid my hands up both the inside of their legs and played with their piss, it was splashing everywhere. It felt so warm and nice to feel it running through my fingers. Then K squatted right down close to my mouth and squirted her last little drops down into it. I sucked and licked every last drop that she wanted to give. I then sucked and licked T until she had no more to give. By the time that they had finished pissing I had drunk quite a lot and it tasted so nice.

We sat there for a while longer just talking and laughing. Then we ran straight out of the cabin and into the cool lake, sheesh, it felt cold, a shock to the system at first I might add, lol. But it did feel good. We played around in the lake for about ten minutes then we went back inside the cabin and opened another bottle of wine.

About 7.30pm it was decided that we would go out for something to eat. So we all dressed and walked to a nice restaurant on the edge of a little town not far away. The meal was traditional fare and the food was excellent. The two girls paid the bill and we left to return to the cabin.

Whilst at the dinner table the talk was of things in general at first, but it soon turned to other things. T said that both she and K were going to fuck me silly when we got back to the cabin, I just teased them and said that I was too tired and had a headache!

Whilst we were walking back to the cabin from the restaurant T said something to K that I did not quite hear, I said what are you two planning, they both laughed and said, nothing, why! Mmmm, I knew that I was in for something, but as to what I had no idea, but I was to find out soon enough, lol.

From the time that we had arrived I could not recall either of them visiting the bathroom, not once, not even whilst we were in the restaurant. The only time they peed was whilst we were all in the sauna, so I kind of knew what I was in for later after all that had been drunk, and not all of it was alcohol! I was also determined to hold on for later. A piss fight was looming I knew, lol. However, what I did not expect was to be stripped naked on a path in the woods when we were halfway back! I put up as much resistance as possible to keep my clothes on (and if you believe that then you believe anything ^_^).

I then ran after T and wrestled her to the ground and begun to strip her clothes off, that was not so difficult as she kind of helped me by moving herself around to make it easy. I then got hold of K and started to strip her naked, not much resistance there either, lol.

So there we all were naked with our clothes in our hands walking along the path with about another half a mile left until we reached the cabin. We walked along slapping each others butts and we were laughing aloud at our silly antics. K had even put her pink panties over my head.

Now in most other countries if you see anyone on the path one would run for cover, but oh no, not here in this part where we were, nudism is just accepted as naturally as drinking water. Yes you guessed it; I saw some 50 yards ahead some other people walking toward us on the path. A couple of them wore clothes but most did not. There were two families, about nine in all, they were of all ages. The two girls (T and K) just carried on walking with me in between. I kinda wanted to put something on as I felt a tiny bit uncomfortable it being the first time that I had gone naked in public, it was my typical English reserve I guess, lol. But I did not give in and as we passed on the path we all said hello to one another. It actually felt quite exhilarating.

We rounded a bend in the path and I saw the cabin some one hundred yard ahead, I recall thinking what a good time we were all going to have in that cosy place. Wrong!

Both T and K grabbed my hands and I dropped some of my clothes as they did so. Before I knew what was happening I was up against a tree with T kneeling down in front of me sucking my cock. K was kissing me with my head turned sideways and she was ramming her tongue inside my mouth. She then said quite loudly, are you going to give us both a good fucking like you did in Spain! Speechless, yes I was. I just let them do what they wanted and went along with it, enjoying the moments that we were sharing.

I looked down at them; they were now kneeling, sharing me with their hands, tongues and open lips, licking and sucking at my now stiff manhood. I did not want this to end as it felt so good, was a thought that passed through my mind at some point.

We must have been there no less than five minutes enjoying ourselves when T got up from her knees and begun to kiss me. I realised at one stage that I did want to pee quite badly, but I was so determined to hang for as long as I possibly could, even if it did get a little painful at times holding it.

K stopped what she was doing, she put her skirt on the floor and lay on top of it with her legs wide open, and she was inviting me to sit opposite her. T lay down beside her and they had one leg over the top of one another's, T's left leg was over K's right leg. They were now both half sitting and half lying with their lovely juicy pussies facing me. They both started to pee at the same time; it was coming hard and fast straight at me. I held my cock and started to wave it about aiming my piss at both of their faces and then down to their pussies. K then stopped, she then stood up and squatted right over me and finished pissing right into my mouth.

T was now sucking at my cock making it hard, that did not take much I might add as I was feeling more than a little horny by now. I was licking K's lovely wet juicy cunt when T said, give K a good fucking. K got up and placed one leg each side of my cock and lowered herself slowly down until she felt me enter her, T guided my cock until it was most of the way into K's vagina. Then T straddled and squatted onto my head and placed her wet cunt over my mouth.

This was pure heaven. K was fucking my cock and I was licking and sucking at T's lovely clitoris and her juicy pussy. At one point I almost cum, but with difficulty I did manage to stop myself as I was not going to bring this to a quick conclusion, well, would any of you? lol.

K begun to groan, quiet at first, then her groans got louder and louder. She was pushing herself down as hard and as far as she could onto me, one of her hands was reaching behind her and it was playing with my balls. Then she said I'm going to cum all over your cock and with a very loud groan and moaning noise she let out a long loud groan that came from deep within her, her noise seemed to go on for ages, but I did not care at this point as I still had my tongue dancing in and out of T's wet vagina. Then T 's arms started to shake, she was rubbing her groin all over my mouth a little harder, I knew she was about to cum. She begun to shake all over and I was waiting to taste all her beautiful juices that flowed from with her. I sucked as hard as I could and got every last drop that I could, it tasted really nice, so thick and creamy.

I looked around and saw that we were only about twenty yards from the path and in a quite open area. I have no idea if anyone passed and saw us, I did not really care either.

T lifted herself from me as did K. I had a part erection that was being saved for later in the cabin. After all, I still really enjoyed fucking T even after all these months. Those that have seen her picture will know why I still enjoy her so much!

We sat in the cabin drinking wine and talking until late that night and went to bed sometime after midnight.

The next morning I was the first one to arise. T was still sound asleep, although K had her own room she slept in our bed, and boy does she snore, lol.

Around 09.30am I took them in a cup of coffee. I placed the cups on one side of the bed and went to the bottom and slid my hands up inside the Duvet and started to tickle each of their feet, which woke them both up very quickly.

I then went and had a shower. I was just about to dry myself when K came in the bathroom and had a pee, she asked me if I would give her a shower, to which I said yes I would. She got in the warm shower and I was washing under her breasts when T came in. T then had a pee and got in with us so I showered her as well, although they did wash their hair alone whilst I dried myself and made another cup of coffee for us all.

We all sat in the main room naked for a while when they both got up and made something to eat. Whilst eating our breakfast we were deciding what to do that day. As it was another very warm day we decided to go for a walk and then come back and have a sauna and a dip in the cool lake.

By 11.00am we had left the cabin and were walking in the woods, the sun was shining and it was getting quite hot even though there was a lot of tree cover. I was getting too hot so I took my tee shirt off, then T took her top off, K kept hers on for a while longer then she stopped and took it off as well as her bra, then she took off her jeans and was now just wearing her panties

.

By about 12.30 we were all stripped off naked and enjoying our walk, I have to admit that it did feel great, but I could not take my eyes off of their butts and it was making me feel very horny. We had drank plenty of water before we left the cabin and had also taken 1 ltr bottle each with us, these were now virtually empty.

We sat by a smallish lake and rested for a while in the heat of the day. We decided to go for a dip to cool ourselves down a little before we continued our walk back. We played around for a while and splashed one another. T then said to me I need a pee, are you thirsty, I laughed and said I am always thirsty.

We all got out of the water and sat on the little bank. T came over to me and I was sitting up with my hands resting behind me on the floor. She walked right up and was almost touching my mouth. I put my hands round behind her butt and she started to dribble and I opened my mouth waiting for the gush and that lovely hissing sound, man I just love to hear that noise when it is so close. Then it came, gushing out of her and straight into my mouth, the noise was incredible, I drunk as much as I possibly could, when she had finished I licked and sucked every single last drop that was to be had.

I then asked K if she wanted to piss in my mouth, she said yes she could pee a little. I stayed where I was and she came over to me and stood in the same place where T had stood. I put my hands up and opened her vulva exposing her inside for me to see. A little trickle then that oh so lovely noise, the loud hiss, and then all her piss going right into my mouth, I slid my hands round to her butt and pulled her toward me so that we were now touching, there was not one centimetre of space between her vulva and my mouth. I drank almost all of what she pissed and I felt really full inside.

We then went for another swim for about five minutes to get cleaned up as best we could and then continued the walk back to the cabin; we were laughing and playing around for the rest of the walk.

Upon our return we all went into the shower and cleaned ourselves up and then went straight into the sauna. I sat between them and I had an erection that felt so hard. I asked them who wanted to be fucked first.

K lay down and opened her legs so I got on top and entered her wet juicy cunt. We were not fucking for that long when she started to groan louder and louder, then with a rally loud groan she had cum all over my cock. I was still sliding in and out of her very slowly until she came back down to normality again. I then slid myself off and turned to T who was lying down with her legs open playing with herself.

I slid my hand up over her lovely breasts and played with her nipples then slowly I let my hand go down to her clitoris. She was so wet, my fingers just slid inside her soaking vagina so easily. I got on top of her and entered her and begun to slide my shaft very gently and slowly in and out of her vagina. She wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled herself as close as she could into me. I then lifted her legs one each side of her head and we were now fucking really hard and fast, I was about to explode inside her and she started to quiver, her legs and arms were shaking so much in spasms. We both cum at the same time and it was explosive and so intense.

The heat of the sauna was making us all sweat it was pouring off of us. So we ran out to the lake and just jumped right in, yes it was cold at first, but after a few seconds it felt so nice and cool.

The remainder of that day was a laugh and we had another pee game in the bathroom later that evening before K left to go home. All in all it was a great weekend with both T and K, it was good to see and enjoy her again.

T and I returned to the UK two days later. We continually have a lot of fun and experience new things together. We have met this other couple in the UK. We have all spent some great evening out together. They are very open and we have talked a lot about all our sexual experiences and what we each like. They have said that they would like to try water sports. So we suggested that they try it together first to see if they enjoy it.

Well, they have now tried it for a few weeks and they have said that it is fun and they enjoy it. We have all been out together a couple of times since and it has been suggested that we all try it together. It seems that we are all in agreement that it shall take place.

One of the questions that was asked was how far are each one of us is prepared to go with this. The other couple whose initials are P and N have said that they would like to spend a weekend together with us and try the water sports and if we all agree they would like to have sex with us also.

T and I have both discussed this at length and we have both decided that this is OK with us. In any case T quite likes P and I really like N, they are a really sexy looking couple some 12 years younger than us. So this coming weekend (13/14th) we have booked two rooms in a Hotel at a coastal resort.

Do you whish to know what happened, just let us know if you do. By the way T says hello and thank you for the kind comments on her posting a while ago.

