The Fantasy

10th January 2014, 06:43 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

A work of fiction based on some fact. (I have seen both of these women wet their panties on more than one occasion, and have wet myself in their presence too.)

Tonya called me yesterday and said she needed some help with some fencing that was down from a storm. I gathered up my tools and met her at the farm. Her oldest daughter was with her. Chastity just turned 18 and is a nice looking girl but, like her mother, country as cow shit.

Tonya had on jeans but Chastity had on a loose fitting cotton dress that hung just below her knees. It was one of those that just pulls over your head and makes a comfortable outfit to work around in. To my delight it was thin enough to see through when she was standing in the sun just right and I was enjoying the view. I could also tell she was wearing full white panties like her mother always wears. She wasn't really dressed for fencing and was more or less just hanging out with us. She handed us tools and held a post sometimes but mostly just kept us company.

After we fixed the part we knew was down we decided we should check the rest of the fence while we were into it. We made our way around the fence line repairing as necessary and just generally enjoying the day. The line ran in open fields mostly. We had brought plenty of water with us and had been drinking most of the afternoon. It was no surprise when Tonya announced she needed to pee. Chastity grunted and nodded her head in agreement. She then asked Tonya if we could go swimming in the pond when we finished.

They have a small spring fed pond in the corner of one pasture near where we would finish up. Instantly my ears perked up. I knew this would end with me seeing them both in wet underwear. Remember, I have been with them off and on all their lives and have swam with them often. «I think that would be a wonderful idea» Tonya said. I heartily agreed. With that, Chastity spread her legs saying, «That's all I needed to hear». Suddenly a torrent of pee cascaded from under her dress. To my surprise Tonya just laughed. «I knew that's what you were thinking» she said to Chastity. «Like mother, like daughter» she laughed. Looking at me Tonya said «Might as well join her. Don't you think»? With that she began pissing into her own pants.

I couldn't pass up a chance like this. I needed to go pretty bad anyway and it took no prodding to let loose in my pants. There I stood watching two beautiful women soaking their panties and watching me do the same. As I watched them I felt my own piss soaking into my underwear and began running down my legs into my boots. Chastity finished first and wiggled her butt to shake any remaining drops away. By the time Tonya was done she, like me, was soaked to the bottoms of her pants. She laughed and committed, «my toes are even squishy.»

My toes were squishy too and I loved it. The feeling of wet underwear and wet socks and the site of two very wet women had me hard as could be by the time I had finished pissing. This didn't go unnoticed by the girls. I doubt Tonya would have said anything but Chastity pointed at my bulge and said. «Look mama, he's one of us». Tonya looked at me with sort of a mischievous smile and said, «I have known that for quite awhile honey.» «Mama» Chastity said in a scolding voice. She then burst into laughter. To be continued….

