Morgan

1st January 2020, 07:34 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Morgan

###

(This story contains female desperation, incontinence, wetting, body odor, and lesbian sex themes. If you are into all that (), please continue. As with all my stories, much of it is based on my real life experiences and fantasies and I love sharing them here. -xo Jess)

So as many in here know, I have been into wetting since I was young. I developed moderate urge incontinence in my mid 20s and it has affected me in ways I could never imagine. My 'thing' for pee and peeing never seemed to go away, even under the most embarrassing circumstances. I always find a way to bring the experience back to earth and make it pleasurable when I can put myself in that headspace, and just relax. Pee is a prominent part of my life, and as I get older, I find more subtle things in the experience that I find more erotic and intimate. Having an accident, peeing myself on purpose, or trying to self-shower...all of these things can be a source of emotional energy for me. All of 'this' still remained a very private part of my life, as my past partners never liked it...But I had an experience I will never forget, and it may change my whole life.

It was a balmy late-spring day. I had the windows open. Birds already were filling my ears. I was excited to have another day off. The stress of real life just becomes so depressing, and after 5 days off, I was starting to forget about all the daily responsibilities I had. I wanted to walk on the nature trail. I was still in bed, smelling the sweet morning air through the windows, and there was also a very organic smell under my sheets, and I had realized that I hadn't showered in a few days. I was so busy and passionate about having time off, and I just embedded myself in my art and walking on the nature trails, so showering was not a priority. I had woken up early and I hadn't barely stepped out of bed before I felt the urge to go. I normally have a little bit of leeway to make it to the bathroom, but today the urge was one of the bad ones.

I was only in a nightgown, panties and no bra. An accident would be pretty bad if it were to happen. I barely got 2 steps out of bed and the urges to go were unbearable. I just felt the icy and searing urge to pee and I knew I wouldn't make it. Within seconds my 'hold' muscles went numb and I had an accident in my panties and it was going all over the floor for about 5 seconds before I could regain some control. I clenched my legs together and just took a deep breath and the leaking started to subside. There was a strong morning pee smell on my body and on the floor. It was sort of hot how it was so smelly. I had many accidents like this, and I was glad I was at home this time. I felt so horny this week.

I was just on the verge of PMSing and I always get really hot right before and I was starting to feel hot that I peed all over the floor. I wanted to play, but I resisted the urge. I got paper towels and cleaner and wiped up my floor and them got into some day old clothes. Changing on leaky days is pointless, as I usually wet again as the day goes on. I normally wear bladder leak underwear, but today I felt free to just go natural, which I prefer.

I actually don't like wearing diapers or pads, but sometimes it is a necessity like on my period or heavier accident days. I had some breakfast and tended to some chores around the house. I was actually fine with just wearing something that wouldn't show the leaks and I could be free to go about my day without pad changes. Old yoga leggings and a t shirt- my default accident clothes. Perfect. I could flood them and they don't show any accidents all day.

After a few hours I had like 2 or 3 more leaks and I was finally drying down there, and I felt brave enough to go for a walk. I wanted to try the new end of the trail near my house. I had never been there before. As I ventured out on the trail the temperature was getting hot. I felt myself sweating in my shirt, my legs, butt and all my naughty areas. I felt like I was wet down there, but it was just me working up a sweat. As I entered this canopy of trees, I smelled the sweet smell of budding leaves and spring flowers in the forest. But I knew I was smelly myself, and I didn't even care. I smelled the slightly sweet smell of my 3 day old hair, the pee in my pants and even my underarms were starting to smell, and I felt 'natural' and comfortable. I started to feel like I could be noticed like this, so I was hoping not to run into anyone before I got back home. Part of me gets turned on from being sort of gross like this. One of my weird kinks, I suppose.

I heard footsteps behind me...getting faster and faster. I didn't turn around until I heard a sweet woman's voice...'hey passing on your left...'. I turned around and it was a 40s-ish woman jogging and I was immediately drawn to her eyes. She had the sweetest brown eyes and soft face...pouty lips and long curly dark brown hair. I caught a smell of her perfume...slightly fruity and flowery, but she also had a musky odor to the air around her. She slowed as I turned and then stopped, and asked me ...' oh have I seen you before?...' I felt myself feeling hot in my face.

All I could say is 'I don't think so...' I then introduced myself. "I'm Jess from 5th street...". She smiled and said "I'm Morgan. I'm from Whispering Pines" In that moment, she started to stare at me in a way that I couldn't believe. Did she know? Do I smell? Did I wet again and she saw it? I started to feel my face get red and hot. She just laughed and said "NIIICE butt girl...I couldn't stop staring at you. I used to have one like that...(laughing). I'm so jealous and I hate you (just kidding)." Her smile was so hot. I felt my insides start to pulse, and my heart was beating faster. I even felt my pussy start to wet and in that moment, something was happening that was surreal. She could tell I was blushing. "Awww-you are blushing..." she said..." that is so cute."

"Do you want to walk together?, she said. I told her "yes."

"Do you have a boyfriend?," she asked. I told her that I'm gay. "Omg...get out. I'm bi, but I prefer women," she said. In that moment, everything in me just forced me to say "I just looked at your butt. It's better than mine, hun. But you have the hottest eyes and lips I've ever seen. Is this a dream? Sorry- I feel like I'm gonna cry...(laugh)." My emotions were really on edge, and I felt myself wanting this woman who I don't even know.

"Awww...it's ok...you're so cute," she said. She hugged me tight and I felt her breasts pressing against mine. I felt my pussy getting wetter and wetter and I started to feel her hands caressing my back, and around and around until she was almost near my butt. I started to move my hands around on her and I had my hand so close to the top of her butt. Her hand then went onto my butt a little and she rubbed. In that moment, Morgan looked at me into my eyes and then just said "will you be offended if I kiss you?" I didn't even reply and I started kissing her. I felt her wet lips and smelled her minty and slightly musky gum breath and she began to grind herself into my pussy and all I could say is "...you are so hot, Morgan..."

"oh my God, Jess...I want to do things with you right now I haven't done with anyone in a long time," Morgan said. "I'm probably really gross, hun," I said. "I had no idea I'd be meeting someone like you, and I am not very 'fresh'...I'm so sorry!!"

"I don't care, hunnie," Morgan said. "That's part of what is getting me so hot...your smell...," she said. "Do you leak sometimes?," she asked. "I did a lot today. I can't help it. I'm sorry," I said. "Oh my...I pee my pants too. I love that...it's so hot. I like how we are both stinky and gross...it is getting me so HOT (laugh). I haven't had a shower all week! (laughs)...!!!"

I started to get dizzy and we started deep kissing again. Her tongue was deep in my mouth. She began to fondle me under my pants and panties. She was navigating the folds of my lips and she was massaging my clit with her fingers. I was getting so wet, and I felt myself having to pee again. I reached into her leggings, and under her panties, and I felt the hairy wetness of her pussy and I was starting to smell her body. She has a strong musky underarm, bottom smell, and urine scent, mixed with fruity perfume. I was getting so hot I felt like I was about to come. "We need to go somewhere now...we can't do this out in the open!!!"

"Where?," I asked. "I know this place..." Morgan said.

She grabbed my hand and we walked off the trail down this hill holding hands. We kept descending until we saw a building. It was a small abandoned shack-like house, dirty and covered in vines. "I've gotten myself off in here before...I know it's weird. Sometimes I get so horny I need to do it and this is so private. I feel so dirty and hidden!," she said.

She opened the creaky door. The smell of woods, soil and dust filled my nose. Out of her backpack, she got out a large towel. The floor was wood, but it was dirty. It was musty and dusty but I didn't care. I knew what was about to happen. I was about to be with this beautiful stranger and it was like nothing I had ever done in my life.

She took off her shirt and she had no bra and I took off mine. Her breasts were so beautiful and her dark pink nipples were pointed out like arrows. We both took off our leggings. She began to fondle my pussy under my panties and I fondled hers. We kissed and kissed and then we crouched down onto the dirty floor of this old shack in the woods. "I am incontinent," I told her. "Awww it's ok hunnie...I can't hold it sometimes too...," she said. She pulled down my panties and and then I pulled down hers. Her hairy triangle was actually glistening with wetness.

"I peed a little. It's ok." Morgan said. I started to go down on her, and the smell of urine, pussy and even her butt smell was strong and I was so hot that her smell was making me want to come. Within seconds we were in 69. She had such a strong urine, musky butt odor and body odor smell down there and it was turning me on. I felt her wet and warm tongue on my pussy and clit and I had an orgasm within a minute.

I began to finger her pussy and bottom and I had her smells all over my finger, hands and I put my fingers up to my nose and then felt myself orgasm again from all of her nature and smell. It was really strong and organic, but I couldn't stop being turned on. I had 2 more orgasms. She came 4 or 5 times and then she asked me if I have to pee. "I can't hold it much longer, hon," I said. "Can I drink from you, hunnie?," Morgan asked. "MMMMM...," I said. I have never had anyone want that from me. I wanted to drink from her also. "Only if I can drink from you, hon," I said.

I put my mouth over the top of her pussy and waited for her to go. She did the same. I felt my bladder loosening and she was taking in my pee...filling her mouth. Within seconds, my mouth was filled with Morgan's warm and strong urine. It was so organic and so amazing. It was just like she smelled. I swallowed her urine and let most of it exit around my lips onto my face. We did this for several minutes and then came several times. When we were done...the old dirty wood floor was soaked.

We had dirt stains on our butts, legs and arms and we just held each other and kissed for what seemed like an hour. Her breath smelled like my pee. I tasted my pee on her lips. We got up, put our clothes back on and walked back onto the trail. I noticed her panties were yellowed and slightly soiled and I could tell she had been peeing them for hours or even days. I couldn't believe this was happening. I just met a lover, and a dream of my lifelong fantasy, and we exchanged numbers and we set up a date for the next day. This was the start of something beautiful. I cried all the way home. I was no longer alone...

