Eveningst at the Diner: Part Two

14th July 2007, 06:15 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Another lone one, but I think you will love it.

Part Two: Kiki Behind the Bar

Kiki smiled as she scooted the five-dollar bill across the bar, into her hand and slipped it into her pocket. She loved evenings like this, when the sea of customers did not stop and the tips kept pouring in. It was a non-stop boost of energetic chaos and Kiki loved it.

She had always been a hyperactive girl, keeping busy with sports and outdoor activities. She was proud of her nearly six-foot-tall physique and athletic body. Unlike some other tomboys her age, she had pretty decent sized breasts, too that were just big enough to impress the boys and were made even firmer by her exercise habits. She kept her soft brown hair tied up most of the time, but this only successfully displayed her slender neck. She was far from girly, but at times she would wear a skirt or dress if she needed to look nice for someone. Or... if it was required for her job.

When she was a teenager, her mother used to say, "Kiki, you're always so busy you can't even stop to pee." This was usually followed by a familiar, but embarassing story about a time when she was playing basketball with her friends. After the game was over, her mother heard her barge into the house and ran to make sure she was okay. She was greeted by the sight of her teenage daughter standing on the stone floor, peeing a torrent into her sweat pants. "You looked like you were about to pass out," her mother always joked.

Kiki would have remembered that story even if her mother had not told it to her over and over. It was the first time since she was a child that she had wet herself, although it was not the last. She had been playing a very good game of basketball. The other two players on her team were not that good, but Kiki's skills were enough to carry them to the lead. By the time they reached a score of 22 to 19, Kiki began to feel her bladder nagging its need.

She was about to ask for a time out after the next play when one of her friends on the other team shot a three-pointer to tie the game. This fueled her competitiveness and she kept at the game, fighting down her urge as much as possible. At last, she got her hands on the ball again and prepared to shoot. As she leaped to go for a three-pointer, she gulped as a tiny spurt of urine filled her panties. She managed to quickly cut it off as she watched the ball soar and land perfectly into the basket, ending the game at 25-22.

Lucky for her, all of her friends had to get home and she said her goodbyes as quickly as possible. Duane looked as if he wanted to follow her, but she made some excuse about having homework and he shuffled away. Poor Duane. He had been following her like a puppy for years. Some day, she would give in to him, but not yet.

As she reached her front door, Kiki could already feel small trickles of urine falling down her leg under her sweatpants. She dare not look to see if there was any damage. As she opened the door, she knew she was not going to make it and just decided to let it all go right there. The crotch of her panties and pants became instantly hot as her pee sprayed out in a torrent. She smiled a little as she watched the light gray pants go dark very quickly.

A palm-sized wet spot began to grow and grow, the wetness spreading across the tops of her thighs and trailing down her legs. She lifted one foot and almost laughed out loud as drops of her pee fell from the cuffs of her pant leg. Some of it tickled her ankle and soaked into her white socks, but most dripped heavily onto the floor. The floor by the door was made of stone anyway, so she knew she could just clean up the damage later. What she did not know, however, was that her mother was home early and she finally caught sight of her mother, watching her embarrassing little show.

Back at the diner, Kiki smiled wide as she mixed a White Russian for a mysterious looking gentleman at the end of the bar. H was a little older than her, but dark-skinned and his muscles seemed to fill his shirt nicely. He winked at her when she handed him the glass and she pursed her lips out slightly. Even though this was a diner and not a bar, she needed to be a little flirty if she wanted big tips.

The bell over the entrance dinged and Karen, one of the waitresses, stormed through the door, late again. Kiki waved at her, but her gesture went unnoticed. The way she was clutching her uniform between her legs slightly, it looked as if she needed to pee. Kiki's own need began to make itself known as she felt a little pressure in her bladder. Nothing serious yet, but she would need to take care of that soon.

She really expected her mother to be furious about the pee on the floor, but instead she just stared in disbelief. «I... I'm sorry, Mom.» What else could she say? «I got so worked up playing ball that I didn't stop to go to the bathroom and by the time I got home... well...» Her mother crossed her arms, but it was not an expression of anger or frustration. She just grinned at her, curiously.

«My, you really had to go, didn't you?» She was peering at the huge dark spot that now covered the entire front of Kiki's pants and fell in thick streaks down her leg.

«Yeah, I'm sorry, Mom. I'll clean it up, I promise.»

«It's okay, sweetheart. Accidents happen sometimes. Why don't you go change your clothes and I'll get the mop.» Kiki was shocked and touched by her mother's understanding attitude. She had really expected to be in serious trouble, or at least get a stern talking-to about impropriety and how dirty peeing in your pants was. She shuffled past her mom and walked carefully to her bedroom, still feeling tiny drops of her pee dripping onto her feet. It did not take long to snag a pair of clean panties and sweats from her dresser, so she walked across the hall to the bathroom.

Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted her mother standing over the floor. Her back was to her, so Kiki could not tell what she was doing. At first, she thought that her mom was just staring at the wet spot, still unsure what to make of her teenage daughter's accident.

As she snuck closer, however, she noticed a steady river of urine passing from under her mother's skirt. Kiki was amazed as she watched her mother's flow fall almost inaudibly down her legs as she held them close together. She had removed her shoes and her pee seemed to caress her legs all the way down to her ankles before it fell quietly to join Kiki's puddle on the floor. She could hear her mother moaning lightly. It was a sound of both relief and pleasure. Her mother was actually enjoying it.

Her mom jerked suddenly and turned to face her daughter. «Oh my God, Kiki!» As her mom's face seemed to glow bright red, the flow subsided and then finally stopped. «I... I thought you were going to clean up.» Kiki could not speak. She just stared at her mother, eyes wide in disbelief. «I guess we need to talk, don't we.» Kiki nodded.

Business at the bar was starting to slow a little. Ordinarily, Kiki would be disappointed to see the crowd dwindle. As her bladder throbbed once again, though, she was glad for the little break. It would make her next action a little easier. The noise of the corwd would also make her actions go unnoticed. She stood close to the bar so that no one on the other side could see her legs as she held them close together. Sighing, she released her hold on bladder.

She had not worn panties under her skirt, so right away she felt the oh-so-great sensation of her pee stream against the inside of her thigh. The urge to cry out was unbearable as the torrent of urine passed silently down her legs, caressing her thighs much as it had her mothers. The flow continued down her legs and dripped softly from her high heels to the tile floor beneath her. She bit her lip and peered down the bar at the mysterious gentleman. He smiled and winked again. She did not know if he knew her secret and did not care. In fact, a part of her wanted him to know. The flow finally ceased and she licked her lips at the gentleman as she walked over to refill his drink.

The night ended and Kiki counted her money proudly. She made more tips than anyone of the waitresses, which was rare for a bartender. Her smile widened as she uncovered a tiny piece of paper with a phone number and a name. What made her grin, however, was the little message on the other side of the paper: «Thanks for the secret show.»

