God bless hovering women (True story)

8th January 2013, 06:18 AM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

Apologies for the length. This JUST happened to me today, and is 100% true. I just can't stop myself.

I often go to a local coffeeshop to write. Today, it was pretty dead… For a while it was just me and an older guy who is a regular like me. After a while, a woman in her mid 30s came in. She was about 5'5", dirty blonde, and very fit. Actually, she looked like one of those high strung skinny women you see jogging or doing yoga long after they've burned away any fat. She had on tight black exercise pants that showed off a tiny but cute bubble ass, along with a black zip-up sweater.

From my seat between the counter and bathroom, I had plenty of time to admire her tight, compact body as she ordered a drink. Personally I'm a fan of tall women and voluptuous curves, but there's something irresistibly sexy about a high strung woman. They're absolutely uncontrollable in bed. On second look, I noticed that she had a gap between her upper thighs three fingers wide, and the black pants wrapped her mound tight enough to see the very prominent bumps of her pussy lips.

This coffeeshop has only one unisex bathroom, So I love when it's dead like this, because I get to observe the habits of women, one by one. You will all understand why I was excited when she ordered a tea, which they serve in a personal pot that fills two mugs. Ten minutes later, she ducked into the bathroom. She walked out after a minute, and our eyes met for a split second. She had the look of Naomi Watts, with blue eyes, a small, sharp nose and manicured eyebrows.

Of course I went in after her, and was rewarded with the sight of two fat drops on the toilet seat. I knew it—it's always the neurotic types who hover over the seat. I love these women. How horrified would these germophobes be to watch me suck up the piss they so thoughtfully leave on the seat?

I have a technique for this: you pucker your lips, as if about to whistle, and then position them just above the drop, without touching. If you suck in sharply, the drop will hit your tongue. I sucked up both drops this way, and tasted a hint of her feminine flavor. My cock perked up halfway.

Back in my seat, I passed the time. Thankfully, she seemed to be staying for a while. After another 20 minutes, she wandered into the unisex bathroom again. This time, I heard her piss from outside. For such a small girl, she had a powerful stream. I caught her eye as she came out, and she gave me a polite smile. Oh cutie, if only you knew.

I waited a minute and went in after her again. This time she was more careless, and there were two splatters on either side. What kills me is that these women are too grossed out to let the dry seat touch their thigh, but they'll drip piss all everywhere and leave it.

Luckily I have a technique for this too. I carry a microfiber cloth (for cleaning eyeglasses, etc), which I use to mop up half of the overspray, then I bend down to suck up the rest. I closed my eyes and reveled in the light salty taste of her piss.

I returned to my seat once again, unable to concentrate. I opened one of my piss stories and did some editing. She was back in less than 15 minutes, this time walking more briskly and carrying her pot and mug back to the counter. There must be a God, because she made one last stop before leaving. She pissed hard and long, stopping and starting several times. As I listened to the churning, bubbling sound, my cock hardened in my jeans. A second later, she was bobbing out the door, shooting me a genuine smile.

I walked in to see the entire seat covered in glistening drops. For a second, I wondered if she had done it on purpose—after all, she had smiled. But it was impossible; I struck it from my mind. She was simply in a hurry. She yanked down her mound-hugging yoga pants, pointed her ass in roughly the right direction, and forced her tight little body to spray piss as hard and fast as it could.

I forced myself to pull out my mopping cloth and soak up one corner of the seat. But there was such an huge amount of piss… I dropped to my hands and knees. Any self respect I used to have just vanished in an instant as I began licking the seat from center to edge. But this must be what heaven tastes like… Her piss tasted like sweat combined with a dank tartness, as if I were going down on her after a five mile run. I licked the entire seat clean and then came into a paper towel (at least I was tidy).

At home, I removed the mop cloth. I've used it to soak up the piss from dozens of girls. At this point, it has a slightly gamy musk. I held my head back, draped it across my nose and breathed deeply as I shot come hard and fast. Slowly but surely, I will turn this cloth into a pungent, funky rag, stiff with the dried piss of a hundred uptight women.

