A nice surprice

21st February 2008, 07:17 AM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Some years ago, I used to work in a small company where the office area is a smallish building set out over two floors. There are about 25 people working here and we all get on really well in a very friendly atmosphere. The other week I decided to work a bit later one Friday afternoon as most people usually go home early for the weekend—around 4:00pm.

The layout of the toilets in the office means that the gents is on the lower floor and the ladies on the upper floor. They are though identical in every respect and it is generally accepted that we share them. There are two cubicles in each toilet and that Friday I popped into the upstairs 'ladies'.

I was sitting there quietly thinking about the work I had to finish before going home when I heard somebody else coming in. The door shut and lock bolt clicked. I then heard the sound of a skirt being pulled up, panties down and the unmistakeable sound of a lady having a well needed piss. This distinctive sound always stirs something in my loins and I started to feel my cock waking. I sat there quietly thinking what was I going to do with my growing dick. In the quiet I then heard something that startled me. It sounded like a cat licking a saucer of milk!

Then a sigh and a slight quickening of breath. She was masturbating! In the toilet cubicle next to me! Did she know I was there? By now my cock was at full attention. The lapping sound soon started to get quicker and louder with the occasional squelch. Boy, was she wet! Pant, pant, pant next door and I realised I was stroking my cock in time. Then, just as suddenly as it started, it stopped. Had she heard me? No! she let out a huge sigh and moan as she climaxed along with a couple of splashes in the toilet water. She was a squirter and had cum next to me. I came almost immediately on hearing this—all over my hands, legs and the floor.

Following some frantic cleaning up with tissue I heard the clothes rustle, toilet flush and she left! I cleaned up after she had gone and left after a little time.

I later realised that there was only one female staff member left on our floor that afternoon and what a surprise! This normally quiet, hard-working girl in her mid 30's had just unwittingly given me something to dream about for weeks.

I keep a eye out now for a repeat performance but am yet to pluck up the courage.

