Outhouse Hunting Part 4

13th July 2009, 07:01 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

After having lunch at Barbie S;s and Jeannies house we left and went back on our hunt for more outhouses. We really didn't know where to head to thgis time when we first started. Then one of us remembered that across from the middle school which was the old high school at one time was a very old gas station which now was no longer used. So that is where we headed to.

While on the way there Barbie S and Jeannie walked together while Barbie H and I walked together behind those two. Barbie H told me about her house being a school like my friends Tonys house had once been. The school that was in her house was a catholic school many years ago. When they had first moved into it there was still sighns in the house that it had been a school.

I asked her in what way that you knew it was a school. Barbie H told me she was a little girl when they first had moved into the house. In one room which was a small room there were severalold style wooden school desks along with several blackboards. Her dad tossed them all out. Then she giggled and told me about the backporch on the side of the house had two rooms in it too.

What were those two rooms used for? I asked her. I knew there was a reason she giggled when she told me there was these two rooms and I wanted to find out why so that's why I asked my question. Well they were what we have ben looking for today! she replied back to me. Really Barbie! I said back to her.

She said yes to me. You would have loved them to Victor. One was most likely for girls and the other for boys. oth were three holers too! I would have loved to seen that! I asnwered back to Barbie H. Then she giggled harder. I even used both of them! The boys and the girls! she said to me. Now I really wished I had seen that! Barbie H's giggling turned into a short hard laugh. Then she told me if they were still there chances that I would have. But they got torn down and the porch is like it is now a long open porch.

We now were comming up upon the middle school and the old gas station across the highway from the school. We all crossed the highway and we all stood looking at the main building first which was the office and garage part of the old gas station. We all started walking around it checking for any other doors on the sides and back of theis part of the station.

We found no other doors that would indicate bathrooms in this part of the old gas station. Now there were four other small buildings behind the garage office building of this old gas station so we started to check them to see what they were. The first small one there was no door on it and we looked inside of it. It was filled with all kinds of trash and junk.

We did find out what brand of gas was the station had sold for there was one of the stations old sighns that was leaning up against the one of the walls inside. Richfield Springs was the name on the sighn. There was one other Richfield Springs gas station still in operation down by one of the local drive in theaters out in the area. It would soon be closed a few years from this time.

We then checked another small shed and this one had just old tires in it. Then we had two real small matching styled buildings left that were way far back from the others which were just inside of the edge of the wooded area well behind the old gas station garage and office building. So we all walked back to the two very small buildings.

They were painted in the company colors like the old sighn in the one building was. Yellow and green. The paint was badly faded though. As we got closer we hit pay dirt! For above the doors on each one in the peaks in the front were sighns. One said Ladies and on the other small bmatching building said Mens. We found the the old gas stations bathrooms!

Now we had to find out if they were true outhouses inside or were they more modern in having running water with toilets and sinks. They did have at one time they had electical power for besides the sighns over the doors there was a single light fixture over the door. At thgis point we split up into pairs. Barbie H and I stayed together at the one with the ladies sighn while Barbie S and her sistor Jeannie went over to the one with the mens sighn on it. (that figured with those tw would go to the one marked mens!)

I struggled with the door here on theladies room for it had warped and sagged so it was very hard to get it to open. Barbie S and Jeannie were having the same problem on the door for the mens one. Barbie H helped me as both of us now yanked hard on the door of the ladies one. It would move about two three inches on each hard yank. The hinges would let out a very loud squeek on ech shove. We were making progress though.

Whike Barbie H and I worked geting the door open here on the ladies one Barbie S and Jeannie were working on the mens door. All of a sudden there was the loud sound of breaking wood which Barbie H and I looked over at Barbie S and Jeannies direction. We saw that they had broken the door on the mens one. The door was hanging off at the top for it had broken at the hinge.

Both of them were standing there laughing hard and loud. Barbie H hollered over to them asking if they could see inside. Barbie S told her to wait one minute we almost have it! She and Jeannie grabbed the hanging door and gave it one hard terrific shove with all of thier might. The door gave way and it broke off the botom hinge and fell right over on to the ground. Jeannie hollered out laughing; We got it!

I gave our door on the ladies room one more good hard shove too. Squeling loudly it moved and then it sprung wide open. I almost fel since the door gave waqy so suddenly. Barbie H hollered out saying to Barbie S and Jeannie we got ours too now! She and I looked inside now. Sure enough they were outhouses. No toilet or sink!

There was a small platform in the middle but it had a toilet seat and toilet seat lid on it. There was a slo a small cuboard on the side wall and a wire type toilet paper holder on the wall beside the toilet seat platform. Jeannie and Barbie S told us that the mens room was the same way after Barbie H described the inside of the ladies one.

Barbie H then told me she was going to use the ladies room right now. Giggling as she stepped inside of it she told me to leave and go use the mens room! I chuckled and told her if she felt that way about it I will go use the mens room. I turned around and took a couple of steps away from the open door of the ladies room. Barbie H yelled out to me; Get back here! You don't have to leave! I chuckled a litle harder turned around and stepped back inside and joined Barbie H in the ladies room.

Barbie H and Jeannie had already had gone into the mens one before I had stepped inside the ladies room to joing Barbie H. Barbie had already lifted up the wooden seat lid. The seat remained down. Barbie turned around faced me and quickly hiked her dress up. She surprised me as I watch her hike u her dress. She wa not wearing her white panties now!

"Hey what happened to your white panties?" I asked her.

Barbie H giggled hard for a very short time. She then told me that she had slipped them off while we were at the table eating lunch! None of us others had not seen her do it! Barbie H sat down on the toilet seat and she pulle her white panties out of the pocket she had in her summer dress and quickly shoved them back inside the pocket.

Barbie H was feeling confident since it was just she and I together now. She told me that she would hold me if I needd to also piss. She didn't mind having the others around if she was pissing but she wouldn't hold me if the others around even though I knew she liked to do it. Barbie H had her dress hiked right up in the front and she slid back as far as she could get on the white toilet seat. That gave me a large enough opening to piss into.

I was already erect as I stepped forward closer to Barbie H. She reached right out with both hands taking one of them and popped the snap on my jeans. As she did this she took the other hand and yanked my zipper down as fast as she could do it! In a real hurry arn;t you Barbie H?! I said to her. Oh shut up! she said giggling hard. She yannked my jeans right down to my knees real fast and hard.

My penis being erect it was pointed upward at a good angle. I made it bounce upward before Barbie reached for it to take a hold of it. Barbie H burst into a hard loud giggle seeing my penis take its bounce. Still giggling but not as hard she said to me; Come here now I want you! I stepped one small step forward and Barbie H took a hold of my erect hard penis in her left hand.

She moved it down and took aim at the opening she had provided for me to piss into and she at the same time moved her feet wide apart so I could see her vagina to watch her piss. Barbie H started first but needing a goood push to get started. When she pushed she let out a brapping sounding long fart which she giggled loudly as she let that fart out. Then she started to piss right afterher fart had stopped.

She started with a hard piss too. Her piss stream was thin and twisted but since she was pissing hard even though her stream didn't look like it was that hard it sure did hiss loudly! Also the sound of her piss hiting the ground was loud too. It must have been only a short distance down to the ground for it to sound so loud. But it was dark loking so I couldn't see the ground looking through the opening between her thighs.

I hadn't started my piss yet even though Barbie H had been pissing about ten seconds or so now. She told me that she could feel my peeter (that is what she called my penis) was throbbing and it sure felt real hot in her hand right now! I smiled with a big smile. Then I started to piss. Out from my penis like her my stream was thin and it too had twisted. It shot down into the opening and almsost hit the edge of the toilet seat.

Barbie H seeing ths let out a loud opps and giggle and she moved my peeter over just a little and now my stream moved over slightly now clearing more away from the edge of the toilet seat. Now the sound of our piss streams hitting down inside was louder. Barbie H smiled as she held my peter and watched my stream going down into the toilet right by her piss stream.

Then after I had pissed for about five seconds she asked me to stop. I want to stand with you and hold your peter! So I bore down and made my spiss stream stop. Barbie H still held my peter. So I stood there and watched her piss. She did take a retty long one too. Her stream stayed thin twisted and hissed loudly just abot to its end. The hissing stopped just before she did stop and she dribbled and dripped this time just a little bit. Then she was done.

I had to step back a step to let Barbie H get up off the toilet seat. She stood up without letting go of my penis. She also with her other hand lifted up the toilet seat. Giggling as she lifted the seat up she told meit was now in the mens position! I even let out a short giggle oin that one. Barbie H now turned and stood at my left side and reaimed my peter at the now larger opening. She waited for me to start pissing again.

I had to give a push to get restarted and I did. My piss stream came out harder with this push so my stream missed the opening and hit the opening in the raised toilet seat and splashed hard off the underside of the white toilet seat lid! Barbie shoved down on my peter giggling loudly. At least the seat was up! she said to me. My stream now shot down through the opening and it hit hard down inside hard. Hard enough beside the drumming sound of it hitting the ground it was also splashing on the wood somewhere underneath too.

Again I had pisssed for about ten seconds which Barbie H held my penis still. Then she started playing with it by moving it around in a circle making my piss stream go in a circle around the opening. Barbie H giggled hard as she did this. This was also a habbit of hers when she held me while I pissed. She liked to play like this. She thought it was so neat to do for only a boy could do it not a girl! So I always let her play when she wanted to.

Barbie kept up doing the cicles right before I stopped pissing. As she saw my stream ease up she stopped and as my stream eased I did piss on the top front of the wood before the opening and also pissed a little on the wooden floor too. I stopped Barbie H still held my peter and asked if there was any more. I gave a push sent out one weak spurt of piss which only adde to the wet area on the wooden floor. She giggled again and I was done.

Then Barbie H asked me to go take a look ouside to see if Jeannie and Barbie S were done over in the mens room. She let go of my erect penis which bounced up hard and gave my lower belly a soft smack as my penises head hit my lower belly. Barbie H giggled. I turned and went over to the door and looked over towards the mens room shack. I didn't see either Barbie S or Jeannie.

I hollered out saying thier names. No answereing shouts came back. I stood there at te door opening and Barbie H then tod me she would go over and take a look to see if they were still over there. Laughing as she stepped by me she told me that I wouldn't walk over to check to see if they were there. I asked her why. Laughing she said to me; Not with your pants down Victor! Everyone would see your peeter! I then told her; What makes you believe I wouldn't? She laughed even harder but she stepped outside and I watched her run over to the mens room outhouse.

Barbie H stopped at the open doorway looked inside and turned and looked back over at me. They are not in here! she holered out to me. She came running back to theladies room. Come on then she said to me. Lets get the door closed. I pulled my jeans back up but didn't do my snap or zipper. Barbie and I on the inside grabbed the door and we pulled it shut but not quite all the way closed.

Wil that do I asked Barbie H. Smiling she told me it would. She went back over to the toilet and put the seat and lid back down. She sat down and told me to come over to her which I did. Barbie yanked my jeans back down to my knees and leaned right down and slipped the head of my peeter between her lips and closed them down on my peters head! Barbie H started giving me head! She did this too when we were alone a lot of times too. This was another part of her playtime with my peeter!

Now sometimes the way that Barbie h would give me head she was all business or she also like I said played with my peeter too while she gave head. This time she was playing also. For beside jsut sucking on it she would go way down on my peeter and then quckly pull right up comming off with a sloppy wet sounding pop. Then she would say giggling shaking my peeter with her hand that was holding it; How do you like that Mr Peeter! Then she would go back sloppily sucking and licking it. I always did really enjoy it more when she did play with it thais way instead of not fooling around. It took longer and Barbie H really enjoyed herself more doing it this way. She had told me this too after doing it one time to me.

Like I said with her playing with my peeter she spent more time getting me to the point that I would cum. In fact this time she even had to stop for a quick moment. Without saying anything to me and still having my penis in her mouth Barbie H lifted herself up a little off from the toilet seat lid. She moved forward and raised it. Then she pulled the back of her dress up and sat down on the toilet seat.

Then she started back slurping and sucking on y peeter and she began to piss! That wasa first for her. Pissing while having sex or should I say durring a sex act instead. No matter the sound of her pissing with her stream hissing softly was music to my ears! So I thrusted a litle forward making my penis slide n a little deeper into Barbie H's mouth. She reacted by opening her mouth and let out a quick giggle and went back to sucking and licking my peeter!

Barbie H's piss was a short one and was over in avery short time. But now having her piss while giving me head excited me very much and I was going now to cum fast and hard! Barbie H could feel the start of my peeters shaft as it twitched and she slid back her mouth on it till my peeters ring was between her hard pressed lips. She rapidly jerked its shaft with her hand that was on it at the same time she had moved her lips up around my ring.

After several seconds of her fast jerking with her and along with her sucking and licking the head of my penis I shot out what felt like a hudge load of cum into Barbie H's mouth! I felt her suck real hard when I did! I felt my penis twitch real fast several trimes more and with those twitches I shot out smaller amounts of cum. Then that was it I was spent.

Barbie H eased her lips up and off from my peeter. I had shot a lot of cum into her mouth for some of it now started to ooze out between her lips and dribbled down on to her chin. I saw and heard Barbie H swallow hard. Then she took the bottom of my shirt and wiped my cum off from her chin. She stood up and we kissed a few times. Then after our kissing I thanked her. She thanked me for the extra fun she had which we both laughed after she said that to me.

Now a lot of times after I cum I have to piss right after or shortly after. This time was no exception. I told Barbie H that I had to piss so she turned around at my side retook a hold of my now semi erect penis and held it in her hand. I started pissing which my stream shot right into the opening of the downed toilet seat. I like her only took a short hard piss and was done in about ten seconds.

