Susan S Another Invatation To Watch Her Piss Among Other Things Too Part 2

5th March 2010, 02:15 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

It took Susan and I about ten minutes time walking to get out on my road comming out by the Nash's house. Then we made a left turn walked along the road and cut through the side yard when we reached my house. Susan saw that there had been some changes as far as the house which was now all newly painted, the woodshed was torn down, and when she saw the barn had been painted red no longer a faded yellow she was really impressed with the changes.

We went right to the side bottom door of the barn. I slid it open and we went inside. There had been a few changes in here two. One the old bathtub which had been filled with newspapers was emptied out. There were more lights added no longer having a single one. Plus all the hay that had spread all over the floor had been cleaned by me so the wooden floor was all exposed now. Susan also commented that it looked a lot better here in the barn now also along with a giggle she also said to me; At least now if you piss in the old tub your not pissing on a stack of old smelly newspapers! I smiled at that comment. For she, I and other friends had taken pisses in the old tub before.

We stepped over to the old handpump and I began pumping it for Susan. After a few pumps the water began to flow from it and Dusan had taken the plastic cup and filled it up and guzzled the water in the cup right down in one shot. Then she refilled it gain and drank a second cup and then stopped. Wait a moment Susan said to me. I'm going to have one more so I waited. After a miute or two Susan had her third glass of water and then after drinking it she handed me the cup and said thank you. THat was sure good! I missed this too!

Susan then started pumping the hand pump for me and I had two glasses of water myself. That was all that I wanted to drink. Then Susan asked me about some of our old huants. (places where we had hung out together) Susan mentioned the spot in the woods down by the creek being the first place. Oh that's still there! I told Susan. Want to go there? I asked her. Susan said that she did. Bring something that we can lay on Susan told me. I said ok and we walked out of the barn and Susan waited while I went up to the house and got my sleepingbag.

I in minutes came back with the sleepingbag under my arm. Susan and I walked together holding hands and we walked down the path going down the short hill to the highway. We quickly crssed the highway and walked down the old road a short ways and then started heading over through the bushes,woods, to the nearby creek that was there.

This spot the whole group of us had made. We had made a dam in the creek using rocks and sheets of scrap plywood damming the creek. We had a nice pool for swimming which was very private and we used it quite a lot. Many times if it was just two of us together lets say Susan and I or me with some one of the other girls in the old group of friends we would go skinny dipping here! I wasn't sure if Susan had this in mind right now. I would just have to wait and see.

We were now where the spot was. The dam was still there and the large pool of water too. I unrolled the sleepingbag on the ground. Susan meanwhile had taken off her shoes and socks and went over and tested the water by stepping into it. As she had been in the water for a short moment I asked Susan how the water was. Not bad! Susan replied back to me. It's warm enough to take a swim in it. I smiled thinking that a little swimming may be done by us after all!

Susan came back over to me now. Let's take a swim she said to me with a smile and already had one hand at the snap on my shorts and the other slowly pulling down my shorts zipper. I smiled with a big smile and said ok and I started taking care of the buttons on her dress by unbutoning them. My cock started getting erect as I unbutoned Susan's dress and she doing my snap and zipper of my shorts.

In a very few short moments her dress was off along with my shorts, socks, sneakers and shirt. My cock was erect and hard as we stood there facing each other standing in the middle of the sleepingbag amound our clothes. Susan and I kissed hard and passionatly a few times. Then she said come on! We held hands almost ran to the creek and wadeded into it together.

The water was a litle over four feet deep that was it. Just high enough so that it did reach my bellybutton and was a litle higher up on Susan. The water was cool not cold but still my balls turned hard! Susan and I then did together squated down and pushed off and started our swim. It felt nice and refreshing to both of us as we swam. We stayed in the water for almost a half hour till we both got feeling chilled and then we got out went back to the sleepingbag which was in the warm sun to get warmed back up and to get dry.

As we stood in the warm sun Susan said to me with a smile; Want me to warm this up? Susan had already taken my cock in her hand which it had gone limp while we had been swimming. I looked right at her smileing and I had one hand on one of her tits and had also started playing with it I saod go right ahead and then I leaned down and gave her tit a kiss and a quick suck on her hard nipple. Susan let out a good giggle and I felt her hand starting to stroke my cock.

In several minutes with Susan's jerking me off I regained a full erection. Susan with me playing with her tits by sucking on both of them along with massaging, sucking, and teasing her nipples with my tounge had warmed right up no longer feeling cold any more. I was the same way. Then she made a change in what shewas doing. Susan started by kissing me and she slowly slid her tounge down from my chin going to my hard nipples licking and sucking on them. Then I had to stop as far as trying to suck or lick her nipples and tits.

Susan slowly squatd down ore as her tounge slid down over my skin passing my belly button and she stopped right above my patch of pubic hair. Susan still had my erect cock in her hand and had been slowly stroking it till now. She now had stopped and was just holding it in her hand. Then Susan was sqauted low enough now she leaned right over and she opned her mouth wide and took and put my balls into her mouth! The warmth of her mouth on my balls felt great! I could feel her tounge going over them as she had them in her mouth too! She also had resumed stroking my cock also!

After several minutes had went by Susan took one harder single suck on my balls then she stopped. How's that? Your'e balls warmed up now? Susan also asked me. Yup they are! is all that I could manage to say back to Susan. Then Susan stopped her stroking my cock and said this to me; She gave my cock a few little shakes with her hand and said; Let me take care of this for a few minutes. Susan moved up a little and slipped just the head of my cock bewteen and inside her warm wet lips gave my cocks head a quick suck as her tounge slid around on it too.

Then after a few moments of doing thsi to me Susan slid her mouth down my ock and started giving me a bj. I placed both of my hands on her bare shoulders and pushed her towards me as she was going down my cock. I closed my eyes thinking to myslelf; OH THIS FEELS SOOOO GOOD!!!! Susan gave great head! Better then most of the other girls in our group of friends. While Susan gave me the bj she also wasusing one of her hands playing with my balls at the same time.

Susan gave me head for I would have to say for at least ten minutes. Then she slowly slid her mouth tightly up my cocks shaft as she was squeezing my balls with her hand in a pulsating type fashion then slipped her mouth off from my cock let go off my balls and she stood up smiling. She then gave me a kiss grabbed my hand and said to me. Let's get off the sleepinbag for a momnet. I have to do something else now that I know you like too!

As we stepped off the sleepingbag together I asked Susan; OK what are you going to do now Susan? Susan let out a little giggle first before she said anything to me. Then once we were no longer on the sleeping bag standing now in the grass Susan answered my question. Would you like a drink or a shower? I looked at Susan for a very short moment not saying anything back to her. Long enough to make Susan say to me; Come on make up your mind or I'll just piss here in the grass! There had been a long enough time that had passed with all the water she had drank Susan needed to piss now. Then I did manage to answer Susan. How bout both! Got enough to do that? Susan let out a short hard laugh and said YES I DO! Susan then pushed hard on my shoulders making me start to squat down. Then I laid right out laying on my back in the grass.

Susan was still standing there but not yet moved. Where do you want me first? Susan asked. Susan was standing there doing a little dance as she waited fr me to answer her back. Susan was sort of desperate to piss. Doing that little dance as she stood there was a sighn that she did need to go. Plus saying just before saying she would just piss in the grass while waiting for my answer also ment she was desperate to go too.

I'll take a drink first then you can piss all you want on my cock! Susan got my answer and she then stepped forward starddling my body and stopped standing over my head. With one quick motion Susan squated down placing her pussy above my face. I reached up with my hands and placed them both on her asscheeks. Susan adjusted her body wiggling to get in position and the stopped when she was. I raised my head up between her widely sreaded thighs and got right under her pussy with my mouth and had it ready.

Being so close Susan was letting off a lot of body heat. I stuck my tounge out and gave her pussy a quick upward lick and doing her clit too with my tounge. Susan raised herslf up real quick and hovered higher over me at this moment. Susam said to me with a chuckle; Don't do that! I won't be able to piss! You can get that when I'm done with you! Laughing I said back to Susan; OK OK I won't! Susan then lowered back down puting her pussy just in front of my open mouth.

Severla what seemed to be very long seconds passed. Then a little very short piss shot from Susan's peehole going directly into my mouth. Then nothing more. Her piss was warm and slightly salty also.But her piss has cloudy white. I swallowed the small amount down form that spurt Susan had done. I was a little impaitent for I did want more of her piss to drink. Susan what's going on? I asked her. Susan told me she was having a litle trouble. Wait! I'll get going! So I waited.

Several more very long seconds passed with Susan not pissing. Then another spurt came out shooting her warm slightly salty tastingpiss going into my mouth again. This time Susan managed to fill my mouth with this spurt then the first spurt. But again it was short but she didn't stop but had her stream fall back pissing on my neck and chest before it sprang back going into my mouth again.

This didn't matter to me. Her piss being warm felt good on my body when she pissed on it and not into my mouth. Her piss went back and forth like this going in my mouth and then on to my body. What this good about having her piss stream do this was when my mouth had been filled enough and had fallen back and she was pissing on my body I swallowed her piss. Susan pissed like this letting me get three mouthfulls to drink and getting pretty wet with her piss on my body too. Then she stopped and got up. That was all I was getting to drink. My cock and balls were next to get treated to a warm shower of piss!

Susan very quickly still squating moved backwards. Once she was down over my cock and crotch Susan grabbed my cock in one of her hands pulled it so that it was straight up and she got down on her knees over me. Then she lowered herslef down till her pussy was touching my cock! She did a few quick rubs by going back and fourth sliding her wet pussy on my ocks shaft skin. Now it was my turn to agin say to Susan as she WAS teasing me now; Come on Susan PISS! Susan let out just a little giggle stopped rubbing her pussy up and down my cocks shaft and got ready to piss.

Just before Susan did piss she moved my ock so that it was laying up against me but she still held it. Then Susanlet go with her piss. This time her stream did not come out with continuies weak spurts. Instead it was a thing hard stream with a loud hiss. Her piss stream hit hard on my cocks shaft skin splashing, wetting, my cock and balls with her piss. Boy was it so ever warm down there more so it feklt then when I was drinking it! Susan now was also swinging back and fotrh making her piss wet more of my cock and balls as she went back and forth.

This was really a intense sensation to me! I hadn't had a golden shower in some time so I reached down and pulled Susan down so that her pussy was now touching my ock and her piss was really spraying all over me now. Susan let out a giggle. I held her this way for the rest of her piss. This lasted almost for a good half minute and then Susan stopped. When she did I patted her asscheeks with my hands along with a very big smile said to Susan; Come here!

Susan smiled with a big smile and being on her knees came forward and put her pussy back over my mouth and I went right to work licking all of it teasing her now hard clit with a finger as I very happily licked away at her. Susan helped herslef too for she was taking care of her breasts with her hands and was slwly moving back and forth as I went over her pussy licking it, inserting my tounge into it, and also taking a few licks and a suck on her clit too.

I worked over Susan for about ten minutes like she had done when she had given me head. Then I gave her pussy a final lick, her clit ba good teasing lick, a hard suck, and ended by giving a long kiss. I patted Susan's asscheeks and I told her I needed to get up now. My turn to piss! The water that I had drank in the barn now was needed to be emptied from my bladder. Susan stood up and stepped aside so I could get up. I got up off from the grass.

Susan with a slight smile asked me/ Can I take just a little drink. I am slightly thirsty. I smiled back and told her it wa hers. Susan got down in a squat took a light hold of my cock and she was not squated in front of me but off to the side of me instead. This was the way Susan always got raedy to drink piss. Not the neatest way to do it but she did do it.

I told Susan here it comes. Susan leaned in further as my piss started shooting out from the slit in my cocks head. She got some of my stream into her mouth pulled back swallowed and leaned right back in taking another sip. Susan did get splashed by dipping back and forth but she didn't mind for she did like the feeling of warm piss on her body just as much as I did.

