/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-3/38295/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 3

5th November 2009, 11:03 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Luise before she started running the water for our shower quickly wrapped herself up in a large twoel and told me she would be right back. So I waited by the tub and she left the bathroom. She came abck a couple minutes later wit two cans of cold beer. Now were ready! she said to me takeing the towel off dropping it on the floor. We got in the tub closed the sliding glass doors and she turned on the water and she adjusted it so it was warm and also she adjusted the shower heads flow so that it was hard without needing the water to be turned up much.

Before we would lather each other up with soap we both opened our beers and took a long sip from them. We also then wetted down under the shower and Luise then turned the water off to save water. Then we started taking turns lathering up the bar of soap and started washing each other down. WE started at the neck and worked our way down from there.

I had my fun when I started to wash Luis's breasts. I really lathered both of them up with a lot of soap massaging them as I lathered them with soap. I also tweaked both of her big nipples with my fingers which Luise was getting turned on by my actions and she would also giggle at times too. She softly said to me also; That feels so good! Then she went on saying to me; I can't wait to see what you do when you get down lower! I smiled and said back to Luise; You'll just have to wait till I get there! Luise let out another giggle.

Well Luise got her turn to tease me back when she would lather my body up with the bar of soap. For she owuld deliberetly bump my erect cock with her ass when she would turn around when we would need to rinse off after soaping up sections of our bodies. I will say this; It sure kept my cock erect! She would giggle a lot too everytime she felt my hard cock bump into her ass and she would say to me; Keep that thing of yours under control Victor!

We went on and now it was my turn again and I had saved to do her pussy area for last. Luise had done the same thing with me for she only had y cock and balls left to do. Now since the way were showering doing sections at a time and going slow while we did it quite a bit of time had passed by. She had finished her beer some time ago and I had almost drank all of mine too. I lathered up the bar of soap again and Luise shut the water off and then turned around facing me got ready to have me do the last parts of her.

I had to sqaut down for I wanted to be right down looking right at her pussy! Luise had spreaded her feet as wide apart as she could get them making more room for me! I didn't lather her up at first. Instead I took and I started lightly licking her body starting at her belly button and went straight down her body taking my tounge sliding it lightly along her skin and aslo flicked my tounge as I went down.

Now Luise realized what I was going to do! Oh you are gong to eat my pussy! Keep going Victor! I've always wanted to have that done to it! I stopped and pulled my head away which I stopped licking her. I looked up at Luise and said to her; You mean you never had anyone eat your pussy before? No she said back to me loudly. The boys around here never tried it or wouldn't do it for they didn't like the idea of licking that spot where a girl pisses and other things happen. They just DON"T know what they are missing! I said back to her. Luise giggled shoved my head back closer to her with her two hands and told me to shut up and get back to what I was going to do!

I did and when I did get down there I teased Luise by just quickly with very fast flicking of my tounge I teased her clit. I heard Luise take a short hard gasp as I did it. Then I moved off rom her clit and went over to the sides of her pusssy licking the skin all around it and this also included the very tops of her thighs. Luise only let me do this for a very short time for she pulled my head roght back and she told me to stay where I had started licking the first spot! So I did!

Luise let me stay licking and flicking my tounge on her clit ofr quite awhile. While I was doing this I had the bar of soap in my hand and I dropped it. I took that hand and I placed it on one of her asscheeks while I licked her clit but I slwly moved my hand getting my soapy fingers into her asscrack untill I had the tip of my finger pressed slightly on Luis's asshole.I got to hear what I wanted to hear right then! Luise in a whisper told me to go right ahead! I LIKE THAT!

I put a little more pressure with that finger getting the tip to insert into her asshole. Then a little more and my finger slowly slipped inside of it going in deepergoing past the knuckle and then I slwly went back out going back and fourth with it as Ilicked away at her clit and pussy. Luise now was slightly thrusting her body really enjoying having a finger sliding back and forth in her bac hole and having her importent parts taken care of up and front. She did say one thing to me. She told me that with a finger in her asshole she would always cum a lot faster! But I dodn't want to cum fast right now. I knew then she wanted to save herself to have other fun I hoped!

Luise let me finger her up the ass for about five minutes and then she pushed hard squezing my finger making it slide out as she pushed. I knew she wanted my finger out of her now so I didn't resist. My finger slowly slid out and that was it. Then after a few more minutes of licking she pulled my head back with her two hands and it was time for her to rinse off. She rinsed herself off and now it was her turn to take care of the last parts of my body.

But before she lathere up the bar of soap she did turn the shower off again. She turned around and faced me. She smiled and said to me; How bout a shower from a smaller shower that will be nice and warm? I'll use MY little shower head and do your your last parts with it! I knew what she was hinting too and I told her to go right ahead.Then Luise asked me if my shower head would worktoo. I laughed and told her it could if she wanted a little shower from it too! She inreturn said yes to me.

I was still squating so all that Luise had to do was step forward starddlng me and place her hands on my shoulders which she did. She did bend her legs just a little moving her ass down a little lower and moving her pussy back away from me too. Then she said to me; Her it comes. I've turned on the water! Sure enough she started to piss! Out form her pussy shot her piss stream! It did angele out as it shot out from her pussy but she hit above my waiting cock! Her piss hit my belly above my cock and splashed off from it.

Luise was looking down and she let out a loud oppps! she aso managed to stop her stream at the same time. Smilng she said to me; Let me try again! There was about a two or three second pause and then she started to piss again. Her stream shot out but not quite as hard as before.Luise looking down watching her stream saw it hit the head of my cock. Bullseye! She said t me laughing. Luise had scored a direct hit on my cock!

She pissed on my coks head with her hot piss for several seconds. then she lowered herself down just a little bit which made her stream move down and she pissed on my cocks shaft for the next several seconds. Then she lowered herself a little more and pissed on my balls! Then she lifted herself up a little and pissed on my cock again and went slightly up and down pising on all of my cock and balls until her stream became to weak to reach it and then she came to a stop.

Then she stepped forward putting her pussy right at my face ttook her hands from my shoulders and put them on the back of my head. Before she pushed my hed forward she said to me; You know what to do. Do it! I went and licked off her pussy tasting her piss as I licked away at jer pussy. Luise let me go at it for a good five minute or more then She pulled my head back and she stepped back away.

I stood up. We kissed several times and then she reached down and told me she was going to adjust the shower head. You turn on the water! I smiled and told Luise that the water was ready for her. As she moved my cock I starte to piss. My stream shot upward hitting above where Luise wanted it hitting her just below the belly button. My piss splashed off fro her hit me also. But some of it ran down wetting her red pubic hair patch and trickled through it winidng up wetting her clit and pussy!

Luise let out a slight gasp feeling my warm piss hiting her and unning down to where it felt the best on her. She held me so that I pissed on her like this for a good sveral seconds then she moved my ock down untill I was pissing directly on her clit! That made her take a harder gasp. Then she said; Ohh your water is so warm! I smiled. I saw Luise close her eyes and she was really enjoying having my hot piss hit her and she must have had her clit sending its feeling to her brain real strong!

I knew this for Luise kept my cock still keeping my piss stream right on her clit all the time that I did piss. When I stopped she still held my ock where it was. She asked me If I had osme surts left in my shower. I gave a push and sent out a hard short surt. She smiled. I gave a second push sending out another spurt of piss. I wound up doing more tw more spurts and that was it. I made her giggle hard telling her she had used up all the hot water.

Luise then turned the shower back on for the last time. We both rinsed ourselves off. She turned the water off and we got out. We both then took our time again drying each other off. I played with her tits, gave her pusy a little massaging with a finger and gave it some more licking with my tounge while I was squated down drying of her legs.

