My friend Lisa

20th February 2008, 01:21 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

A friend of mine, Lisa, not her real name, would always get a bunch of people together in high school to go wrap houses. She was a senior in my class and quiet popular so everybody wanted to go with her when she wrapped houses. She and I were friends and she asked me to go along. I usually didn't go for this type of thing but i had nothing to do that night so off i went. She had picked one of the girls softball member's house to wrap and it was way in the country. I brought some beer along and we drank it on the way.

We were a group of about 5 I was the only guy and the other girls were feeling the beer. When we arrived at the house noone was there. Two of the girls went pee at the back of the house, i also went to the rear and relieved myself, but lisa and another girl I can't remember her name, started wrapping the house. We jioned them and the girls were laughing and yelling like drunken teens do. I was standing next to Lisa when we heard a man yelling from down the street. We noticed he had a shotgun and he fired a shot in the air. Lisa and I broke out running and hid in some bushes. The other girls scattered. We could see the man stop Lisa's friend at gun point screaming at her to get down on the ground. It was dark and we wouldn't find out until later that she was so scared she pissed down both her legs.

As I said Lisa and I were hiding in some bushes. She was terrified and she wimpered I 'm about to pee in my pants. Although I was scared, when shew said this I started getting excited. A few seconds later the guy came walking with the girl our way. That was it Lisa began pissing her pants. I could hear her piss pouring out of her onto the ground. The man told us to come out of the bushes.

We came out and Lisa could barely tell him we were just wapping the house and were not trying to break in. Once the ordeal was over. The man apoligized and let us go.

We all had a good laugh and Lisa told the other girls she had been so scared that she peed in her pants and showed them the huge stain on her beige pants. The other girl admitted to peeing in her pants as well and the wet stain showed up very dark on her faded jeans. Lisa didn't wrap to many houses after that, but to this day when I run into her I still tease her about it.

