Tickling can be fun

16th January 2007, 03:52 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Posted by Uncle Sam on January 16, 2007 at 06:35 [84.48.38.184]

I'm 40 years old and my wife's older sister has a daughter who just turned 18. Kim and I have always been pretty close but our relationahip took a strange turn a few weeks ago. First of all let me say that Kim is a beautiful blond girl with a great body. Nice ass and tits that are 36C. She has a great smelling pussy. The reason I know this is that I have been sniffing Kim's panties and jacking off in them for the last couple of years. Other that that, nothing sexually has ever happened between us.

A few week ago Kim was over visiting and my wife was out shopping. Kim knows that I am very ticklish so she walked up behind me and grabbed me in the ribs. I jumped, and as I did, I just peed a littlie in my pants out of surprise. I lokked down and saw a small wet patch on my pants. Kim met my eyes and said sorry with a grin.

I tried to grab her but as I did she turned and I caught her by one of her firm young tits. When my hand landed on her tit she turned and backed her body up against mine. My hand stayed on her tit for several seconds. Finally I moved my hand. Nothing was said between us about it.

Kim has started stopping by the house much more now. She knows when my wife is not home and she makes it a point to stop by when I am there alone. The next time she came by after that first incident she again tried to tickle me and she put herself in the same position so that I again ended up cupping her tit. This time I eased my other hand around her and held both tits in my hands, through her blouse and bra of course. Again, nothing was said.

Now when Kim is around I just simply hug her and then turn her around and start playing with her tits as I stand behind her. One day last week I massaged her tits for a while and then eased my hands under her sweater, pulled her bra up off her tits, and cupped her bare tits in my hand. I pinched her hard nipples and massaged her bare tits for four or five minutes before finally stopping. All the while Kim was grinding her ass against my hard dick. Once I moved my hands, Kim turned and gave me a quick kiss on the lips. Again, nothing was said.

After each or our encounters I have had to jack off just to get my dick to go down.

Yesterday Kim came over and once in the house she kissed me then turned with her back against my body. I immediately pulled her sweater up and pulled her bra over her tits and started playing with her bare tits. This time I went one step farther. As my left hand massaged her beautiful young tits I ran my right hand down her stomach and outside her pants and panties and cupped her pussy. I could tell as soon as my hand touched her crotch that she was extremely wet. I rubbed the outside of her crotch for a few minutes.In less than two minutes Kim's head leaned back against my chest and she had an orgasm like you would not believe. Slick juice poured out of her pussy and puddled in my hand when she came. She let out a long moan and then;-ooohhh,nooo.

As she shuddered in her climax,I felt warm liquid owerflow my hand and with a hissing sound, it was also pouring down her legs.

I was allready excited from playing with her tits and pussy, and giving her an orgasm while her ass was rubbing against my dick, made me ready to explode.

So when she wet herself from her orgasm, I actually came in my pants.

Kim turned around still shaking. She gave me a quick kiss, grabbed her crotch, looked down at my wet cum-patch in my pants, and then at her own pants.

- I quess we can call it a draw, she said with a grin, and with that she hurried to the bathroom.

I walked into the hall to go upstairs to change pants,but before I reached the stairs, the front door was opened, and her mother came in.

Hello , she said, and then she looked down and saw the patch in my pants...

