Young and drunk at a gay bar in Germany!

3rd August 2008, 12:28 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

Honestly.. hic. i shouldn't write anything now.. not now.. I'm very drunk, you.. hic..you know...where was i..? Yes, I've a bit hard keeping my thoughts gathered together enough to tell this story, you know.. hehe! But it's because I'm so drunk that I came to think about it.. You know it's about one time I became very drunk too.. And.. damn it! Now I peed my panties again! It's so destracting when I'm trying to tell a story.. but nice in a way too.. hehe! Wonder how I can have so much pee in me to night..? hic.. got to do something about the darn hiccups.. maybe a stiff drink of g&t will do the trick? I'll try it.. Did I say that I've a story to tell..? hic.. Cheers!!

I was 19.. I was graduated and free to spend the summer in wichever way I wanted.. So I decided to go by train around Europe.. all by myself.. not knowing from one day to the other where my next stop would be.

Somewhere in Germany.. I lied on my bed in a hotelroom and suddenly I was overwhelmed by an irresistible desire to meet a girl and make love to her! I dressed nice and sexy, short skirt, nylon stockings, garterbelt, pink, thin silk panties, no bra and an almost seethrough blouse... I went down and asked the receptionist if she could recommend a gay bar. She could and she called for a taxi and off I went!

I had my first drink at the bar and looked around.. I spotted a small table that was free, brought my drink and sat down. I heard a low voice from behind..

- "May I offer you the next drink?"

I turned my head. The voice belonged to a cute girl, maybe a couple of years older than me. She was dressed in an exclusive dress, obviously very expensive and round her neck she had a beautiful pearl necklace (really big pearls!).. hic.. darn!

- "Sure! Please join me!"

And she sat down beside me and soon there were more drinks at the table! She was really nice and after a while she ordered a magnum of champagne! Pretty fast I got pretty tipsy! We sat in a little sofa and obviously she must have moved closer to me (or was it I?) cuz i felt the warmth from her thigh against mine. I looked down and saw that her skirt had risen high up on her legs, her thighs gleamed opal white above her nylon stockings! It was such an arousing sight and I thought I should tease her a little too.. So I pulled up my skirt till my panty crotch was shown.. But I did it so clumsily that she noticed that I did it on purpose..

- "Oh, my dear! That's right! Your legs are wonderful!"

And so she placed a hand on my thigh and caressed it up.. and more up.. and even further up... I shivered when her hand left the nylon stocking and reached the naked skin... For a while her hand rested there..

She filled my glass with more champagne.. the magnum bottle was almost finished... I needed to pee..

- "Sara, I got to visit the little girls room.."

- "Oh, me too actually.. but try to hold on, look at the queue!"

I turned my head. It was a really big queue! Well I thought it was no big deal.. surely I could wait..

I felt her hand move again.. I was only 19.. not as forward as I'm nowaday. But I was pretty drunk and that made me dare.. so I put my hand on her thigh and carressed it.. and feeling her hand on my crotch, I opened my legs.. I was so turned on by this german girl's carresses..

She fondled my pussy outside my panties, that by now must have been really damp from my juices! When she hit my clit it was as she'd pushed a button that opened the sluices! Oh, yes! I lost control and peed myself! I was so freightened and embarrassed by what I was doing. that I began to cry..

- "Nein, nein, mein Liebchen! Don't cry! I think it's so cute that you're wetting your panties! I love it!!"

And she kept on fondling my pussy while my pee streamed through her fingers! I peed for ever and suddenly I came, gushing my pee even harder! I moaned loud (luckily the music was loud too..), turned to her and hugged and kissed her! And while we were hugging and kissing I felt my hand on her pussy becoming wet! Now she was peeing! I rubbed her pussy and clit hard and violently and still peeing she came hard!!

After a few more orgasms and more wetting, she took my hand and we stumbled, very drunk, out from the bar.. Our skirts and stockings were very wet and from our shoes came funny, splashing sounds every step we took.. We took a taxi to her apartment.. I spent a week with her.. making love and peeing everywhere and everytime.. We drank a lot of wine and liquor all the time and were not sober a single minute..

And sober is the least I am right now too..hic.. Ooops!! I peed again!!

A very tipsy Yvette.

