The Peewee Club

6th October 2006, 12:56 PM

Author: peewee25

Location: Europe (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 52

Pissing Clubs: The Peewee Club

Samantha hitched up her skirt, squatted down by the side of the country road and waited. She was dying for a pee, but she was determined to wait until someone passed. Ideally it should be a cyclist; a car would pass so quickly the driver would only get a glimpse of what she was doing and if a pedestrian appeared she could not justify squatting in a pissing position until he got close enough to see.

If she started pissing shortly after the cyclist appeared, she would still be in full flow as he passed. Now there was something unusual about this situation, something that made it obvious that Samantha was not just some poor girl who had been taken short by the roadside, quite simply, Samantha had not dropped her knickers! This, of course was intentional. Firstly, pissing through her knickers gave her an orgasm and secondly there were few men who could politely look away when they saw a woman deliberately wetting herself and Samantha's orgasm was at its most intense when she was being watched.

Her patience was rewarded. A bicycle appeared round the corner, ridden by a respectable, balding middle-aged man with glasses. Samantha made sure her skirt was well hitched up, she opened her legs as wide as she could without falling over and, as soon as the man was close enough, started to piss. How good it felt as the dampness spread across her knickers so that some of the warm, golden pee trickled down her legs The cyclist did not fail her.

He had been surprised enough to see a woman squatting by the roadside in the first place, but when he became aware that she was pissing through her knickers he could not take his eyes off her. Not only was she still pissing when he passed, she was on the verge of orgasm. The cyclist turned his head as he passed and kept his eyes on her, but when this became physically impossible, instead of simply continuing on his way, he stopped, leant his bicycle against the hedge and continued staring at Samantha. This was too much! She let out a moan, followed by something approaching a scream, and abandoned herself to orgasm, gently touching her dripping knickers as she did so.

The orgasm brought her back to reality and suddenly she was aware that this man, although he looked harmless enough, could possibly be some sort of maniac. She stood up and looked at him. Suddenly she noticed a stain appearing in front of his trousers. It started spreading and she realised that he was wetting himself! Deliberately, too, that was obvious from the satisfied smile on his face. Samantha smiled back and the man, having emptied his bladder, proceeded to unzip his trousers and reveal a long, thick, still dripping prick in a state of semi-erection. He started rubbing it, slowly but firmly and within seconds it was standing upright. Samantha's hand went down to her clitoris. She was already ripe for another orgasm.

She pulled up her skirt and removed her soaking knickers. As the man's hand moved faster up and down the shaft of his prick, Samantha's fingers flickered over her clitoris and then one disappeared into her wet pussy. How good it felt. She kept her eyes on the man's massive prick and thought how good it would feel inside her. Why not? She stood up and started walking towards the man, putting up her hand in front of her as if to say «Wait!' But she was too late.

When she was about three metres from the man, a stream of sperm shot out towards her, followed by another, smaller one. The man smiled, shook his prick, wiped it with his forefinger which he then licked, pushed it with some difficulty back into his trousers and did up his zip. Then he mounted his bicycle and set off down the road. Samantha wondered whether the man was married and what his wife would say when he arrived home with wet trousers. Always prepared herself, she took a clean pair of knickers from her handbag, slipped them on, put the wet ones in a plastic bag and set off for her car which was parked at a layby round the next corner.

Samantha belonged to the Peewee Club, and regularly attended their weekly meetings with her friend Penny. The club, which was strictly for ladies only, with a monthly guest night when men friends could be invited, had been formed by a couple of lesbians who were into pissing and the original membership of five had quickly swelled to over twenty, purely by word of mouth. Clitty and Labia, as the lesbians were known, had converted a large garage into a «pissing parlour» with soft, plastic covered furniture and floor drainage, where those who attended the meetings were able to indulge their «little weakness» in any way they liked.

They were encouraged to use their imagination, though, and Clitty and Labia took photographs and made videos, purely for internal use. Everyone masturbated as well of course, and although the majority of members were officially heterosexual, many of them married, mutual masturbation was very popular. As the meetings lasted ninety minutes there were other, non-sexual, activities on hand, such as table tennis, cards, dancing and watching videos, all of which were performed in various stages of undress and invariably developed into sex-play. Penny liked to dance with Samantha and stroke her breasts. At a certain stage in the dance she would pee in her knickers, revelling in the feel of the warm piss trickling down her legs. She would then masturbate, or let Samantha masturbate her through her wet knickers.

Samantha was a compulsive masturbator and could enjoy at least six orgasms during the ninety-minute session and, by arriving with a full bladder and then drinking plenty of water while she was there, she was able to both start and finish the session with a pissing exhibition. There were climbing bars on one of the walls, and she liked to go to the top, turn round and piss as far as she could into the room. There was always someone below who enjoyed a warm shower. One or two girls like to take the piss directly in the mouth, but most liked either to stand and let it trickle over their breasts and down to their sex, or to lie down and take the piss directly onto their fannies while they masturbated.

The favourite card game was «pwhist», which was basically the conventional knockout whist, except as each person was knocked out they had to perform for the others. This meant pissing or masturbating or both and the overriding rule was that no contestant could repeat the act of the earlier performers. Thus, this had one girl pissing while standing on her head, so that the piss ran down over her stomach and breasts and onto her face, another pissing into her cupped hands and then washing herself with it and a third calmly pissing into a white trouser suit while calmly reciting «Shall I compare thee to a summer's day».

A few were into filling their knickers with shit as well as pissing. This was considered quite acceptable and most of the non-shitters were turned on by it. Some of these, Penny included, were tempted into trying it. Shitters were, naturally, expected to clean up afterwards and disinfect and deodorize themselves and any areas where the shit may have dropped!

The monthly «Guest Night' doubled the number present as no girl had difficulty in finding a man who was turned on by watching women pissing and masturbating. Naturally, the men were obliged to do the same - and they never had any trouble fulfilling their obligations! Straight sex was not allowed. It had been tried at the beginning but had been found to change the whole tone of the proceedings and so penis/vagina and penis/anus contacts were out, though blow-jobs were not. Since, in most cases, the men were not able to have as many orgasms during the ninety minutes as the women, they were encouraged simply to watch and play with themselves for the first half hour and then join in with the girls on an equal footing.

As far as pissing was concerned, the men seemed to get most pleasure from pissing over one or more girls, but there were those who pissed in their trousers while dancing or playing table tennis and some even lay down and pissed into their own mouths. The girls got most pleasure from watching the men masturbate and as many of the men were married to wives from whom they were obliged to keep their auto-erotic tendencies secret, they took extra-pleasure from masturbating to an all-too-willing audience.

The men who came with Samantha and Penny were not regular boy-friends but two bi-sexuals whom Penny had once seen masturbating together, though not each other, in the park. She had followed them home, waited a short while and then rung the bell asking if she could use the toilet. As they been rather surprised and did not immediately invite her in, she decided to wet her pants there and then on the doorstep. This took Ben and Roger completely by surprise and they invited her in and offered her a change of clothing. She accepted and surprised them even further not only by taking off her wet trousers and knickers in front of them but also by starting to masturbate openly.

«You will excuse me, won't you? Wetting myself always turns me on. I'll have to bring myself off.»

Of course, they did excuse her, masturbated themselves while they watched her, and thus a sexual friendship was sealed. Ben and Roger were not then into pissing but Penny and Samantha, who visited them at least once a week, soon changed that and persuaded them to join them at the Peewee Club on «Guest Night'.

Clitty and Labia had been together since they were teenagers. Clitty had got a kick out of pissing herself for most of her life. Many attempts had been made to cure her of both bed-wetting and daytime incontinence and nobody even considered the possibility that she was doing it because she enjoyed it! She had her first, spontaneous, orgasm at the age of eleven while wetting her knickers on the swings in the recreation ground. After that she largely stopped openly wetting herself, but did it secretly, washing her wet clothes herself. Labia went to the same school as Clitty but was two years younger. She fell in love with Clitty when the older girl became captain of the hockey team and Clitty took advantage of the young hero-worshipper, initiating her into both masturbating and pissing. They would piss in the shower after sports and then see if they could masturbate unnoticed by the other girls, by washing their pussies extra-thoroughly.

«Washing one's private parts well is so important,» they would tell the others and most believed them, some of them discovering that it was quite pleasurable as well.

Clitty and Labia became inseparable and «came out» with their lesbian relationship long before Labia left school. They would meet regularly and indulge in mutual masturbation and pissing and when they were both «of age' they set up house together. They found many women of all sexual persuasions who enjoyed the occasional «fling' with another woman and their flat became an open meeting place for regular and «part-time' lesbians, few of whom were not soon converted to the practice of «pissing'. Clittie and Labia derived most pleasure from pissing in public.

They made a habit of joining queues for the ladies loo and engaging the sympathy of the other impatient «queuers' by failing to last out. It was not unusual for others behind them in the queue to be unwillingly forced to join them, the sight and sound of piss trickling down the legs and on to the floor being too much for them. This always brought Clittie and Labia to orgasm. Other places where they would be «taken short' would be bus queues, supermarket queues and, most popular, in the street far away from any public conveniences, where they would desperately ask for directions and, on hearing that the nearest toilets were X number of streets away, would immediately let go and surprise/shock the unfortunate passer-by.

There had been several attempts to close the «Peewee Club». From some of the sounds coming from the converted garage, neighbours had assumed that Clittie and Labia were running some sort of brothel and reported them to the police. A rather attractive plain clothes WPC called Frances had been sent to investigate and not only had she been unable to discover anything that contravened the laws of the land, she had also become hooked on pissing and joined the club.

She became very attracted to Wilma who liked licking the nipples on her bulbous breasts while she masturbated, while Wilma herself was turned on by Frances's almost non-existent breasts. Frances soon found that she could reach orgasm simply by pissing and started to wet her pants from time to time while on duty, wearing a nappy to soak up the pee. Eventually her colleague Patsy realised Frances was having an orgasm seemingly without any stimulus and asked for the recipe. This resulted in a much closer relationship and joint pissing and masturbating sessions both on and off duty.

There were several other instances of members of the Peewee Club «infecting' outsiders and spreading the joys of pissing in all directions. I was fortunate to meet and have a brief but very rewarding relationship with a girl who was a friend of a friend of a Peewee Club member. I did already pee in my pants occasionally, but only at home, in the bathroom. Thanks to Pat, who introduced me to the true joys of pissing by suddenly wetting her pants while I was kissing her goodnight after a visit to a pornographic cinema showing lesbian films, where I was one of only three men present, I now piss regularly, while out jogging or walking, in the cinema and occasionally openly in the street.

I can also reach orgasm after peeing without any physical contact. I live in the hope of one day meeting a member of the exclusive Peewee Club who will invite me to attend «guest night'. In the meantime I shall have to be satisfied with the inspiration I have received from what I have heard about the Club and continue to develop and enjoy my private pissing activities. I'm beginning to leak a bit now - I'm just going to let go and".

