A summer job (fiction)

26th May 2016, 07:04 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

NOTE: I am going to write this during breaks at work -- on my phone -- so it will be an "ongoing" story, added to as I get the chance. It is different than my other "stories" because I actually have the whole story planned out. My "stream of conscience" stories seem to run out of momentum.

A SUMMER JOB

"Mom, it's just a summer." I pleaded.

"In a remote part of Canada." She gave me a sad look, "Bill, it's like you'really hiding from life. No sports.."

"Mom you're the one who didn't want me playing rugby.."

Mom sighed, "Billy, I can't believe you don't have a girlfriend. Look at you, six foot tall, broad shoulders, good look. You take after your father.. Now he was a man's man. A three star general, a true ladies man and gentleman as well.."

"And look where it got him.." I started to say. I didn't want to think about the trouble I had with girls. I'd never hugged or kissed a girl in my life, and when I got close to an attractive girl I would go into a panic attack. I couldn't think, I couldn't speak intelligently.

"He died a hero, fighting for our freedom."

"He died.. He left us... I didn't need a hero for a father.. He was never around, and we were always moving. Mom, it has always been just you and me.."

I saw pain in my mother's eyes suddenly replaced by fear. My mother gasped, "How old he? How old is Sam?! You told me he goes to another school. Is he in college?"

"Sam's the same age as me, mom... S-Sam goes to some private school." My mom would never understand about the relationship between me and Sam. And I wasn't ready to discuss it with her.

"Well it's not normal for young men to spend all of their free time at the library.." My mom gave me a pained suspicious look, "What exactly is this job? You know we have plenty of money, and with your grades I would have thought you would be applying to some University about now."

"Sam's was rich, and he bought a fancy lodge in Canada, and converted it into a mansion. I'll mainly just be mowing the lawns. It's huge. The job title is 'groundskeeper'."

"And that's what you want to spend your summer doing?" She looked at me with suspicious disbelief. "How did this job come available? Don't they already have full time staff?"

"The groundskeeper got the maid pregnant."

My mom rolled her eyes and laughed , "That figures. What else is there to do up there."

And there was some truth in that. I wasn't fooling my mom. She knew that the only reason I wanted to take that job was to spend time with Sam.

