/chrissy-and-elizabeth-part-3/35011/

Chrissy and Elizabeth Part 3

8th May 2009, 10:37 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

It was a beautiful Tuesday morning in San Diego. She was staying in a beach front condo with her beautiful lover Chrissy while on Spring Break. The last two days she and Chrissy had enjoyed the most intense sex of their almost six month relationship. Despite all of this, Elizabeth was upset. Lying in bed and staring at the ceiling, she reflected over the events of the past couple of days. On Sunday she had needed to pee while playing out in the ocean, and, on Chrissy's suggestion, had done so in the water.

Somehow the experience had ended in Chrissy fingering Elizabeth's pussy while she was pissing. Elizabeth later returned the favor to Chrissy in the shower. Then yesterday the pair had given each other golden showers, and had licked the piss off of each other's bodies. They had even gone to the store last night to buy a water proof mattress cover for their bed, so that their pissing games didn't have to be confined to the ocean and the shower. To her surprise, Elizabeth had enjoyed all of this immensely. And that was precisely what was bothering her.

«Chrissy, honey», Elizabeth said, waking up the beautiful brunette, «are we some kind of sicko-perverts?»

«What!?» Chrissy replied, a little groggy from just waking up. «What in the hell are you talking about?»»

«All of this water sports stuff we are doing. I mean, it took a while for my parents to accept us as a couple, and even your parents were taken aback when we first told them. Hell, we each had friends that were a little weirded out when they found out that we were bisexual. What would they say if they knew that we were pissing on each other?»

«Elizabeth, relax. It's not like we're going to start peeing on each other at the table right before Thanksgiving dinner. Our parents aren't going to know. Our friends aren't going to know. Nobody is going to think of us any differently, because they're not going to know what we do to each other in the bedroom.»

«Still, didn't you always think that golden showers and stuff would be gross?» asked Elizabeth. «Everybody else does. Yet here we are having incredibly intense sex while doing it. Is there something wrong with us?»

«Look, lover, didn't you worry that there was something wrong with you when you first noticed that you were attracted to girls?» Chrissy asked.

«Well, yeah. Especially with the way my family always talked», Elizabeth replied.

«You've now accepted those feelings, despite what some people think. Our pee games are also something that a lot of people would frown upon. But we enjoy it, we're not harming anybody, and nobody needs to know. So what if society as a whole doesn't like it. Fuck them!»

Elizabeth thought about, and knew that Chrissy was right. The wet games that they played were fun and sexy, and they harmed no one. With her worries behind her, Elizabeth rolled herself on top of her lover, and started to kiss her.

«So you're not upset and worried anymore?» Chrissy asked her.

«How's this for your answer?» Suddenly Chrissy felt very wet. Elizabeth was pissing on her through her panties. Some of the piss was soaking Chrissy's panties as well, some of it was running off of her torso and onto the sheets, and some of it was forming a bright yellow puddle in Chrissy's navel.

«Wow, that's hot!» exclaimed Chrissy. «But I thought that you only wanted to play these games when we'd been drinking lots of water.»

«Aw, hell, honey, I'm not going to taste it right now!» replied Elizabeth, her bladder still emptying all over her girlfriend. «I just thought pissing on each other might be fun!»

Elizabeth was right, Chrissy was having fun. The sexy brunette started to reach for her pussy, and Elizabeth shifted her body to allow her lover full access. Chrissy loved the way her wet panties felt as she reached her hand in, and also loved the feel of the warm piss still emanating from her lover. She started to rub her clit as Elizabeth stream started to turn into a trickle. As soon as Elizabeth was finished, she laid down next to her lover, kissing her passionately, enjoying the wetness she had created.

Elizabeth reached into Chrissy's panties, replacing her lovers hand with her own. Chrissy returned the favor, inserting her hand into Elizabeth's soaking wet panties. As the two were fingering each other, Chrissy released the piss that had been building up inside her.

Elizabeth was incredibly turned on by the torrent of piss that was hitting her hand, wetting both of their bodies, and soaking the bed sheets. The two women came almost simultaneously. After coming off of their orgasms, they continued to kiss each other and play with their lover's wet body in the piss soaked sheets. After fingering each other to another orgasm, they decided to get up and start their day.

After showering and throwing the sheets and their wet clothes in the washer, the pair hit the beach. They brought along plenty of water with them. While out playing in the water, Chrissy decided that she need to pee. «Hey, lover, there's something I need you to help me with», she told Elizabeth.

«What is it honey?» asked Elizabeth.

«I need to take a piss!» Chrissy replied.

«Me too. Here, let me help you out!»

The pair stood close together, reached into the other's bikini bottom, and started to piss in the cold water. They both gave a pleasurable moan when they felt their lover's warm piss on their fingers. As they were fingering each other's pussies, they could feel the hot spurts of piss hitting their hands, which turned them on even more. Both reached orgasm before they finished their long piss.

After a couple of more hours of fun on the beach, Chrissy and Elizabeth returned to the condo. Both needed to take a piss pretty badly, but neither made a move to the bathroom. Elizabeth went to the linen closet and pulled out a comforter to place over the bed, as it was still stripped from the events of the morning. Both girls jumped onto the comforter and into each other's arms. They began to passionately kiss each other, their hands exploring each other's bodies.

Elizabeth motioned Chrissy to lay on her back, and laid on top of her lover, continuing to kiss her lips. She then began to move down her body, planting kisses on Chrissy's neck and chest, pulling down the bikini top in order to expose her tits. Elizabeth could taste the saltiness of the ocean water as she began to lick and suck Chrissy's nipples. Chrissy let out a moan of pleasure, as she loved the loved the way Elizabeth always attacked her tits. After paying sufficient attention to those beautiful breasts, Elizabeth decided that her bladder wasn't going to hold off much longer. «I've got to pee, honey», she said, looking up at Chrissy. «Where do you want it?

«My tits», responded Chrissy. «I loved the way it felt when you pissed on my tits yesterday.»

Elizabeth straddled Chrissy's body, her pussy hovering above Chrissy's tits. After taking a second to relax she started shooting a strong stream of piss on onto her lover. Chrissy gasped when she felt the warm piss hit her tits, and started to rub them. The piss was hitting Chrissy's tits and the hands she was using to massage them, and from their spraying all over the place. Chrissy opened her mouth to catch the drops that were headed towards her face. Deciding that this wasn't enough, Chrissy slid her body down the bed, so that now the piss stream was headed straight to her mouth.

Elizabeth loved the naughty sight and sound of her piss splashing in her lover's mouth. She loved watching Chrissy try to swallow her piss, and watching the piss that she couldn't swallow spray and run all over Chrissy and the bed. «God, that looks fucking hot!» the beautiful redhead exclaimed.

Eventually Elizabeth's stream was reduced to a trickle, at which time Chrissy placed her mouth over her lover's urethra, taking in the last few spurts of piss. As soon as her lover had finished pissing, Chrissy started to eat the beautiful pussy before her. The sensation of Chrissy's tounge on her clit, combined with naughtiness of what she had just witnessed, caused Elizabeth to cum very quickly. When her orgasm had subsided, Elizabeth laid down on top of Chrissy and began passionately kissing the sexy brunette. She then started to lick droplets of piss off of her lover's face, neck, and tits, paying extra special attention to the piss soaked breasts and nipples.

Elizabeth then proceeded to move down her lover's body, until she finally reached Chrissy's beautiful pussy. The redhead gave her lover's clit a few playful licks before ferociously attacking the lovely pussy in front of her. It didn't take long for Chrissy's body to respond with a strong orgasm. As she was still cumming Chrissy's full bladder decided to empty itself. Elizabeth was surprised when the spurt of piss first hit her, but quickly responded by moving her face back a few inches, opening her mouth, and trying to take in all of Chrissy's hot piss.

Elizabeth discovered that a full mouthful of piss tasted stronger than the little droplets she had previously licked up, but, as Chrissy's urine was pretty clear, it didn't taste bad at all. More importantly, the naughtiness of what she was doing thrilled and excited her. She did her best to drink as much of the piss as she could. When Chrissy's stream started to subside, she mimicked the actions of her lover, placing her mouth above the urethra to suck in the last few spurts of piss.

When Chrissy had finally finished pissing, Elizabeth got up and laid next to her lover. The pair passionately kissed each other, with Chrissy taking time out to lick her own piss off of her lover's face. «Wow, that was awesome!» the sexy brunette exclaimed.

«You're right, it was amazing!» replied the Elizabeth.

«Are you still worried about being some sort of sicko-pervert?» asked Chrissy.

«Naw, I've decided to embrace my inner sicko-pervert», joked Elizabeth.

«That's good, because I drank a ton of water today. Be prepared for a repeat in not too long.»

«Ooh, I'm looking forward to it», replied Elizabeth, as she snuggled up to her lover on the piss soaked bed.

The End?

