Invited To Watch Three Girls Peeing

14th July 2009, 03:41 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I happened to be taking care of our homemade baseball field that we had made on a neighbors property. I was mowing it. It just happened that when I was there mowing it I had company stop by which was Barbie S,Brenda and her younger sistor Susan. They happened to be riding by and saw me mowing and stopped for a visit.

I saw them and hut off the mower and walked over to them. I hadn't seen Barbie S for a couple of weeks and Susan and Brenda for a month or better. So we all sat down under a tree so we would be in the shade instead of the hot sun. We sat and talked for awhile catching up on what all of us had been up to. Brendaa and Susan had moved so that is why I hadn't seen them for so long.

We had been sitting there talking for about a half hour. Susan spoke up saying that she needed to pee. Anyone else? she asked. Barbie S told Susan that she also had to piss. Brenda also said yes and those three got up and started walking over to where there were some bushes across the old dirt road that ran by the baseball field and the shade tree we were sitting under.

Susan spoke up as the three of them walked away asked me if I was comming witrh them. Before I could answer her Brenda said loudly; No Victor stay there. You arn't going to watch me pee. Barbei S and Susan stopped walking and stared hard at Brenda for a moment. Then SAusan said Why not Brenda? You have seen Victor piss and you certainly have pissed in front of him. I know that you have!

Barbie S then said the same thing and also added that Brenda had done other things with Victor besides letting him watch you piss. I saw Brendas face turn a little pinker. Then she said all right Victor can come with us. But he has also got to show us his I mean he has also got to piss too. Both Susan and Barbie S laughed for that they knew that Brenda was going to say cok or prick instead. Susan stil laughing told Brenda that she would see my cock if I did piss with them. Brenda looked at Susan and she managed a put a smile on her face.

They stood there waiting for me whgich I got up from sitting on the ground under the shade tree and walked over to them. Then we all walked over quickly across tghe little dirt road and into the bushes n the other side of the road. After cuting around several of the large berry bushes we stopped. We were out of sight from the little dirt road,the baseball field, and the highway up on the little ridge that it ran by on.

Now Barbie S was the oldest followed by Brenda then Susan. Barbie S was a blonde which she wore it long and straight. Brenda was a redhead which her hair was short. Susan was a brunette and like Barbie S Susans hair was long and straight also. Susan was wearing a tight pair of pink shorts and a pink and whgite striped top. Brenda had on a pair of blue shorts with a lighter shade of blue top. Barbie S was wearing a faded yellow summer dress which was to her knees.

Susan who had mentioned that she needed to piss when we were talking while siting in the shade under the tree by the baseball field quickly pulled down her tight pink shorts. She must have really needed to piss for she didn't wait for Brenda or Barbie S. Susan was also not wearing panties under her pink shorts. In the past when she had let me watch her go to the bathroom either inside or outside she sometimes had panties on other times not.

Susan yanked her shorts down to where they just reached her knees. She stooped down slightly crssed her arms on her thighs and as soon as she did this she sent out from her cute vagina one hell of a piss stream! It was real wide headed and narrowed right down into a long twist. It didn't shoot staright down from her vagina. Instead it angled outward as it went down towards the grass on the ground.

Good thing Susan didn't have her pink shorts down lower or had gotten down into a lower position getting into a squat for she would have had her piss stream shoot right into her pink shorts! Barbie S seeing how Susans piss stream was comming out said to Susan; Good thing you didn't squat Susan. You would have pissed right into your shorts! Susan was watching her own stream giggled just slightly and knodded her her head yes in agreement.

Where we were in this grass clearing in the bushes there was plenty of sunlight. So Susans piss stream sparkled in the sun light. Where her piss was wetting the grass it to sparkled in the sunlight. As I watched Susan piss I was glad she went first. One she had always been very open with lettng me watch her. Plus she had a nice full firm nice asscheeks for a small girl. Plus her vagina was also nice to see. Her clit was almost like a pink button. Her side lips were thin and small but did reun the entire length of her slit which too was small. The other good reason that I always liked about Susan was when she had to piss she REALLY DID TAKE A PISS! This time was no exception!

Susan just kept on going with this hard stream of piss for what seemed at least to me a very long time. Then her stream slowly eased which when it did it started hissing very faintly at first. As her stream thinned as it eased the hissing got louder and louder. I now smiled for I always enjoyed beside watching a girl piss was the woderfull sound of the ghiss of a girls piss stream! The loud hissing kept up but did quit just before Susan's piss stream came to a stop.

It wasn't realy a stop though. For Susan let out spurt after spurts of piss which each one did hiss as they came out. She made several spurts come out which she was just making sure that her bladder would be empty. The last spurt came out. Susan didn't dribble or drip any piss after the last spurt had come out so she reached for her pink shorts started pulling them back up as she stood up straight.

As Susan pulled her pink shorts up she then asked Wo's going next? Barbie S spoke up and told Susan she was going last as far as us girls. Let Victor be the last one. Barbie S laughed when she said I was going to be the last one. So that being all said Brenda was forced to go next. Having Brenda going next and being Susans sistor Susan guggled hard. Brenda gave her a dirty look back but she did step over by where Susan had pissed and she pulled down her blue shorts. Brenda yanked them down past her knees. She then tugged down a matching blue pair of panties that matched the blue color of her shorts. She yanked them down into her blue shorts.

Now Brenda unlike Susan she had a small patch of red pubic hair that almost matched her hair on her head. It was very short almost like fuzz it was that short. It was only a small area above her vagina. Now instead of having a button shaped clit lie Susan has Brendas clit was a very long but thin shaped one. Her slit was much longer with thin lips like Susans. Brendas lips did form flaps under the slit like Susan had also.

Brenda too also had a nice ass for hers was like Susans cute litle ass nice firm and full but just a slightly bigger version. Brenda got down in a low squat for her piss. Her vagina was only inches up from the top tips of the blades of grass under her.Many of the blades of grass that were not under her vagina but were under her ass were bent over by her asscheeks since she was sqauting down so low.

Brenda took several seconds for her to start her piss. When she did start she only started by dribbling which wetted her vagina ran down under it it split dribbling off fromher asscheeks and wetted the blades of grass that were bent over by her asscheeks. Feling her ass getting real wet from her ownpiss and the now wet blades of grass Brenda stopped pissing.

She then trampled the grass down that was under her ass with her feet. Then she resqauted down and she resumed pissing. She started dribbling again at first but that was for a few short seconds then she started to go harder which made a stream form. Her stream went straight down into the now trampled grass. Her stream was a light yellow and it didn't his and only had a very short twist in it. She wouldn't piss hard enough to have her stream hiss. But she would piss almost as long as Susan had gone. So it was a good one in that way.

Durring the time that Brenda pissed she did have to shuffle her feet apart. She most like ly wasn't used to be down in a squat pissing. Whenever I had seen her piss which was not all that often unlike her sistor Susan Brenda was sitting when she pissed. This was either inside on the toilet or when outside on the picnic table bench,a swing, on a chair, or something else. In fact this time Brenda since she was pissing slowly and which like I said she took a long time to go wound up moving herself three times.

Then as Brendas piss came to its end she ended by the way she started. She dribbled a lot. She wetted her vagina, her entire lower crotch,and both asscheeks again for several long seconds. Withherself being that wet with her own piss she told Barbie S go ahead and go. I'm going to have to air dry. Susan giggled hard and Barbie S told Brenda ok she would go. So Brenda stayed sqauted drying off as Barbie S yanked her summer dress right up above her waist.

Now Barbie S being the oldest she had a good patch of blonde long curly pubic hair all around her vagina. She asslo was the heaviest of the tree too. To would I say fat but for her hiegth pleasingly plump! Her ass was very nice looking. Large cheeks,well curved with a very long asscrack. They were firm too. Her vagina had a large stub and her slit was long and wide. Her side lips were like Brenda's in that they just went just beside the slit with no flaps. Hers were just wider not as thin as Brendas.

Now Barbie S would piss standing a lot of times whether she was inside or outside. She was going to stand in pisss this time. Susan giggled real hard now for she knew Barbie S was going to stand and go. Brenda still squating just looked over at Barbie S and waited for her to piss. Barbie S sreaded her feet wide apart and she then took her free hand that wasn't holding her dress up placed it down above her vagina took two fingers and spreaded her slit open and lifted up her clit.

It only took Barbie S a few seconds to start pissing. When she did she sent a nice arcing stream though the air which came down almost past me where I was standing. That was a good four feet at least! Susan giggled real hard seeing how far Barbie S's stream was going. Brenda stared with a hard stare as she saw how far Barbies piss stream had gone. Then Brenda said to Barbie S Gee that almost looks lie the way I guy pisses. Barbie S smiled and said yes to Brenda and Susan giggle even louder.

There was no hissing with Barbie S;s stream at least not at first. Her piss stream sure did wet a lot of the grass where it was landing in the grass. There was only the sound of the grass being wetted as she pissed untill her stream did start hissing. When her stream did start hissing her stream had risen making a higher longer arc in the air so since that happened her stream moved forward a least another good foot in the grass making another good size wet spot in the grass.

Barbie S too like both Susan and Brenda took a good long piss. That could have been too like thge other two her bladder was full or since she was older her bladder was bigger. It could have been both of those reasons or one or the other. Still which reason it may have been Barbie S still took a nice long piss. When Barbie s neared the end of her piss her stream eased slowly which made its arc slowly fall and her stream started comming back toward her wetting the grass as it came back towards her. Also its hissing got softer but stopped before her stream stopped flowing.

Like Susan had done Barbie S did a couple of spurts of piss after her stream stopped. Her spurts were hard enough so that they shot out to where her stream had gone the furthest. Then that was it. She finished afetr sending out those two good spurts. She took her hand away from her vagina and clit. She also took her hand off from her dress that she was holding it up with and it fell back down. She was done.

Now it was my turn. So as I started to pull down the zipper on my cutoff jeans shorts Brenda now stood up pulling up her blue panties and blue shorts together in a hurry. A she did this she said loudly to me; Victor wait don't g yet! So I only pulled my zipper dow and waited for Brenda to take care of her panties and shorts. As I stood there waiting for Brenda Susan spoke up. Victor pull yur shorts down! Don't just pull your thing out! I want to see it all!

Susan always liked when I had my pants or shorts pulled down. She really liked seeing my penis and my balls! That always got her excited much more if I did that and then pissed. Her reason was when I did do it it was like the way a little boy would piss with his shorts or pants pulled down. Brenda was the same way but for a different reason. She liked seeing my ass! She was a ass girl at heart! She too right after Susan asked me to pull my shorts down told me to do it. Barbie S stood there with a big smile on her face for she also liked seeing me do it.

Brenda was now finished with her panties and shorts. So I pulled my zipper all the way down. Then I popped the butto on them. Susan who was standing off to my right suddenly took the few running steps needed to get over to me came over and she yanked my shorts down! They slipped right down around my sneakers once they had gone over my hips and Susan had let go of them.

Brenda yelled out; SUSAN! Susan giggled hard a she now stepped away from me. Barbie S also stood there and laughed. Brenda now even giggled as she stood there and stared right at my fully erect penis which was so stiff it had its usuall inward curve in its shaft so that its head was pressed right up on my lower belly. Susan then said to me loudly; Victor has his big bananna! She now laughed loudly with both Brenda and Barbie S joining in with Susan laughing.

Then Brenda took a quick walk over with Barbie S together. Brenda gave my erect penis a good looking over and then she gave my ass a look over too. She gave my one asscheek a light slap with her hand saying nice ass as she dide it. Then she stepped back over to where she had stood before she came over. Barbie S waited for Brenda to take her looks and get back to where she was and then she turned around stood next to me and she reached down and took a hold of my erect penis! Now this is one of the best parts I like! She announced to Susan and Brenda. Having a good hold on a man! she said to them also. Both Susan and Brenda again burst out laughing hard.

As both Barbie S and I waited for Susan and Breda to stop thier laughing a said to Barbie S; Looks like we will have to wait for the peanut gallery to quiet down. She looked at me and laughed a little. Brenda and Susan did stop laughing after several seconds. Barbie S asked me if I was ready. I told her yes and only had to give a lsight push to start my piss this time. For I hadn't pissed since I had gotten up this morning and I had to go. My bladder like the three girls was quite full fr it sure felt that way to me right now.

Being erect and a full bladder to releive my stream came out thin but very hard. My stream was very yellow in color. Barbie S only had my erect cock pulled down far enough so that it was still up at a pretty good angle. Being like this my stream made a very nice high long arc. Wher my piss did come down in the grass it was better then six feet from me. It might have been close to seven feet instead.

Now seeing how far my piss stream was going Susan giggled hard and even Brenda gigggled some too. Then after Susan stopped her giggleing she said to me; Victor make it go farther! Breda too excitedly aske me make my piss go further. I took a quick glance at Barbie S. Should I? I asked her. She smiled and told me I could doo naything I wanted. She wouldn't mind if I did. So I said to both Susan and Brenda; For you two here I go!

So as I gave a hard push which with Barbie S's loose hold on my cock she tighteed down on it and my piss strea rose up making also a much longer arc moved forward reaching almost or even over eight feet away from me. That brought cheers,laughing, and clapping of hands from both Brenda and Susan. I would have sworn that I was puting on a show instead of just taking a piss!

I managed to keep that distance my stream was doing for a good period of time. I was pushing holding my breath while I pushed. The long distance went till I let my breath out and my stream dropped some and also came back a few feet. Both Brenda and Susan went on with thier laughing,cheering, and clapping. Barbie S let out another short giggle.

I went on with my piss for a short time longer. With my pushing it did make my time a litle shorter but still like I said it was a long one still. My stream eased up making my stream of piss fall and come back at the same time. When it was a few feet from me I was pissing very weakly which with the angle Barbie was holding my rect cok as my stream eneded my piss wetted her fingers,part of my head,and shaft.

Barbie immeadiatly switched hands on my cock and shook her fingers hard! Susan shouted out; Barbie got her fingers pissed on! Brenda giggled real hard and loud. Barbie S smiled as she she shook my piss off from her fingers. That's what I get with a good hld on a man! Then she too started laughing. Then I did a couple of good spurts of piss and I was done except havng Barbie S shake my cock. She did it a few times and that was it. All of our pissing was over.

Barbie S asked me if I wanted her to pull up my shorts. Smiling I told her she could. So she moved and stood in front of me blocking me frm Susans and Brendas sight. She had put her hand back down on my cock and started to gently stroke it with short strokes with it. Do you really want me to put this away right now? she said in a low whisper to me. I smiled back at her. I told her if your going to do that then Brenda and Susan shouldn't be here. Looks like your going to have to put it away!

Barbie told me to hang on a moment. She did have my shorts pulled up so she zipped them up being carefull when she zipped them. She did not do the buton on them though. When we came she told me they were actually going to ride to Bredas and Susans house. Those two were on thier way home. So Barbie S saw I had my watch on and looked at it.

Seeing what time it was she turned around and Brenda and Susan were still standing together she told them the time. You two better get going it is three thirty now. Susan said Oh shit! Brenda said that they better get going. Brenda asked Barbie S was she comming with them. Barbie S told Brenda she would be by later so she wasn't going to go with them. I have some other bussiness to take care of.

Susan giggled and said; Funny business with Victor? Brenda too giggled but told Susan they had to go now! So they both tok off in a quick walk. As Susan went by Barbie S and I she quickly thanked me for having some good fun. I laughed and told her she was welcome. Brenda just said goodbye and told Susan come on. Both Barbie S and I said goodbye as Susan and Brenda ran through the bushes and out of sight.

Barbie S then pulled the zipper down on my cutoff shorts and they fell down again around my sneakers. She reached down and took a hold of my still fully erect cock and started stroking her hand on it. Now we can get back to some private business! she said to me with a big smile on her face. I smiled and said back to her; THat sounds real good to me.

Barbie S stopped stroking my hardon. First I have some business to finish up with first that I didn't finish. Take your shorts off Victor. So I bent down and slipped them off from my sneakers. Then I stood up. I asked Barbie S was her unfinished business was. She smiled and said to me as she regrabbed my erect penis; I didn't finish my piss Victor! Looks like this could use a shower and she shook my hardon with her hand and she also told me I looked thirsty and hungry!

I let out a short hard laugh. Correct on everything you said! I said back to her. So I just flopped down on the grass and laid out in it. Barbie S quicklly straddled over me pulling her dress up as she did get over me. Once she reached just about to my waist she sqauted right down she started pissing which she gave my cock and balls a good quick nice golden shower with her warm piss. I got about ten seconds worth!

Then she stopped quickly got up and came and she kneled down over me and my head was up under her dress. She reached down and lifted my head up into her crotch which I gave her vagina a few fast licks with my tounge and got a nice flavor full lcks from her piss stasting vagina. I'm going to piss now! she told me so I just opned my mouth and Barbie started piss ing with just a weak stream.It did fill my mouth up in a few seconds and I tapped my finger n her thigh and she stopped pissing. I swallowed her tasty warm salty piss down. I tapped her thigh again and she restarted and I got one more mouthfull. That was it she was done with her piss. I swallowed her piss right down.

Then she got up and turned around. She got down on her knees placing her vagina at my mouth and I started having my treat. She leaned over and I felt her hand first grab on to my peis and then I fet her warm wet lips slide on to it and start moving up and down on it along with her tounge wiping it too. Needless to say all kinds of unfinished business was taken care of there in the grass outdoors in the bushes that afternoon. The End

