A Fun Saturday With Kathy And Friends Part 1

13th June 2009, 12:31 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I called Kathy Friday night just to check if our date was still on as far as tomorrow. She told me yes and I told her I would see her around noon or a little later. I now had a new job at work that had to be run on Saturday morning which was fine. I got double time to do it plus a half day off on Monday for comming in on Saturday to do the job! I couldn't beat that.

So on Saturday I went to work to run this one job. The time would vary before I got the info from the plant. That was ok for the longer I stayed the more money I made. This time I was done in two hours and it was only 10 am when I was done. I called Kathy and she was up and I told her I was done and woud be alright if I headed out to her house now. She told me that was ok and she would see me when I got there.

The other thing I had done durring the week was that I bought another Mustang convertible. This one was much nicer then my 65 Mustang and it was two years newer. Plus it was a standard instead of a automatic. I liked it even more for it was a four speed stick. I had the top down so I just hopped in strted her up and left work and I had a nice drive out through the country to Kathys house.

Fort minutes later I was on the road Kathy lived on and I slowed up as I approached her house. I saw Kathy out in the front yard but I didn;t honk the horn as I slowed to stop and she did take a look over towards my car but since I didn't tell her that I had a new car she didn't reconize that it was me. She was looking for my old Mustang.

Then she did spot me and she came running over to the car. When she got to the car she said to me; Victor when did yu get this! Oh I bought it durring the week Kathy. Very nice Victor as she looked the interior over. Let's go for a ride! she said to me as she ran around the car to get in on the passenger side.She got in and we took off for a ride.

Seeing it was a standard Kathy told me she never learned to use a standard as far as a car. Our riding lawnmower you have to shift. It looks the same as far as your car Victor. Can I try? she asked me. I told her it did work the same so I knew where we could go and she could try it out. I drove to the new middle school. There the school had a very big circle type road in front of the school and it would be a great spot for Kathy to try driving my car.

So I drove in the school pulled up to where we were infront of the main entrance and I stopped and shut the engine off and we switched places. Kathy started the car up and I told her the shifting pattern. Up and left is first straight down second,upover to the right third, and straight down fourth. Kathy with excitement said; I got it!

She pressed the clutch down put it n first and then gave it some gas easing the clutch back out. She kind of did a little series of jerks as she took off but it wasn't bad. She didn't stall out. She had no problem shifting from first to second and into third. That was as far as she could go as far as the shifting. It wasn't needed to go into fourth for we were going plenty fast enough around the circle in third.

After taking several laps around the circle I told Kathy to downshift to second which she did and then back into third. She was having a ball and I now was no longer tense like I was at first not really knowing what to expect as far as Kathys skills with astandard. She did alright. We had now spent about a little more then a half hour with her driving around the circle there in front of the school.

She came to a stop and I told her why don't you pull around to the side of the school for a moment. Kathy looked at me asking why. I told her I had to piss. I hadn't gone since waking up and I had to go. So Kathy giggling started the car back up and she drove around the circle and over into the parkinglot beside the right side of the school and parked.

I got out quickly since I did have to take a pretty urgently needed piss. Kathy also got out with me which didn't surprise me in one way but she told me she had to piss also which that did. We both meet in front of my car. Here let me Kathy said to me. So Ilet her pull down the zipper on my shorts and I told her to hurry for I was bouncing up and down a little since I had to piss so bad. Hold still! Kathy said back to me as she was slipping her fingers in through my pulled down zipper. I stopped my jiggling and I felt her fingers open the slit in my boxers and then on my penis which she pulled out very quickly.

As soon as Kathy had my penis pulled out but before she could getted pointed down I started o piss right then. My stream shot out very hard in a high arc which dropped as soon as Kathy got my penis pointng down. Kathy let out a loud OPPS! along with a giggle having me almost piss my shorts. I let out a short but loud sigh as my piss hit the pavement making a big splattering splash and I started making a big black wet spot on the pavement with my piss that was hitting it. Hearing my loud sigh of relief that made Kathy giggle louder.

I then told Kathy that it really did feel that good now that I was going. She asked me when was the last time I did go. You shure look like you have been holding this one in a lot! she said to me. I said back to her that I hadn;t gone since I got up and I did have juice nand coffee at breakfast plus a couple of cups of coffee at work too. Kathy laughed as she watched me piss said to me; That's why you are pissing so much! I laughed.

Kathy stood there paitently holding me while I pissed. I took a real long one this time. The wet black area from my piss got hudge in its size. Several piss trails also had escaped and formed running out of the big wet area on the pavement and they snaked off in different directions on the pavement. After a good minute or more my stream started to ease off. Kathy then said to me; It's about time! Oh to long for you? I said back to her. Kathy laughed.

I stopped pissing several seconds later but I id do one long single spurt to finish up. Then Kathy let me take care of my penis this time. For she was wearing a light yellow summer dress and she started to pull it right up as I took care of my penis! Oh you have to go that bad too! I said back to her with a slight laugh as I said it. I got back from her a single word. YES!

Kathy had lifted her dress up enough so that I saw sheha d on a matching pair of yellow panties on under her dress. She tugged them right down nad slipped them right off. As she did this she said that she didn't need these anymore! I laughed again. She was facing the front of the car and she tossed the yellow pair of panties right into the car with them landing on the backseat.

One of the differences between this Mustang then my other Mustang the front bumper is wider so you can sit on it. That was Kathy did next. She sat down on the front bumper with her dress pulled up around her hips and spreaded her feet wide apart which made her thighs also wide open. She only had sat there on the bumper for a short few seconds and she started her piss.

She sent out from her vagina a very hard thisn stream of piss that angled forward slightly as it went down. It hissed loudly as soon as it shot out too. Hitting the pavemet it splattered hard on it. LIke I had done she started to make a slo a large dark black wet area on the pavment whre her piss hit it. Kathy unlike I had done didn;t sigh. Instead she spoke up saying it looked a lot like my piss had looked when I started. I again let out a short laugh as I watched her piss.

Her piss ran over the pavement faster then my piss had. She didn't make trails with hers. Instead her piss ran in a large area running back under the car. The other thing too was her splashing was much louder then mine was since she was closer to the pavement then I had been. After what was most likely thirty seconds I kidded Kathy about taking her so long. WELL I DID WAIT FOR YOU VICTOR! Kathy said back to me with a giggle. She knew I was only kidding her. We both then laughed a little together.

Then a short more time passed and Kathys stream weakened quickly. It losts its force now going straight down and it no longer hissed. Then she dribbled a little wetting

