Initiating a New Girl

17th November 2015, 09:53 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

This is a true story of something that happened last Thursday night. And I'm dedicating the story itself to our dear friend wsvoyeur - a valuable contributor to this site, a wonderful person, and a great friend. Cheers to you, Mark!!!

###

Initiating a New Girl - PART ONE

I'm married, but also have a permanent live-in girlfriend, Kerry. We're a happy, polyamorous triad. But on occasion, we also welcome other girls in for some fun along the way. This summer, I met such a girl. Twenty-two years old, and extremely cute - with the kind of penetrating eyes that melt you like a stick of butter in the microwave. It's been several months since we first met, but we only became close friends about a month ago when she first came over for a visit, and stayed overnight.

We have a very nice guest bedroom suite, along with a pool, hot tub, and outdoor sauna all tucked away on 5 acres and surrounded by a very high, private fence. We've purposely made it our sanctuary, and an inviting place to stay - sometimes for days at a time.

A series of intense visits set the stage for our relationship to also escalate. Very quickly. She had fantasized about being with another girl, but it never happened. Until I came along. We had sex for the first time a few weeks ago, and since then I've been wondering what her appetite might be for some extra fun…

Will she be into pee play?!?!

She seemed intrigued, but I still eased her into it. The first time was when we were showering together, and she started to get out to pee in the toilet. «Just go in here,» I assured her. «It's fine.» But she hesitated. «No, really it's fine…I need to pee too, so I'll go first if that helps.» I did have to piss, so I just let it flow.

But she was still hesitant. «Are you sure you don't mind? I mean, you'd be stepping in it.» I assured her it was ok, so she laughed a little as she started to pee.

She really had to go. So once it started flowing, I reached down between her legs so her piss was spraying onto my hand. «See, hun, I really do not mind.»

«Damn,» she said. «You ARE a wild one.»

«Oh, you don't even know the half of it,» I responded. I left it at that, but she went on to tell me in the shower that her boyfriend actually likes to watch her pee sometimes, and has asked her to pee on him in the shower like that before. Oh, really? How interesting. Clearly, this is something I'd have to explore sometime further! And I did…

About a week and a half later, we were in the hot tub together - nude, and enjoying a bottle of wine while we shared some confessions back and forth. She asked if there was anything else I hadn't shared with her, so I started to tell her how my experimentation with pee play early on was rather tame and limited. But that all changed one afternoon, about ten years ago. I explained that after a particularly intense and very long masturbation session, I felt like I was going to squirt one last time so I squeezed. Only I didn't squirt. I was peeing. And it felt so good that I didn't even care. I just laid there and let it flow all over my bed and down onto the floor as I came down off my orgasm. The story about that can be found here:

$/community/...ead.php?t=21636

I went on to explain I started experimenting with it after that - both alone, and with my girlfriend Kerry. We learned how we could force fluids to make it more diluted, so our bladders would keep filling up with clear, diluted pee, which we then release as we climax. And I explained how it feels amazing: that it actually increases both the intensity and length of our orgasms, and then explained to the best of my ability why that would physiologically be the case.

She was silent. So I piped in. «Well, you knew I was wild. So there you go. How's that for wild?» I laughed. To myself. Awkward…

She was still silent, and I was starting to get nervous. «You've been awfully quiet. What are you really thinking right now? That I'm even more of a freak than you can handle?»

Finally, she spoke up. «No, not at all…I want to try it.»

«Seriously?» I asked, and she nodded her head.

I told her that we'd gradually ease into it. There are some things you need to get used to first. She gave me a cute little look, like I shouldn't treat her like a child (which is kind of an inside joke, since she's nine years younger than me). So I continued, «You're not even comfortable peeing in front of me yet. So for starters, you can't be nervous or hold back with that anymore.»

«How about right now?» she asked, as she told me that she needs to go.

So I encouraged her to stand up in the hot tub and pee on my tits, but she just stood there. I was ready for her, and tried to encourage her. But she had stage fright!

She slipped back into the water, and encouraged me to do it first. So I did. I pissed into the water at first, but then worked my way up and across her tits. She laughed hysterically, and said that was actually kind of fun. And that was all the encouragement she needed, and was able to let go once she tried again - her hot piss spraying across my tits, down my nipples, and into the water. I didn't say anything, but it was also splattering up onto my face and mouth. And I was getting extremely turned on. She simply loved how I eagerly took it all, and then how I rubbed it across my chest.

Clearly, some progress was being made! And after this, she was no longer nervous peeing in front of me. But there was more to come. And about a week later, it happened!

Part Two follows ...

