The journey Home

19th July 2013, 08:47 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

It was the earlier hours of the morning when the girls final left the bar. Arms crossed as they walked down the street, they were fit of giggles as they stumbled towards the bus stop. They arrived just in time, hopping aboard the last bus of the night, bound for Chloe's apartment on the edge of downtown. Being so late.. the bus was mostly empty. The girls walked past the few fellow clubs and bums who inhabited the coach to grab seats next to each other along the back. They were all quite buzzed still, laughing and teasing each other playfully as they reflected on the nights adventures.

"Well... I'd say that was a night out for the books", Chloe laughed

"I'll say," Julie agreed, " quite a fun place chlo, rather enjoyed myself"

"Agreed", Grace nodded with a smile, "we'll have to go again while we're here"

Julie nodded in agreement, "Sounds like a plan, but lets get a table closer to the bathrooms next time", she said with a smirk.

All three girls laughed whole heartedly.

"I think that's the worst I've ever had to piss in my life!", chloe exclaimed. "when I stood up it hit me hard, and I almost pissed all over the floor"

"I know" said Grace,"it felt like it was right at the edge of my peehole. I felt like if I didn't keep my legs pressed together it would burst out of me"

"I'm just glad we all managed to stay dry", Julie added, "or at least mostly in my case... fraid I lost a couple spurts on our sprint to the bathroom"

"me too" Grace admitted, "but its better then being soaked. Props to you chloe for your idea, saved the day"

Chloe laughed, "glad it helped you guy's found it helped, I must say it took some of the pressure off, but it just made me want to pee even more!"

"I know what you mean" Grace agreed, " I just still had so much more in me, I didn't think I could stop"

Chloe laughed, "thank god for the pitcher eh?" she said with a smirk

Grace glared at her, "I ought piss on your legs next time... that was cold hearted!"

Chloe laughed again, "sorry gracie, but desperation brings out the worst in me, I couldn't stand hearing you still blast away while my cup was full and I had so much piss left in me!"

Julie chimed up, "It really amazes me how much pee you can hold Grace, especially for such a small girl" Chloe nodded in agreement.

Grace just laughed, "what can I say, I guess I just don't like using the bathroom, so I learned to hold it. Although since I started peeing standing I must say I enjoy it much more! Rather jealous of you girls getting try a trough, I've been longing to use one... damn my short little legs!!" she said with pout.

Chloe laughed, "my first time... must say it felt quite amazing to stand there pouring out my ocean of piss, and listen to it cascade against the metal wall!" Julie smiled and nodded

Grace continued to pout, "you're not helping guys"

Julie laughed, "next time Gracie"

Gracie stuck out her tongue at her, " guys all this pee talk is reminding me, I didn't use the ladies before we left the club...I gotta pee... kinda bad to she said with a grimace.

"Me too" said Julie, her legs now crossed. "That last rounds caught up with me, how much further Chloe"

Chloe... gave an embrassed look..."sorry guys we're still about a half hour away... maybe more"

Grace and Julie groaned at the prospect.

"sorry guys" chloe said apologetically, " if it makes you feel any better im in the same boat as you. I have peed in a few hours... I'm actually pretty desperate" she said with a frown, crossing her legs and placing a hand on her bladder for support.

The girls talked for a while... trying to distract themselves from the problem. However they all feel silent as girls mind turned to the problem of their full and still rapidly filling bladders. After 20 minutes all 3 were bursting, Grace had her legs tightly crossed, and was periodly grabbing her crotch and moaning. Julie was fidgeting in her seat, trying to find a position that was comfortable for her swollen bladder. Chloe was openly holding her and breathing very slowly. Every now and then she would push harder on her crotch and scrunch up her face as she fought off a wave of piss shooting toward her pee hole.

"how much longer chloe?" Grace moaned as she grabbed her crotch, fighting off a painful spasm.

"at least another 15 minutes" chloe said through gritted teeth. Grace moaned and almost began to cry.

Julie looked at chloe with sad eyes, "I don't know I'll make it chlo... I'm literally bursting at the seams!!" she said as she jammed her hand into her crotch and scrunched up her face.

"I know... I may not make it either" Chloe moaned, "This is torture"

Grace looked at her friend, her hands rammed against her pussy trying desperately to steam the inevitable tide of beer piss. Grace could clearly see her friends bladder protruding visably from her stomach. As bad as she was... she felt for chloe.

"Hold on chlo" Grace said kindly, "almost there" she said as she pushed her hand back to her crotch, and placed her other hand over her aching bladder.

"I know Gracie, but there's an ocean inside me, it going to explode out any minute!!" she said with a pained expression on her face. Her fingers were now pressed firmly into her crotch. As she fought off a painful spasm, she felt a spurt escape, damping her panties. "ohhh nooo... guys I'm losing it" she moaned. Pressing hard she fought desperately to regain control, but pee continued to trickle out... further wetting her panties.

Grace and Julie looked at her empathetically... knowing they weren't far behind. "Common chlo... almost there!!!

Chlo managed to regain control, the girls stop was the next one. Pulling the cord Grace and Julie slowly got their feet, pained expressions on their faces. Helping Chloe up they gingely walked cross legged to the door... all three stood there hunched over, openly dancing and grabbing their aching pussies. As they hopped off the bus the stop each took a moment to regain full control... hunched over, legs crossed.

"I'll never make it to your house Chlo!" Julie moaned, her legs crossed, her little but grinding in the air as she tried to hold back all she had drunk.

Chloe nodded, "follow me" said already hobbling to the gas station on the corner.

The girls entered the station and hobbled desperately passed the lone attendant to the single unisex bathroom at the back... all rushing inside together.

"I can't wait another second!!" Chloe yelled, diving onto the toilet. She pulled up her skirt and sat down, pulling her panties to the side, instantly a jet of hot piss burst from her lips and sprayed into the toilet. Her stream picked up more power, as Chloe moaned with relief. Julie hobbled to the sink, with grace close behind. Standing to the side, to leave room for Grace, she pulled up her dress and pulled a side her panties. She groaned in exctasy as her piss gushed of her urethra, splashing loudly into the sink with a loud gurgle. Grace soon stood next her, readying herself for relief. Her stream was so powerful at first she over shot the sink and hit the wall next to Julie splattering on the floor. Her eyes closed in relief, she peed this way for 10 seconds, before a shriek from Julie brought her back to reality.

"you're getting me wet Grace!!" Julie moaned, her piss still pouring out of her into the sink.

"sorry Jules" Grace said blushing, as she contracted her muscles and pushed down on her clit. Her stream now thundered into the sink where it splashed noisily against the porcelain and julies piss which was now pooling in the bottom.

"aww... sweet relief!!!" Grace cooed,

"this is better then sex!!" yelled chloe, the two girls turned to see her with her head back... and look of immense relief on her face, she had be pissing like a race horse for the last minute and showed no sign of slowing down. The two just looked at each other and smiled, as they continued to pour powerful streams into the sink.

After another 30 seconds, Chloe's stream trickled to a stop. Grace and Julie continued for another 45 seconds before they too were empty. The girls basked in the relief they now felt, as they wiped and rearranged their clothes.

"Grace!" chloe laughed, looking over at the pee covered wall and pool of piss on the floor, "why bother using the sink, should have just gone on the floor. you gotta work on your aim!!"

Grace shot her a smirk, " My aim is fine... it just to much power... you better watch out for this water cannon!" The girls all laughed as they exited the bathroom.

"Don't worry" said Grace, "someone will clean it up" she said... with a naughty look in her eye.

