We do what we must do

28th March 2014, 08:20 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Hi everyone! In some of the stories I've posted here, I've mentioned that I favor wearing skirts of different lengths. Not only do I find skirts stylish and pretty, but the easy access is a major advantage, and it's super-easy to have quick and convenient wettings

! Of course, in the area that I live, nature is currently fighting against me. Winter just refuses to go away; we just had another annoying snowfall the other day, and it's almost April!

So yeah, it's still pretty cold here. And that makes wearing skirts of any length difficult. Here's the problem though: I despise being cold on any part of my body, but I prefer having my crotch uncovered. I've gotten used to it. It's a natural state for me. Nothing makes me feel more free. This is why I hate Winter; I've got to cover myself up or I'll catch ill, but I'm always a miserable sour-pot when I do.

Which brings me to today's story. (Queen of the segue! ) Last Tuesday was exceptionally cold; down in the 20s and teens. No getting around it; I had to wear something other than a skirt to work. The chill would have done me in for sure. That morning, I had a nice average toilet wetting and emptied my bladder, then, I put on a dry pair of panties and the scrub pants the hospital supplied to me. When I went outside, I definitely felt shielded from that bitter chill, but I knew right off the rest of the day would be Hell.

First of all, the pants were itchy. I don't know what material those things are made out of, but it really sucks. I spent most of the day scratching and rubbing my lower half to relieve the itch. And of course, that caused another problem. I was touching myself a lot, which led to my body telling my brain "Oh, do you want to play?" So I was pretty damn horny by lunch time. I consider myself a rather good nurse, but I was having trouble concentrating on my job, in lieu of anticipating satisfying orgasms.

And that's not even the half of it. See, ever since I started wetting regularly, my brain has become a little differently wired. Whenever I put some kind of clothing or covering on down there, my body thinks it's time for a pee. I get that little tingle around my urethra; the little sensation that says "Letting go in 3, 2..." So on this day, wearing panties and proper scrubs, not only was I fighting off impending horniness, I was also fighting off the impulse to pee, even while my bladder was empty.

Oh, I had bathroom breaks of course. I took care of business as usual; having a nice wetting, but I had to put a dry pair of panties back on again and get right back into those pants. I couldn't even satisfy my sexual needs as long as I was at the hospital; they tend to be observent of folks who spend a lot of time in the restroom. So yeah, another long shift of horny squirming and telling myself I don't actually have to pee.

Finally, when my workday ended, I punched out and ran for my car. I made a beeline for home; no stops at the supermarket or gas station. I was rubbing myself vigorously through my pants, still feeling confined and itchy. By the time I got home, I wasn't just revved up, I was ready to pop! My husband was sitting at the kitchen table, reading a magazine and eating a hot pocket. He must have just got home himself.

He waved at me. "Hey there babe. How was your day? Everything alright?"

I couldn't stop and talk to him. I was too focused on freedom. "IN A SEC!" I ran past him and flew upstairs, grabbing my Hitachi massager and rushing to the bathroom.

I threw my purse down and practically jumped out of those scrub pants. I sat down on that toilet, leaned back, set the massager on high and jammed it between my legs. It didn't take long before I was convulsing and howling in orgasmic release. As I rode the waves, I completely relaxed my body and started to pee, filling the panties

I was wearing and warming myself up nicely. When all was said and done, I happily took the panties off, wiped myself up, and walked out.

My man was waiting for me outside the bathroom. He had the biggest grin on his face. "There's my little nudist. It was one of THOSE days, eh?"

I threw my arms around him and lied my head on his chest. "You have no idea. This cold weather is doing bad things to me, hon."

"Actually, that sounded pretty good to me." What a smartass. "But, you'll be pleased to know that warmer temperatures are coming, starting tomorrow. Looks like the long Winter is ending."

Let me tell you, when he said those words, it was like lightning struck me. No more having to wear pants to keep warm! At least not for a while. I stepped back and literally jumped for joy. "Hooray!"

As I hopped up and down in happiness, he arched an eyebrow and laughed. He must have thought I was losing my mind. "Still all jazzed up, it looks like."

He was right. I was still feeling that horny shiver, and I knew just how to handle it. "You bet I am, mister." I literally shoved him into the bedroom and rode him like a horse. I don't think there was a moment I wasn't on top.

This Spring is certainly gonna be a good one.

