Friends share wet lesbian experience Part 2 " the grand finale"

20th December 2014, 05:08 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

[ Print ]

We get dressed and ready to go out. We have the cab driver circle around the block, as look for a nice restaurant. As we search, we see a adult novelty shop and decide to check it out. Looking around we both think maybe buying a vibrator or dildo would probably add some fun to our plans later. We find a double dildo, called the two timing tom. and two small vibrating bullets with remote controls. Whew...I could only think to myself, I hope this night out goes fast because I almost can't wait for afterwards.

We decide on a little pub to have dinner and a few drinks. The place was somewhat busy, so we figured they must have good food. Our wait wasn't very long. Our table was high boy style, settled in a low lighted corner. It was very secluded and intimate.

We ordered our entree's and a drink and just talked about relationships and men and what a pain they are. And how much easier a relationship would be if we were with woman. They know how we think and what we like. We giggled and ordered another drink. Beth suddenly remembered the toys we bought and said we should get the remote bullets and bring them in. I laughed at first, then realized she was serious. Next thing I know, Beth is walking out to the car to get them. When she walks back in, she motions for me to come with her to the restrooms.

I grab our purses and head that way. Once in the restroom, she hands me one package and takes one for herself. She says "ok let's do this". We each walk into a stall and open our toy, and place the bullet in our panties, snug up against our clits. As we walk out of the stalls, we both smirk and bust out in a ornery giggle. We wash our hands and freshen up our hair and makeup. Turning for the door, I stop her and put my hand out and say " well if u wanna do this right, lets switch remotes". Yah... I control you and you control me!

She mutters ehh ok with a little look of nervousness. On our way back to our seats we stop at the bar to order a drink. As Beth stands there between two older gentlemen, waiting on our drinks, I hit her with her first vibration. Immediately I see her whole body shiver, and stiffen up trying to not let anyone notice her wiggle or smile. Drinks in her hands, she turns around and says " I can't believe you did that". I laughed as she said " you wait paybacks are a bitch. I thought to myself "I can't wait".

As we are returning to our seats, a waitress meets us and tells us a band is coming. Then asks us if we would mind moving to the other side of the room because the band sets up in this corner. Of course we don't mind, we start gathering our things, just then Beth says to the waitress" betcha can't guess what I have in my pocket" she says money, she says nope.

Then she pulls out the controller, places it in her hand and says start pushing buttons until you figure it out. Omg!! I'm gonna kill her!! My hands are full, how am I gonna control myself? I'm in a small panic, just because I'm not sure how the waitress is gonna respond. Other than that, it's pretty hot. Then... I feel my first vibration.. Of course it's the most intense this thing can go. I stop, stand totally still and focus on containing myself. I make it whew.. I don't know how, but somehow I pull it off. The waitress looks straight into my eyes with a sexy, playful smile. She hands Beth back the controller and walks away. With a look of disbelief, I say to Beth

I said to Beth, I hope we didn't offend her. Beth replied with... Oh yah, we for sure didn't. When you were up at the bar. She wanted to know if we were a couple or if either of us were available. I told her we were just old high school friends experimenting with each other this weekend. She said sounds fun!! and hinted that she was very interested in hanging out with us tonight. She gets off at 11 and it's already 10:30, so if you aren't interested we should take off very soon. I paused for a minute, asked Beth what she thought of the idea. Beth smiled and said you only live once... I say we do it. I followed her up with a smile and said "I'm in". We finished our drink and ordered another round, this time we ordered one for the waitress also. We made hers a double. About ten after eleven, she joins us at the table. We give her the drink we got for her and we slide a chair over for her to have a seat. She immediately chimed in on

We told her a little about ourselves and she did the same. Her name was Lisa. She moved here from a small town about 100 miles from here. She was here for school. She said she really didn't know anyone here. She was kinda shy and kept to herself because she was a lesbian and didn't know how people would react to her. She said the moment she met us, she was surprisingly totally comfortable with us. We continued to chat and enjoy a few more drinks.

Our conversation becoming vey interesting. Lisa was telling us details about herself and what she liked about being a lesbian. The way she was describing it, made it sound so sensual, so enticing. That moment, I suddenly wanted to have that experience. My mind began to race with ideas and scenarios. Wow... I was getting so turned on with my naughty thoughts. Just then I blurted out... " I got an idea, what do you say we finish our drinks and the three of us go back to our hotel room and get naked ". I said it a bit jokingly just in case it didn't fly. This way, I

Much to my surprise..without a thought, both girls were not only all for it, also very excited about the idea. We all grabbed our glass, Lisa said cheers... And bottoms up. We all gulped the rest of our drinks down in one swallow. Grabbed our jackets and purses and started straight for the door. Once on the street, we attempted waving down a cab. After a few minutes and no luck, we decided to start walking. After all, our hotel was only about three blocks away. Which at the time, didn't seem that far at all. Reaching almost the end of the first block, I have to pee. Of course, I don't mind at all. Honestly I love the feeling and I secretly hope all the girls have to have to go soon.

As we walked, I started to think how hot and sexy it would be if we all ended up bursting to pee. With that thought, I figured I could always push the matter. I could start them laughing and that would for sure help build the pressure. Much to my surprise.. Just as we started giggling, they both say "you have to stop, you're gonna make me pee". Woah.. This is perfect and we still have a quarter of a block to go. Let the teasing begin!! I said to them... Ooh.. I'm kinda liking this full feeling. What about you guys? Looking a bit confused, Lisa asks what do you mean? I start to explain... Well I kinda feel tingly from my belly down to my pussy. It's kinda like a extreme butterfly feeling. It started off very soft and faint,and keeps intensifying as I get fuller.

Still looking clueless, I grabbed one of each of their hands and pressed them against my belly. "Feel how tight and bulgy I am?" I'm so full, my belly is protruding out. Just then Beth pressed a bit harder, my body stiffened, and quivered with delight. "Woah... I exclaimed...taking a deep breath, clenching my legs tightly together, desperately trying to not lose control. I murmured... Oh my!! That felt so good, and it turned me on extremely. The girls both looked very interested and curious about my situation. Now we are within 100 yards of our hotel, I start to imagine sexy, hot scenarios that I can try to make come true. My ornery thoughts are driving me wild. Finally we reach the front

All three of us, now desperate to pee, and quite noticeably so to anyone within sight. The doorman definitely was aware and also very interested. I think he may have actually been enjoying the scene. In fact, I'm positive of his interest because of his actions. He was purposely trying to stall us. He held his hand on the door preventing us from entering, flirting and asking us all about our evening. Clearly noticing he is very excited, I half jokingly half seriously said to him " we are girls are gonna go up to our room and pleasure one another... I briefly pause, and watch the expression of great excitement cover his face.

Then surprise him with... " would you like to come up and watch us and video us?" Looking shocked, excited and maybe a bit nervous, he cleared his throat and muttered " are you serious?" We shook our heads yes to him, and without delay, he blurted out " hell yah!! I'm for sure in for that!!" He opened the door, one by one we proceeded toward the elevator. Once the elevator door shut, the anticipation began to grow. The three of us extremely aroused and feeling very horny. I feel the need to feel the soft skin of their bodies. I can't fight the feeling... I slide my hand high up between Beth's legs. Slowly moving up towards her pussy. I feel her start to quiver, I push myself close to her, press my lips to hers and passionately kiss her. The opening of the elevator doors pushes our kiss to a sudden halt.

As we exit and walk down the long hallway to our room, the excitement, anticipation and a bit of nerves begin to set in. Arriving at our door, the anxiousness gets to me. I fumble with the key card, the doorman is so excited for what's about to take place, he pulls his manager card and opens the door for me. We almost knocked one another over trying to get in the door and to the bathroom. But... Much to their surprise, I planned ahead. As we left the room earlier, I purposely locked the bathroom door. You should of seen the desperation in their eyes when they realized the chance to relieve their aching, full bladders was no longer an option.

I suggest to them to lay flat on the bed, and relax a minute and see if that helped. Hee hee hee... Yah, I'm up to some orneriness. I watch them wiggle and squirm a bit, as I unpackage the double dildo we purchased earlier in the day. First I walk over to the bottom of the bed, watch closely for a few seconds. Then slowly sit down on the edge, and start to slide up between the two of them. About halfway up, I place a hand on each of their upper thighs. I feel their bodies stiffen, cringe, wiggle and quiver. I love watching them squirm. I find the scene super hot and sexy. Gently caressing them as I move closer and closer to them pussies. I can tell they were feeling several different emotions at this point.

With looks of desperation, to nervousness to anxious. As I rub and caress their increasingly arousing bodies, I watched them starting to lose their inhibitions and beginning to want more. Suddenly they begin to slowly thrust their hips upward, almost like they were begging for more. I continued teasing them for a few minutes longer before I decide to give want they want, what they need. I sit up, start to move away from them as if I'm not going to take care of what I started. Both of them expressing looks of disappointment. I walk over to the night stand, open the drawer and bring out two timing Tom.

The double dildo Beth and I picked up this afternoon. With the toy in hand, I return to the bed. I have them roll over and raise up on their hands and knees. In the position as if they were going to get fucked doggy style. Both, very anxious to see what I had planned and to have their pussies pleasured. Both, extremely desperate to burst and in great need of a orgasm. I move them into position... Now, ass to ass. Lube up mr two timing Tom, and gently rub the heads up and around their pussy lips, making sure to tease each of their clits. Within seconds, both of them became very wet.

I continue to tease them knowing full well, they were almost to a place where they couldn't hold on any longer. Now, totally starting to lose control and in desperate need to let go. I notice them starting to arch their backs, and trusting them pussies trying to get more of the cock inside them. Stroking the double cock as fast and firm as I could...

I can hear nothing but sighs and squeals. Their bodies now shaking and trembling uncontrollably. Almost simultaneously, I watch their bodies stiffen briefly, as loud squeals fill the room. Just then, i feel both of their bodies start to shake and almost vibrate. Suddenly I feel the warmth of their sweet liquids flow down my arms. Their hot liquids squirting everywhere and soaking the bed. We lay together on the bed for a while before falling to sleep.

