Kim's Apartment

8th March 2006, 12:46 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

....it was the summer of '77 and we were both 19. Kim's Dad had secured a promotion at work, which meant a move to Head Office up North, so her parents needed to sell the house. As Kim was working at a local company, she decided she would rent an apartment ("flat" in Brit-speak) so she could stay in town where most of her friends were.

Naturally Kim didn't have a great deal of money to spare, so the flat was old and fairly basic - not untypical of student accommodation back then. It was in an old Regency period house, almost in the centre of town, so very convenient for crashing out after a night out! It was the epitome of faded splendour - but to have one's own place was the height of cool at 19.

Kim had the three rooms on the top floor, which had probably been servant's quarters in earlier times. The rooms all opened off the top landing - there was no front door as such, all the rooms had individual locks.

There was one bedroom - with an ancient, soft double bed, wonder of wonders - a lounge with basic furniture and a big kitchen/dining room. This room included a large cast iron bath up against one wall - there was a gas water heater but no curtains at the window: fortunately it wasn't really overlooked.

But...there was no WC. For that, it was a case of trailing down a long flight of stairs to a tiny room with loo that had to be shared with the occupants of the two flats on the next floor down...as I said, it was a bit basic.

Kim moved into the flat whilst I was away finishing my first year at University: contact had to be by letter because there was no phone in the building and at University the hall of residence in which I lived had one public phone between about 400 students!

I arranged to meet Kim on the evening I got back: I cycled down to the address she had given me and I locked my bike to the railings at the front. I went up the stone stairs and rang the bell for the top flat and a few moments later Kim opened the front door. We went up to the flat and she showed me round: it was a bit skanky and she was still in the process of cleaning it up.

Kim made a pot of tea and we settled down in her lounge with the record player providing background listening. Naturally we talked about the freedom conferred by having a place of her own - definitely a big deal, as it gave us the privacy we craved. It wasn't long before the tea had been set aside and we were kissing and cuddling; my hands were finding their way under her clothes to caress her breasts and pussy.

Eventually I undid the button of her jeans and eased the zip down: as my fingers worked their way into Kim's knickers (they were kind of thick cotton, white with a pink floral pattern), I suddenly realised that I couln't feel her pubic hair! With rising excitement, my fingers slipped down between her labia, to find her extremely wet and slippery.

Kim kissed me passionately and I eased my hand forwards, lifting her knickers clear of her mound - she had shaved herself completely smooth.

Kim: "Do you like it?"

Me: "That's amazing....very sexy, when did you do it?"

Kim: "About a month ago when I first moved in, I've done it quite a few times since. It was a bit sore at first but it's OK now. It's better if I do it often because it gets prickly as it grows back".

Me: (predictably) "Can I see?"

Kim: "Mmmm, yes....I thought it might be nicer when you use your tongue on me".

At this point she helped me push her jeans and knickers down past her knees - I remember pulling them off and throwing them on the chair near the window. Kim stood up and lifted up her sweatshirt over her head - she wasn't wearing a bra, so her (36C) boobs were free and nipples upstanding!

Suddenly Kim was completely naked, something we had managed only a very few times before. Her pussy showed as just a neat slit, to which my hand immediately strayed as she sank back down onto the sofa. At this stage I still had my clothes on , though my jeans were undone....

Kim moved my hand away from her pussy, replacing it with her own and pressing her knees together. She looked at me coquettishly and said in a little-girl voice, "Ooh...I'm not sure you ought to be touching me down there, it makes me want to wee-wee".

Me: (missing the point entirely) "Well you can't go now, the loo's downstairs. Shall I get your dressing gown?"

Kim: "No....it's not very nice going down there....you can help me instead. If you go into the kitchen, there's a towel on the edge of the bath. And you'd better bring the washing-up bowl".

With rising excitement, I went to the kitchen, leaving Kim gently rubbing her pussy. I found a bath towel draped over the edge of the bath and the circular washing up bowl on the draining board - very worn but perfectly serviceable. It was a sort of pale yellow/green....quite appropriate, really!

Back in the lounge, whilst I had the general idea, I wasn't quite sure of the detailed plan....so I put the bowl and towel down next to her and began to take my clothes off. As I did so, Kim said, "I'm bursting for a wee, you'll have to help me or the carpet will get wet".

Naked now, I knelt down beside her, my hand pushing up under her thighs to her pussy. I parted her legs: her pussy was practically dribbling with lubrication and her musky scent was almost intoxicating as I worked my tongue between her slick labia.

Kim: (breathing hard) "ooh, I've left it too long, I'm dying to go, get the bowl..."

As I sat back on my haunches she closed her legs again, clamping her hand against her pussy. Kim picked up the towel and as she scooted her bottom over the edge of the sofa I draped the towel beneath her. Kneeling in front of her I held the bowl underneath her pussy: she was propped up on her elbows. She opened her legs again and after a second or so she let out a little gasp and a dribble of urine ran down her lips and pattered into the bowl beneath.

Kim: "you'll need to hold it forwards a bit..." and as I did so, another trickle of wee was followed by a sudden spurt, a pause, another dribble and then her pee was jetting into the bowl, drumming noisily on the plastic. She was splashing her thighs...and me as well.

Eventually her stream tailed off - there was plenty in the bowl, which I carefully set down a little way away. I licked her pussy and teased her clit - she tasted salty but I found it very exciting nevertheless. After a moment or two I was kneeling between her thighs and pushing my throbbing erection into her. I came very quickly: unfortunatley, my inexperience meant that Kim had to finish herself off.

Afterwards we talked: Kim admitted that she rarely went downstairs to the loo if she only needed to pee, instead preferring to pee in the bath in the kitchen and washing it it away. She confided that when her parents were clearing the house prior to moving they had found her late grandmothers' chamber pot - at the time, she had made a joke of wanting it by saying she would use it as a plant pot. But it was ready for use under that old-fashioned bed... and that piece of fine bone china will have a role to play in my next post!

