The time I saw a woman pee in a cinema (true story)

5th September 2011, 06:52 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

This is a true story about a woman I saw pee in a movie cinema. It really sort of spurred my interest in naughty peeing. I've told this story before but I sort of fibbed about her being alone. She wasn't, but still the real story gives me a thrill too.

###

When I was living in Utah, I went to the movie "What Dreams May Come" in Ogden -- very close to the Hill Air Force Base.

The cinema was empty except for three teenage girls in front of me and a couple sitting across the aisle on the right side of the theater. It's actually a little odd when I think about it that they were sitting off to the side in an empty theater. The guy was tall and wore a cowboy hat, the woman was medium height blonde, and I'd guess in her early twenties. She wasn't particularly busty but she had really nice curvy hips and she wore form fitting jeans. And she was just as cute as could be with a medium length -- not too short -- (military?) haircut.

About half way through the movie I heard her begin to giggle and I heard splashing on the floor. I was about the same level as the couple and even though it is dark in a theater it's not totally dark so I could see her sitting on the edge of her seat with her pants down -- apparently peeing onto the floor! And it was NOT something that you could miss. You could really hear the splashing on the floor -- she was really going -- and I immediately went hard as a rock. I think that she was drunk. There are a few popular bars nearby.

The girls in front of me also noticed and they started talking about whether they should report her. But thankfully they didn't.

Later in the movie she took a second pee, but it wasn't nearly as long as the first.

I remember at the end of the movie seeing them hurry off. She was grinning like crazy and I think that her pants were perhaps a little wet.

