Fun after work (part 3)

23rd June 2013, 12:45 AM

Author: lickitup

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 91

This is part 3 of the fantasy about Claire and me after the pitch we had to do for the company.

Part 1 can be found here: - $t=54590

Part 2 can be found here: - $t=54613

So there we all were, all 4 of us in the hotel bedroom, myself, Claire, Sam and Jen. All 3 girls now had empty bladders after the game of Russian Roulette, but even though I'd cum for them, I still had a very full bladder that needed urgent attention.

«Hang on a minute, before we start filling your bladders up again for more fun, mine is bursting and I need to pee quite bad now!» I said.

«oohh, let me see your bladder please» asked Clarire. So I undid my belt, and slipped my jeans down to show my cock hanging out of my CK briefs. I let them drop to the floor too and stepped out of them. Because I'd not long ago cum, my cock was limp, but still quite extended, as I was still quite turned on. Claire came over to me, and put her hand on my bladder to feel how full it felt. She was very gently. «Wow, now that is a full bladder», she said.

«You're telling me», I replied.

Jen and Sam also wanted a feel, so they came over too, and put their hands on me too one at a time. Jen was the last one to feel me, she had a very naughty look in her eye, and she pressed a bit harder on my bladder, and with the other hand ran her nails up my side. I nearly lost it there and then, god knows how I kept hold of my pee.

«It must be time for another game I think» said Clarie.

«But what game should we play?» Sam asked.

«I think we should make him wait to pee, to see how long he can last», said Jen with a very naughty grin. «Lets get dressed into our other clothes, and go down to the bar».

Claire's 2 friends had brought bags with them that had a change of clothes in, which they got changed into, and Claire got into another outfit too.

«Well I'll have to go back to my room and grab some other clothes» I said, «OK, but don't you are go to the loo while you are there» Sam warned me.

I went back to my room, and got changed into another pair of jeans and shirt, then went back to Claire's room. The girls were all ready dressed.

«That didn't take long» I said.

«Well we've only got our dresses and shoes on, and that's all. No panties

, no bras, just a dress and shoes» answered Jen. I looked them up and down, they all had short black dresses on and black high heals. The dresses were all different styles but all figure hugging, and I could make out Claire's nipples poking out.

«You do know that I won't be able to last too long don't you. I really do have to pee quite bad now» I said.

«Oh I'm sure you will be fine» replied Sam.

We headed down to the bar, and found some seats. The seats were quite low comfortable leather seats. A waiter appeared and asked us what we wanted to drink.»

Before I could say anything, Claire said «He'll have a pint of lager please, and we'll have large vodka and cokes please». The waiter went off to get the drinks.

«I'm not sure I can drink a while pint you know.» I said.

«Sure you can, a big boy like you» replied Jen. «Just think of what you can do to us with a full bladder. Just imagine peeing over all 3 of us and soaking us all». As she said that, Jen slid a little forward in her seat so that her skirt rose up a bit, and un-crossed and re-crossed her leggs, giving me a very nice view up her dress. The seats that we were in, were quite will hidden from the rest of the bar, and so flashing was not a problem. Claire brought her hands up to her breasts and tweaked her nipples to get them hard again. I could see them poking through the material now. As the waiter returned, she dropped her hands to her lap. The waiter put the drinks on the table, and walked off.

«Now be a good boy, and drink up» said Claire. I did as I was told and took a big gulp of the pint.

«I'm going to make it worth your wile to drink the pint» said Sam. «Every time you take a drink, I'm going to flash my pussy to you. The longer I see you drink, the longer I will flash my pussy to you, but when you stop drinking, I stop flashing.»

«OK» I said, «Well lets get started then» I replied, and brought the pint up to my lips again. True to her word, Sam pulled up her dress and opened her legs, to show me her pussy. Her lips were wet already. I took a long slow sip of the lager, then took the pint away from my mouth. Sam closed her legs again, and brushed her dress down again. I could feel my bladder starting to ache now. I had to pee quite soon. I wanted to see Sam's pussy again, so I picked up the pint and started to drink again.

«Good boy» Sam said and opened her legs again, then time, she put her hand down to her pussy and stroked her clitty for me. I stopped drinking, and she closed again.

«Oh, actually, I'm getting quite turned on here» Sam said. «I think you need to drink more, and I can play with my pussy more, can you do that for me».

I guess I had no option but to drink, so I raised the glass again. I took long slow chugs of the lager, while Sam played with her pussy right in front of me. I could see Claire and Jen looking right at Sam and seeing the state she was getting into.

I put the glass down and she had to close her legs. She was moaning a bit now, and pouting with pleasure. My pint was now half gone. Claire called the waiter over, «Can we have a jug of water and some glasses please.» she asked. He nodded and went off to get them. «You know what, I need to pee again» said Claire, «but I'm not going to go to the loo, I don't want to miss a second of this.»

The waiter came back with a large jug of water and 4 glasses for us all. Claire lent forward and pored water into the glasses. She filled them up to the top. «Ok, lets drink the water down in one go» Claire said.

«Oh fuck,» I replied. «I'm really not sure I can do that.»

«Sure you can» replied Jen.

«And if you do, then I'll piss right here, right now for you» added Claire.

We all raised the glasses, and downed them. I was feeling very full now, I thought that I would have about 5 or so minutes now before I burst.

«Well done» said Claire, «Now for my part of the deal». She pulled up her dress, and moved forward in her seat. She put the glass that she had just drunk from to her pussy, and let a stream of hot piss go into it. She about half filled it before stopping. She then stood up letting her dress fall back into place and walked round to my side, and poured it into my pint.

«There you go, now drink down my piss with your lager you naughty boy» Claire said.

«OK, but this really is going to be my last drink before I pee, honestly.» I said.

I picked up the now full pint again, and started to drink slowly. Sam raised her dress, and started to rub her clittly again, more urgently this time. I managed to drink about half of it. When I took he glass away, Sam kept rubbing her pussy.

«Oh fuck, I'm comming» she gasped. And she launched into an orgasm. She was having quite a hard orgasm, her eyes were shut and her fingers frigged her pussy as she came. At last she came back to earth and smiled at me.

«Oh my god, I REALLY need to pee now» I said urgently. «I can't drink any more, and I'm not sure I can walk either now.

«Well we are not going to let you to piss over us until you have finished your drink.» Jen said.

«I really don't think I can manage it» I replied.

«If you don't finish it, we are not going to let you pee on us so there!» Claire said, and she stuck her tongue out at me.

«Oh fuck, well here goes» I replied. I lifted the pint up, and managed to drain it dry.

«Yeah» cheered Jen and clapper her hands. «OK, lets go back to the room, because I really want to see how much piss you have got in there. And no leaking on the way, hold it 'till we get there»

We all stood up, and I was now in agony, and standing was proving to be quite difficult. We headed to the left and all got it. Our rooms were on floor 3, but Jen pressed the top floor 8.

«Why are we going up there?» I asked.

«Oh silly me» Jen said, «I went and pressed the wrong button.

The lift arrived at the top floor and the doors opened.

«Sorry, silly me» said Jen and pressed floor 3. The lift went back down again to floor 3. Every jerk that the left made went right through my bladder. The doors opened, and we got out. As we walked down to Claire's room, the girls walked in front of me, and lifted up their dresses and flashed their ass's as me as they walked. What a sexy sight it was too. We got to the room, and Claire opened the door, and we went in.

«Now are you sure you are desperate enough to pee on all 3 of us?» asked Sam.

«You better fucking believe it» I replied.

«Well just to make sure, I think you should wait for 5 minutes before we let you go pee, just to make sure that you are ready.» Jen taunted.

«You gotta be kidding me» I said. «I need to piss right now, or I will burst.»

«Well if you want to pee over us, you have to wait for 5 minutes. Now the time is 22.45, so at 22.50 you get to piss all over us. Do you want us to stay dressed or strip naked for you».

«To be honest you all look so sexy in those dresses, it would be a shame to keep then dry, leave them on for me.» I was almost doubled up in pain now with wanting to piss.

«Well we have got 5 minutes to kill» said Jen, « I fancy stroking my pussy while I wait.»

«Me to» said Claire. All 3 of them got up onto the bed on their knees and elbows, and pulled their dresses up over their asses. I could see everything, pussy and ass hole of all 3 women, as they started to stroke their own pussies. I could hear moaning as I stood there with an aching bladder almost busting to let my piss out. I kept looking at the clock and watch the seconds tick by.

My cock was semi hard with excitement but not to hard so I couldn't pee. At last the clock reached 22.50

«Right that's it, I gotta pee NOW» I almost shoulted.

«Do it» moaned Claire, «Piss over us while we make ourselves cum. Piss over our pussies and ass holes. Make us cum while you piss».

Well that did it. I hobbled over to the girls on the bed, took my cock in my hand, and aimed at Claire's ass hole. My piss started to shoot out and splashed right onto Claire's ass hole. It was a fast stream, and it was splashing everywhere. I moved down to her pussy and all over here finger while she rubbed. Then I moved over to Jen and did the same, right onto her ass hold then down to her pussy, and lastly Sam's ass and pussy. I then pulled my cock back upward to make and arc of piss over all 3 girls, ass's. I managed to stop the stream, and told the girls to flip over.

They all did as I asked and now laid on their backs on the bed, legs splayed and stroking their pussies. I started the stream again and made an arc over all 3 of them, firstly aiming for their pussies, then up over their dresses soaking them. My piss was splashing all over the place. I moved the stream down to Claire's pussy as she began to cum, her finger a blur as she rubbed. Jen was also starting to moan at the verge of an orgams, so I aimed at her pussy too. Jen too began to cum. As my stream started to slow I moved over to Sam and she bagan to cum too with my piss splashing on her fingers and pussy.

Aa my stream was slowing, I started to stroke my cock hard. Seeing all 3 girls covered in my piss with wet pussies, wet dresses and all cumming had the effect I needed, and I started to cum too. I aimed my cock up in the air as my cum spurted out and landed on the girls.

When we had all calmed down, we all moved into my room and snuggled up in bed.

###

But you are going to have to wait for the next part to see what the next game is.

