Kathys Overnight Stay Part 4

12th June 2009, 01:17 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

When Kathy and I gor ready to take a shower in her bathroom we left a trail of clothes across herbedroom floor right into the bathroom. She got the water ready and we both had to piss but we skipped using her toilet. Instead we both got into her shower and we would do while we were in the shower. We both stepped into the shower together and stood facing each other letting the warm water run all over both of our bodeis for several mnutes first. That warm water shure felt good too!

Since I was taller then Kathy I moved and I had my back to the shower blocking the water from heavily spraying on Kathy. Most of the water from the showerhead was spraying on my upper back running down it over my asscheeks along with running down my asscrack and running over the backside of my balls. Kathy standing in front of me looking down at my erect penis saw the water running off from my balls giggled and said to me. Now let me wet the front side of your balls! I smiled and told her go ahead!

Kathy placed one hand on my shoulder and she asked me to hold on to her raised foot which had raised up. So I did. Then Kathy like I have done took her other hand and pullled up on her clit and seperated her labia apart. Then she started to piss after several seconds passed.

At first only a weak very short upward arcing piss stream came out which fell short of its intended target. We both were watching looking down and I told her she didn't have the range yet. Kathy told me she would in a second or two. Sure enough her stream got harder and arced up a little higher and longer moving forward at the same time. Her stream did come down on my balls which made my penis bounce up and down. Kathy giggled seeing my penis take its bounce.

Kathys warm piss splashed on my balls for several seconds and then since it still was getting stronger it moved up higher and now she was pissing right on my penis which made it bounce upward again and stayed pointed upward as she pissed on it! She pissed on it with my penis pointed up for severa seconds and then Kathy asked me to push it down so she could wash the rest of it. So I reached down with my hand and pushed my penis down so that it was just slightly pointed down. Kathys warm piss now hit the area on my penis where the ring was. It wetted the top area there along with some of it running on its head and ran off from where the slit was in the ring.

Kathy then only pissed for several seconds more and then her piss stream dropped quickly which she no longer gave me a shower from it. She pissed for a few seconds having her stream go staright down did some dribbling and dripping and then she stopped. Then she told me it was my turn to give her a wash down and she showed me where by opening and closing her labia with her fingers!

I had to adjust the angle f my penis so I would piss where Kathy wanted me to. I moved my penis down a little more. I started to piss sending out a strong thin stream of piss. I was just a litle high. My stream shot between us and hit Kathy on the upper part of her clitmaking a pretty good splash off from it hitting her and myself. Hitting Kathys clit made her suck in her breath just a little and she also let out a short little giggle too.

She reached down with her hand then and pushed my penis down just a little more. Now I was pissing on her lower part of her clit and the top part of her vagina. Kathy let out a soft long MMMMMMM. Now that feels GOOD! she said to me. I pissed on this spot for a good ten seconds or more. Then Kathy started moving my penis up and down with the hand that was holding it so I pissed from above her vagina all the way down it and underneath it. She did this until I stopped pissing.

Then we proceeded taking our shower taking our time soaping each others bodies with plenty of lather 9Kathy really gave my penis a good lathering up which was really giving me a handjob) and then we rinsed off. We washed each others hair and then we stepped out. Kathy turned the shower off and we dried each other off with big towels.

When we finished drying off Kathy tossed the towels on the bathroom floor. She went over to her toilet raised up the lid and seat. She stepped back over it and straddled over the toilet. As she straddled over the toilet she giggled and asked me if I would like some flavoring added to my snack! I laughed and told her yes I would. So Kathy took a short piss which started as a dribble wetting her vagina and pubic hair turned into a weak stream for several seconds and then went back to dribbling and dripping. Then she stepped away from the toilet and took my hand and we went straight to her bedroom and the bed.

We both laid right out on the bed side by side facing each other. Kathy went straight for my penis as she had lifeted one leg up and put her foot down way off to the side opening her thighs so I could get to her vagina. I started licking it with my tounge tasting the saltyness of her skin and her piss where her piss had wetted her skin and pubic hair. Kathy had my penis in her nouth and was taking nice long hard sucking strokes on it as I licked her.

Soon Kathys clit and vagina were very moist withher clit nice and stiff and swolen. We changed positions with me laying right out on my back on the bed and Kathy on her knees straddling me placed my erect penis in her vagina and we started having intercourse this way. I had my one finger on her clit which massaged it as she moved up and down and I also had my other hand massaging her one breast and nipple. Kathy had one of her hands down behind her ass and she had it cupped on my balls gently massaging them. Her other hand she had on my chest for support.

Then Kathy next told me she wanted me up her ass! So she pulled herself up very slowly and I slid out of her vagina. She turned around putting her ass over my head. She leaned down and she spit on my penis as I licked her asshole which was partly open aliitle bit already! Enough so that I wetted one of my smaller fingers and it slid into it without any trouble at all!

Kathy was ready alond with my penis in a few short minutes. Then Kathy got up turned around and got back into position on her knees over me like we were before. She held my very wet hard penis in her hand alone this time. She very slowly eased herself down which I felt the head of my penis make contact on her asshole which it did move inward allowing my head of my penis start to go inside of it.

Once I was partway in Kathy still easing downward also started to kind of push back at the same time. My penis slid in deeper and soon was all the way inserted. Kathy now started doing nice slow upward and downward pumping. I went back to massaging her clit with a fnger along with another finger slipping back and forth in her vagina. I could feel that finger on the shaft of my penis inside of her asshole! Both of us said at the same time that it felt great!

We did this for only several minutes. Being up her tight but great feeeling asshole I could feel the urge to cum building up. I told Kathy that I would cum very soon if we kept this up. She told me she also felt that she was going to cum also. So she raised and pulled her ass forward quickly which made my penis pop right out of her asshole. Kathy then laid right out on the bed next to me and she raised her legs up holding them up with her hands above her ankles. I slid down and between her wide oopen thighs grabbed my penis and leaned over and insterted it quickly into her very warm wet vagina and started taking fast long thrusts in and out of it. Kathy helped by letting go of her ankles and wrapping her legs around me and pushing down as I went down.

She was moaning and breathing heavy and I felt the building sensation that I was going to cum comming on very fast now. I got ready by taking one then two then the third longest hardest thrusts I could do. Kathy climaxed between the first and second of my long hard thrusts for I felt very warm liquid now being squitered out by my thrusts hitting my penis and my crotch. I now jammed my penis into her for that third thrust and I shot what seemed to be a very big load of cum into her! Kathy then pinned me hard into her with her legs letting out a short hard loud scream as she did this.

I sent another load into her buut nt as hard or as big as the first shot. Kathy pressed harder with her legs. Kathy gasped but didn't scream as she felt the second load shoot into her. She just let out one very long soft moan which went on as I did several short series of spurts of cum in a row one after the other. That was it I was done. Kathy kept me tightly clinched after I stopped cummng and I all this time kept up my massaging of her clit with my finger. She had kept cumming sending out warm spurts of liquid well after I had stopped cumming inside of her.

Then she stopped and her body whch had been very stiff relaxed and she raised up her head and we kissd for a short time with me still inseretd and laying on top of her. We stayed like this for a short while until muy penis softened and had slid out from her vagina. ThenKathy let up with her legs and she patted my asscheek with her hand. Time to let me up Victor she said to me. I have to piss. I don't have a rubber sheet like you have. So I can't piss the bed. I wish I could though! she then said to me and she giggled hard after saying that and I got up off from her.

I stayed laying on the bed and watched Kathy walk into her bathroom go over to the toilet. She turned around facing me and she stepped back over the toilet straddling it again and she stood over it and she started to piss sending a thin straight twisted stream of piss down into the toilet. It hissed softly and made a good loud splash in the water in the bowl.

