Ann

25th August 2020, 02:44 AM

Author: gg111

Location: earth (Sex: Male) Posts: 82

Here’s another piece of fiction.

———————————————-

Ann was huffing and puffing along behind her friends.

“Hold on! We gotta find a bathroom! I gotta pee!”, she somewhat slurred as she staggered after her friends. She was a big girl, but with a pretty face and long red hair that offset her milky skin. Her colorful patterned summer dress was cut to draw attention to her best attributes. The top revealed the deep line of cleavage formed by her enormous breasts. Further down, the pattern on the fabric obscured her wide waist while also accentuating her wider hips and celebrating her massive rump. If her breasts were melons, then her buttocks were watermelons, and top and bottom swayed and shook proudly as she trotted along.

Her two friends stopped and looked back at her. “If we stop we’ll miss the train”, said Susan, a petite asian in a smart club dress, “Can’t you hold it till we get back?”

Ann had caught up with them but was now bouncing from foot to foot and biting her lip. She shook her head. “I dont think so. Isnt there a bathroom around here somewhere...”

“Where?”, said Eve. She was a tall blond who had played indoor volleyball in high school and college and was always in great shape. This was one of those rare nights when her hair wasnt held back in a ponytail and she could dress more girly. “There aren’t any open buildings around that we can go into, definitely none that I would trust. Unless you wanna go all the way back to the bar.”

“No, we cant do that.”, Ann blurted with panic in her voice. She kept looking around as if a bathroom would magically appear on the deserted walkway.

Susan put an arm around Ann, attempting to be the mature responsible one, even though she was just as drunk as the others, “Its just another five minutes to the train stop, and then we’ll be back at my place in no time, ok?”

Ann shook her head. She couldnt stand still.

Eve was getting impatient, “Look, I have to pee too, probably worse than you, but I can wait until we get back, so you can too, alright? Lets go.”

“And I have to go too.”, Susan confessed, “So the sooner we get to that train the sooner we can get back.”

Ann watched the two of them move along, somewhat stiffly, and started to take a few steps herself. “Mmm, I cant! I cant!” She shuffled off the walkway onto the grass, hiking up her dress. “Cover for me!”

Susan and Eve pleaded with her through incredulous laughter, but Ann ignored them. Standing with legs slightly bent, she hoisted her skirt up and pulled down her underwear, exposing her large, broad, backside. In the moonlight, the two huge pale cheeks almost seemed to glow in the dark.

“Im sorry I just cant wait...” she mumbled as she started to piss like a cow. A thick, twisting stream gushed out from her plump lips, sailing a few feet behind her, and splattered heavily onto the walkway.

“Oh my god!” Her two friends laughed in unison. They marveled at the force and volume of it all. “Jesus, how much did you drink?”, exclaimed Eve, who Susan noticed was starting bounce around herself.

“A lot!”, said Ann, becoming more confident as relief set in, “I drink beer, bitches!”

“Ok, now I really have to go”, said Eve, hands reaching down towards her bottom of her skirt, “Are you almost done?”

“Not even close!”, giggled Ann. She was obviously telling the truth. Not only was the stream not dwindling, it actually got thicker and was coming out faster.

“Cover for me.” , Eve said to Susan, sidestepping the lake forming on the walkway and moving onto the grass towards Ann.

She pulled her tight skirt up just high enough so it was out of the way. Still standing, with one hand she pulled the crotch of her underwear away and with the other hand she gently spread her jutting lips open. Immediatly, an impressive stream, like a laser beam, jetted out of her and pelted the leaves of a bush a few feet in front of her. Eve gave a long sigh, “I havent done this in years, but i guess its like riding a bicycle!” She laughed.

“Oh my god, you pee like a man!”, said Ann, her unbroken stream still going forcefully behind her.

“Yea, watch out or Ill mark you as my territory.” She turned her hips slightly to the right and the stream slashed right in response, getting closer to Ann. “No! Dont! I take it back, you pee like a girl!”, she giggled.

“I pee however I want!” said Eve, straightening her hips again, the long, sharp stream whipped back to center and resumed pelting the leaves of the bush, which began to hang down in submission.

“Are you almost done?” said Susan, still standing behind them. She was bouncing up and down too. The show was making it hard for her.

“No” chimed Ann, without a care in a world.

“Not really.” Added Eve. She was becoming fascinated by her own stream now. She hadnt peed for this long since her volleyball days, when she and her teammates had to hold it forever on long bus rides with no bathrooms.

“Well can you please hurry up so one of you can guard while I go?”, Susan said, urgently, “Please?”

Eve was feeling cocky. “Ok, I guess I can hold in the rest, let me pinch this off..”, and with a slight grunt her stream stopped completely and fell to the grass. It was exactly like shutting off a faucent, a clean break, not a single drop escaped.

“Wow.”, said Ann, “Doesnt that hurt?”

“Yea, but it’s a good hurt.”, said Eve, putting her underwear back in place and readjusting her skirt. She mock patted her crotch, “I do my kegels, gotta stay strong...wait, are you still peeing!”

“Uh huh!”, Ann wiggled her massive bottom for emhasis. The huge hunks shook and jiggled, and her stream, still pouring out of her with the force and volume of a great barrel being emptied through its lone bunghole, undulated from side to side.

Eve and Susan switched places like a tag team.

“No, no, no!”, said Susan as she danced over the grass, yanking up her dress. She tore her underwear down but didnt have time to get into a squat. As soon as the fabric was away from her dainty lips, hot urine exploded out in an angry, messy spray that went everywhere.

“Shit, fuck!”, yelled Susan as she dropped into a deep squat. The other two laughed because she hardly ever swore.

Even in the proper position, it was no use. Susan could only watch helplessly as the furious spray soaked her underwear, splashed her feet and even crawled over her butt. It was always like this when she had to go this bad, which was why she would have preferred to have waited till she got home to the security and safety of her own bathroom.

“Here”, said Eve, dropping some soft tissues as close to Susan as she could get without getting sprayed. “Use this to clean your...everything.”

“Thank you”, said Susan, betraying a smile. She was resigning herself to the fact that everything would be soaked and was just enjoying the relief now. As she let herself relax, the agressive, wayward spray resolved into broad, wide sheets that cascaded from her tiny lips like a waterfall.

“How can someone so little pee so much?”, said Ann.

“Look who’s talking”, said Eve, referring to the fact that Ann was still pissing like a racehorse.

“Well Im big, so of course I pee big.”, she replied. The stream coming out from between her thick lips had just as much speed and volume as when she had first pulled down her underwear.

Susan cleaned up as well as she could and rejoined Eve on the walkway, who was now capturing Ann’s performance on her phone for posterity.

“Eve’s recording you.”

“Snitch. This is like a world record. This is like history.”

“I dont even care right now”, said Ann, laughing, “I told you I had to pee.”

“You werent kidding.”, said Eve, moving her camera phone to follow the impressive stream from Ann, to the enormous puddle on the ground, back up to Ann again.

“I could use a shower.”, said Susan, with dripping legs and soaked shoes, “are you almost done?”

“Almost.”

Ann, standing, her fat ass still exposed to the open air, leaned further forward and the stream swelled mightily for a few seconds. Eve and Susan had to take another step back to avoid getting splashed, exchanging exhasperated “Oh my god”s once more. The swell fell back and dwindled onto the grass, falling closer and closer to Ann’s underwear that had only been pulled down to her knees. Suddenly the stream swelled again and jumped out to the sidewalk for a few more seconds, then thinned and came slowly back. It broke into a trickle, then stopped. Ann waited a few moments, shook her massive backside back and forth to shake off the drops, and pulled her underwear back up, which strained to contain the two huge, pale, mounds.

Eve put her phone away. “Alright, lets go”, proclaimed Susan.

Ann didnt move. She kept her hands at the waistband for what seemed like an eternity, then shook her head and said “Nope” with a laugh, and pulled down her underwear again, unleashing her enormous buttocks and plump pussy once more. A thick stream gushed furiously out of her, as if everything before was nothing, and swelled out again onto the walkway. Eve couldnt get out of the way this time and was splashed on a foot. She cursed. Susan laughed.

