Her Special Turn On

3rd October 2005, 04:43 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is another article sent in to a magazine in the eighties. Does anyone know a lady like this?

Her Turn On

I have decided that I would like to share my special turn on with your readers. I search the magazines all the time for articles about it and don't find nearly enough.

The thing that turns me on is wetting in my pants. The feeling of letting warm pee soak my clothes---and then the embarrassment and humiliation I feel afterwards as whomever I'm with sees what I have done, makes me ready to orgasm, and often leads up to the greatest sex I've ever known.

Wetting myself is something I've always done, usually, whenever I'm alone and have little chance of being caught. It's one of those things that just seemed more fun to do in my panties, especially, if it was a lot of trouble to walk all the way into the bathroom. The drying wetness between my legs keeps me on the verge of having an orgasm. About two years ago I finally worked up the courage to wet my pants in front of my husband.

We had decided to go fishing and take along some beer. We had been at the river about three hours and had drunk about a six-pack between us. I watched as my husband went and peed in the bushes twice. By the second time I really needed to go, but since there were a lot of other people fishing along the river it was not very easy to do it. I'm afraid that I'd started to dribble and my panties were getting a little wet. I really had no idea where I could go to take down my pants and squat to pee.

I told my husband that I really needed to go and if I didn't go soon, it would be to late. He laughed and said I should go up the hill and find a spot to go. He said he hoped «everything came out alright.»

As I put down my fishing stuff and turned away to look for a place, I realized I could use this as a way to really enjoy my sexual 'turn-on» for real. Just then two men and another women came down the hill and I quickly turned and went back to my husband telling him I would need to wait a bit as there were people on the hill. Meanwhile, I held my legs tight together so he could see how badly I had to go. A little more slipped past my pussy lips and I'm afraid soaked my panties even more.

I put my line back in the water trying to ignore the new wetness between my legs and in minutes had a fish; my husband started to help me with it and as he was taking it off the rod I said to him, « I have to pee so bad it hurts». He laughed and said that he would walk up the hill with me to the woods and watch for others.

I told him I was afraid I would pee in my pants soon if I didn't find a spot. I didn't tell him that I'd already started wetting. We started up the hill but two men were still there having a cigarette. At that moment, I knew I wasn't going to make it any further and I told my husband as we started back again to our fishing place, «I have to pee», and with that, I began to wet. My tight grey pants immediately became wet in the crotch and down the insides of my pant legs. I thought I would pee forever as a puddle started to form around my sandaled feet. My husband was staring at me in both disbelief and amusement. When I'd finished I thought I would die of embarrassment. I also felt ashamed as I looked into his eyes.

He was immediately so thoughtful when he said, «Don't be upset, it happens to everyone sometimes». He said not to worry about my wet pants and said he still wanted to do more fishing, besides he said my wet ass looked sexy. I tried to apologize and said I was sorry I embarrassed him and wasn't he concerned having his wife walking about in pissed pants. He said no, that it didn't bother him and he rather liked it.

So there I was, sitting on a rock, fishing in pants that were soaked all down the inseam of each leg. A while later I caught myself squeezing my thighs together as I casually pulled my line in and was almost immediately rewarded with an orgasm. After that, I wet a little more and I'm afraid it started to soak even further up my ass crack.

We had caught a couple more fish than we needed, so my husband suggested I should give them to the man fishing a little way from us. I said he should take them, because I didn't want the man to see me. But he insisted I take them. Walking over to meet the man, I noticed that he never took his eyes away from my legs. I gave the fish to him and at the same time, said that I'd «had a little accident». He said it looked «like more than a little accident», smiled and thanked me for the fish. When I turned I'm sure his eyes never left my butt.

We continued fishing a while longer and then got ready to leave. I told him I really needed to pee again and Cliff, my husband, said that since I'd already wet once, «why not just wet again in my pants». I got really nervous, but he hugged me and said he didn't mind if I peed my pants. He said that he'd seen plenty of my panties and shorts in the laundry room at home that I'd very obviously wet in. He said to go ahead and go. I just stood there and let it run down my legs with him watching.

While we were walking down the trail and across the bridge we passed the two same men that had been smoking a cigarette on the trail. I knew they were looking at me and heard one of them say how it looked like I'd really soaked my britches.

When we got home I told Cliff how sorry I was, but, he said not to worry and he didn't mind if I wet myself. As soon as we got in the house though, he said that if I was going to wet my pants that I would need to be spanked, then he took me over his knee wet pants and all and gave me ten good smacks. After that he took his time undressing me, carefully examining my pants and panties, before fucking me; piss and all. I came again.

Now, he regularly puts me in situations where I can't get to a bathroom and I wind up just doing it in my pants. This always results in some fun lovemaking. I don't worry about changing my panties if I'm at home doing the housework and have an «accident». I can also be sure that if he finds me in wet pants when he comes home from his job that I'll be getting a little spanking.

