New Years Eve Reality Party (Part 1)

25th January 2011, 11:01 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

New Years Eve always presents a quandry for Josh and myself. The problem is I am a recovering alcoholic. I am only 26 years old and I am not ashamed to admit to you that I am addicted to alcohol. The solution for me is Alcoholics Anonymous and total abstenance from alcohol. I am OK attending partys and events where alcohol is served, I can (and will) stay away from it. The major problem (and fear) is someone will accidently or on purpose place alcohol in a non-alcoholic beverage that I may consume.

I am always leery that on New Years Eve where everyone gets to 'feeling great' and wanting to share this feeling with others, they become offended if you dont 'join' them in drinking. Even people who know me well have tried to get me to drink "just one", thinking it won't hurt me because of my resolve to avoid problems in this area. Josh and I have found the simple solution. On New Years Eve we simply avoid large parties and stick with non drinking friends. All our close friends understand. Its simply not considerate to expect friends not to partake in activity they enjoy just because its my problem. Ok enough about my problem.

This year Josh and I decided to spend New Years Eve with two other couples with whom were pretty close. The first couple, Chelsea and Sean are longtime friends from college. Chelsea, like me, was raised a nudist. Sean 'converted' to nudism after meeting Chelsea. We met the second couple, Courtney and Eric, in out small group of friends into peeing. Chelsea and Sean are aproxametely the same ages as Josh and myself (26 me, and 27 Josh). Courtney and Eric are 34 and 36. They have been married 10 years while Chelsea and Sean have been married less that two years, like Josh and myself.

Chelsea and Sean are nudists and real close friends. Were all at ease talking about sexual likes, dislikes, frequencies and fantasies. We have shared hotel rooms while traveling. They know of our love of Golden Showers and it presents no problem for them. They aren't particularly interested in participating with us. Once while camping with them outside casual peeing was the norm and they were OK with it. The two of them are really into bondage.

Josh and I aren't overly interested in this, but were OK with their participation in it. Josh and I enjoy hearing their stories. Courtney and Eric are bigtime into GS, but aren't into nudism. OK, both will undress as much as necessary to participate in a GS party, but will grab a robe immediately after. They never run around the house naked (like the rest of us do), mostly because they were not raised that way. The ages of their offspring make that uncomfortable for them at this time. They have no problem with Josh and I being card carying nudists however.

So New Years Eve the six of us met at our place. We all chose our place because we have access to the pool (in summer only) and the hottub which can be used all year. We also have a shower room with four shower heads and room for 8 people comfortably. Josh and I live upstairs in my rents home, other wise we would be in an apartment like the rest of our friends our ages. My rents were out for the evening so we had total privacy that night.

Everyone arrived at 8:00 PM. Josh and I put sweats on just before everyone arrived. Chelsea and Sean were in jeans and tee shirts. Courtney and Eric were more dressed for a party then the rest of us, dress slacks and dress shirts. They brought the infamous 'travel bag' everyone brings to pee parties. Introductions began as coats were being hung up and food brought to the party was being carried to the kitchen. I was a bit nervous wondering how everyone would get along but both couples are pretty easy going. I was relieved everyone got along so well. Everyone had settled down in the kitchen enjoying snacks and drinks (non alcoholic of course).

Before long Eric jokingly asked "if you guys are all nudists, how come your all dressed?" I explained nudists never want to offend non nudists. Almost in unison Courtney and Eric replied "your not going to offend me". With that we all moved to the family room. Chelsea explained to Courtney and Eric, nudists sometimes undress in private rather than in front of one another then join the others. She further explained that among our friends we all undressed in front of each other, either at the same time, or individually while being watched by everyone else. Wanting to make sure our non nudist friends were totally comfortable I reminded Courtney and Eric they were under no obligation to get naked, we just wanted them to be comfortable.

Once again since Josh and I were hosts, I decided we should lead the way. I went to the middle of the room and removed my shoes and socks, followed by my sweat pants and finally my sweatshirt, Chelsea went next, followed by Josh and Eric.

Stay tuned for part 2.

Love, Emily

