The Morning After

3rd February 2008, 07:57 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

When Kiki awoke, her first thought was, I've really got to pee. She rolled over on her side and reluctantly stared at the floor of her room. The bathroom was so far and she was still spinning from the heaviness of sleep. A cool dampness on her thighs reminded her of her evening pleasures and she smiled. I'm already wet, she thought, I might as well just go.

Still lying on her side, she let loose of her hold on her bladder. She licked her lips as immediately warm urine hissed loudly from between her legs. Her eyes closed, she relished the tender wetness as it fell from her urethra and down her right thigh, falling softly to pool beneath her. «Oh, God,» she muttered. «Mmm, this feels so good. Mmm….» Incredibly, this seemed to go on for minutes and Kiki felt the sheets beneath her becoming soaked again. She thought she heard the faint sound of her pee dripping from her bed to the floor, but she did not care. She felt the recognizable urge of an oncoming orgasm as she slipped her hand behind her bottom and caressed her vagina softly. Within seconds, her pee was subsiding but her moans were rising until she finally called out, not caring if anyone heard, her body quivering with bliss. A few more squirts of pee splashed against her thigh as her moans abated and she buried her face in her pillow, sighing contentedly.

The sound of her mother starting the washing machine finally roused her out of bed. Kiki pulled off her nightgown and tossed it onto the bed. Then she pulled off the sheets and peeked under the mattress protector, happy to see that none of her pee had even dampened the mattress.

When she carried the sheets to the laundry room, her mother was standing nude in front of the washer, tossing her own damp sheets into the machine. She greeted Kiki with a grin. «Well good morning,» Cheryl said. «Did you sleep well?»

«Better than I ever have,» she answered. Cheryl winked to show that she understood and the two of them laughed.

«Want some breakfast?» her mother asked as she closed the lid on the washer. Kiki nodded. Neither of them bothered to get dressed as they strolled into the kitchen, smiling.

It was a little odd, eating breakfast without clothes, but Kiki was amazed to discover that she enjoyed the freedom. They talked openly about their experiences from the night before. Kiki learned that Cheryl had actually slept naked and had wet her bed four or five times during the night. «Every time I felt I had to go, I just let it go. I didn't even move. I just lay there and soaked my sheets.» Kiki told her mom about her experience and Cheryl just grinned, as if proud.

After finishing her cereal, Cheryl pushed her seat away from the table a little and Kiki was not surprised as she mumbled, «Sorry, I've got to go.» Kiki watched as her mother scooted her bottom closer to the edge of the seat, spread her legs, and let loose a stream of pee that splashed loudly to the kitchen floor. A gentle moan escaped her lips and Kiki felt as if she should follow her mother's example. Instead of scooting forward, however, she kept her bottom back against the seat and just let go. Her pee splashed from between her legs against the hardwood chair and pooled there for a few seconds before falling in streams down her legs and from the chair. She delighted in the mixed sounds of her pee dripping on the floor and her mother's splashing loudly against the tiles. Once finished, they both grinned again.

