Pee Time at the Palais

2nd July 2009, 08:54 PM

Author: jervisp

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 20

The bass beat rhythm of the latest Elvis track rolled out into the chilly afternoon to mix with the busy hum of weekend traffic as Sandy and June pulled open the heavy swing doors of the Gigolo milk bar. Another workaday week was over and there was time for a frothy coffee before catching the number 49 bus home..

The girls usually met up at this particular time, in this particular place, at Friday teatime, as work finished and the weekend began, to exchange news and make plans for the evening ahead.

Sandy untied her headscarf and undid the big buttons on her camel hair frock coat while June teetered over to a corner table with an overcrowded tray.

«Where to tonight then girls?» she called, as they were joined by Annie and Megs, arriving from the bank across the High Street.

«There's a new band playing at the Palais» said Annie, «They do all the latest tunes, and the lead singer is a dead ringer for Billy Fury».

«Well that'll do me» sighed June, «I've got such a crush on Billy».

«A bit short for my liking» said Megs, curling her lip, in affected imitation.

«Poor man's Elvis I'd say, - still - can't beat a bit of live rock' n'roll - I'm in».

«I bet the lack of inches in height are more than made up for elsewhere» said June closing her eyes in her own private fantasy. «What I wouldn't give to find out!» - All four of them erupted in a fit of giggling at June's indiscretion.

Sandy pumped more coins into the Wurlitzer and they gaily swapped stories of the week gone by as they waited patiently for the bus to round the distant bend and come into view.

Eventually it appeared and the girls quickly finished up and spilled into the street to run for the stop.

Half an hour later Sandy and June were ensconced in their regular routine of bath, change and make up before meeting up again in their Friday night finery back at the same bus stop to go back into town.

June admired Sandy's ensemble of flared skirt in red and black with a hint of frilly petticoat just visible at the hem as she walked. Her tight top was nipped at her tiny waist, low cut, and a black neckerchief tied to the side completed the fifties fashion perfectly.

«You look ready to pull» said June admiringly, «I hope you're as well dressed under there - you never know your luck!»

«Sure am» replied Sandy, «New suspender belt with extra frills, the metal clips are hurting when I sit down though». She screwed up her face and shifted awkwardly in her seat.

June smiled, «Mine too, I might take it off later - if I get the chance!» She winked at Sandy and they leaned together, laughing like schoolgirls.

As they arrived at the dance hall, the queue had already grown to around forty of fifty strong.

«There must be nothing much on at the pictures» Sandy complained, as they took their place behind a bunch of likely looking lads who nodded and cockily tossed back their Brylcremed quiffs, tapping out the rhythm of the night with their purple beetle crushers.

«All right girls? - any chance of the last dance then?»

«God you're not shy are you» said June. «Let's get in the door first will you».

The cold dry January air was cutting them in two, particularly as they had, as usual, dressed quite inappropriately. Who needs a coat when there's dancing to be done?

«Oh please do hurry up» said Sandy, crossing her arms and standing on tiptoe, straining to see if there was any movement up front.

«This bloody cold has got me dying for a pee», she whispered to her friend.

One of the boys in front must have heard her, as he turned with a mischievous grin, arched an eyebrow, and chanced a reply

«I'll stand guard love, promise not to peek... much!»

«Get lost creep» - said June, quick to defend Sandy's honour. Sandy didn't need much defending as it happened.

She leaned to within an inch of the lad's face. «If I were you I'd turn around right now and face front mate; if you want to go home with your balls intact that is».

He held up his hand in shamefaced surrender to Sandy's spitting rebuke.

«Take a joke love», - he got the message all right.

Jerry, the dance hall commisionairre, walked up and down the queue, casting shy glances at the girls, and especially at Sandy as she hopped from foot to foot.

«Don't look at him» said June without moving her lips. «Don't make eye contact».

June knew full well that Jerry had a thing for Sandy. He was about thirty but looked younger, with the appearance of a callow teenager with bad skin and slicked back oily hair. He cut a sad figure in his evening suit, jacket two sizes too big on his skinny shoulders and black bow tie loosely tied around his scrawny neck.

His little ferret face grinned unnervingly as he walked past the girls.

«Cold air making you uncomfortable ladies?» He looked Sandy up and down, almost unconsciously appearing to mentally undress her as he took a last drag on his roll up woodbine and dropped it into the kerb, before passing on by.

Sandy turned her back and shuddered, eyes closed and teeth clenched.

«Ugh! why do we come here?»

The queue went down quite quickly and as June fished in her fake snakeskin handbag for two ninepence entries, Sandy pushed straight on past to get to the ladies.

«She's paying» Sandy announced as she pushed aside Jerry, standing guard in the foyer, before passing on through into the linking corridor and on to the ladies toilet.

As June handed the tickets over to have them ripped in half, she saw Sandy disappear into the loo. Jerry was close behind her and he fumbled with a heavy key to the cleaner's cupboard. He was in a hurry and June heard him clattering about once inside with the door closed behind him.

She thought little of it and made her way to the bar where she ordered two rum and cokes while she waited for Sandy to reappear.

«That's much better» said Sandy walking up to the corner table June had claimed, as she took her drink and sank the first shot of the night, «Right how much is that I owe you?»

The lights were low and the music rocked as Sandy and June twirled and twisted to the exciting sounds of Buddy Holly hits, They were gradually growing more and more inebriated as the intoxicating atmosphere of rhythm guitar and rum and coke, worked their magic.

As the band switched temporarily to a slow number, Sandy announced that she needed the loo again.

«I'll come too» said June, «I've been holding on but I'm afraid I'm about to give in».

Giggling, the pair of them left the floor and moved out into the cold light of the corridor. As they pushed into the toilet, June glance across to the entrance foyer and once again saw little Jerry make a bolt for the cleaners cupboard.

Instinctively she was suspicious.

«You go ahead» she said to Sandy, «I just forgot something». Sandy looked puzzled but carried on into the only free cubicle.

June emerged from the toilet just in time to see Jerry disappear once again into the closet and close and lock the door behind him.

She re-entered the ladies and once inside she called to Sandy

«Sandy, you in there? It's me, let me in will you».

A cubicle door opened narrowly as Sandy beckoned June inside.

«Hurry up! I'm sat here with my knickers down»,

June went inside and ignored Sandy as she glanced urgently around her.

«What you doing?» asked Sandy agitated. «You're acting all strange - stop it you're making me nervous».

June put her finger to her pursed lips urging Sandy to keep quiet. As Sandy finished, she dropped her flared teenybopper skirt and petticoats, and moved aside to let June go, crossing her eyebrows, perplexed at June's furtive behaviour.

«Tell you outside» said June in her quietest whisper.

June unbolted the cubicle door without having peed, and pushed Sandy outside and then out into the corridor.

«June will you please tell me what the hell you're doing!» exclaimed Sandy crossly.

«Watch this» she said, nodding towards the cleaner's cupboard.

Sandy watched bemused, as the lock rattled and Jerry emerged, red in the face with his penguin suit somewhat dishevelled.

«That dirty bastard's just watched you taking a piss», said June.

«WHAT?» yelled Sandy, «what are you on about?»

«Come here and have a look at this» - June grabbed Sandy's hand and pulled her back into the ladies. They re-entered the cubicle and June bent over behind the pan to point to a large gap around the waste pipe. Sandy peered through it but there was just total darkness.

«What do you reckon is on the other side of that hole» June asked Sandy to speculate.

Sandy looked blank.

«I'll tell you» - it's the bloody cleaner's cupboard and every time you come in here, he goes in there and locks the door».

They came out and entered the next cubicle. They waited for others to come free, and checked them out as well. All five had the same gap around the waste pipe.

«It doesn't make any difference which one you use, he's got a spy hole into the bloody lot!»

Sandy stood there gaping, astonished and a little freaked out.

«But why me?» she was able to say at last.

«Oh come on Sandy, you know what a perv he is; you know how much of a crush he has on you! The way he hangs around the dance floor when you're jiving, trying to see a frill and a stocking top, and the way he's always asking around if you've got a boyfriend. He's got the hots and he's found a way of satisfying his secret passion. And now it seems he's also got a pee thing going on".

Sandy was coming down as her shock began to subside.

«Poor sod, I actually feel a bit sorry for him, I bet he's never had a woman in his life».

«And never likely to get one either» added June dismissively.

But something wicked was hatching inside Sandy's head.

«What do you say we give him the thrill of a lifetime June? Just one big moment in his sad little life, and then milk it for what we can get. If he wants to see me pissing so badly, why don't we give him a little show?» She was half smiling, a little devil inside sensing the potential benefits they could grift from the situation.

June grinned; immediately on her wavelength. «That could be quite fun», she contemplated. «We could push him over the edge, and then put a stop to his little scheme».

The girls returned to the dance floor and bopped away for the next hour.

The night was at its peak and they each drank several more rums and a couple of bottles of coke.

«Are we going to do this June 'cos I'm absolutely bursting?» asked Sandy pushing her hand into the front of her wide skirt, oblivious of whom might be looking».

«Yeah me too» said June, «come on, I can't wait».

June told Sandy to go into the toilets alone while she quietly checked that her theory was correct.

Sure enough, as Sandy moved towards the toilet door, Jerry emerged from his little office, scuttled towards the cupboard, and started to unlock it.

June didn't hesitate; she entered the toilet and again called to Sandy to let her in.

Once inside, Sandy put her slender brown arms around June's neck, pulled her in close and kissed her fully on the mouth, tongues flashing in an exchange of passionate ardour.

She moved close to June's ear, nuzzling into her soft brown hair.

«Oh God, I so need to pee - I so want to do it just for you», she said in her best stage whisper.

June replied convincingly, «Will you do it for me Sandy? Just for me - will you let me see and feel your hot wet piss?»

«Come on - let's do it» said Sandy urgently.

With that she put her hands to the side of her voluminous red and black skirt and lifted it to bunch forward, much higher than strictly necessary, around her waist, revealing the full spectacle of her pink frilly suspender belt, with its shiny metal buckles running under her high sided white knickers. The lace edged panties were tugged down and she bent forward to thrust her bare bottom out towards the back of the cubicle. She spread her legs to squat down, imagining the view of her gaping bum and split crotch available to anyone who happened to be enjoying from the optimum vantage point.

June got down in front of her and ran her right hand between Sandy's thighs fingering her slit with a gentle probe.

Just then Sandy released an urgent jet of warm pee over June's hand and both girls moaned avidly; - and very deliberately.

«That's it Sandy, give me all your piss, it makes me so wet to see and feel and touch and smell your hot steaming jet».

As the stream slowed, Sandy hoisted her skirt and slip as high as she could and stood legs astride, as June pushed her head between her thighs and licked her dripping piss hole.

«Lick me dry June, that's it; every last drop, taste it in your luscious mouth».

June licked her lips and closed her eyes in mock ecstasy. «Oh God your piss tastes so delicious Sandy» - she cocked her head to one side, «Do you want to feel mine? I'm dying to give it to you».

«Please please yes June, let me watch and touch».

June wondered if they were getting over theatrical.

June pulled up Sandy's panties for her, nestling them back into place with a delicate caress, and nudged past her friend. She then hoisted her own skirt and slip and squatted up on the bowl, a shiny black shoe on either side of the seat and facing the back of the cubicle.

She reached down and yanked aside the crotch of her cream silk camiknickers to display her thick crop of jet black pubic hair. The heavy outer lips parted to reveal her delicate pink folds within and as Sandy reached through to cup the front of her puffy lips, June released a thick pale jet of steaming urine.

Sandy moaned again. «I can feel how hot it is» she breathed heavily, «its warming my hand».

As June's piss continued to gush forward, Sandy's hand diverted it into the pan in a messy splashing cascade.

Her free hand caressed June's outer thigh, over the heavy buckle of her suspender clip, fingertips running between the wide dark band of her tan stocking top and the soft white flesh beneath.

She lowered her face and pushed her nose into June's gaping bum hole as it bulged under the strain of her forced piss. Her tongue stretched out and she licked hungrily between June's legs, smearing the slick residue around the outer lips.

«Oh that feels divine darling» groaned June «Don't stop!».

As the pee trickled to a halt, the girls stayed in position and Sandy rubbed urgently at June's bulging clitoris. She quivered, as the pretence gave way to the exalted heights of a genuine orgasm.

As the wave subsided the girls stood up, June rearranged her underwear and dropped her skirt.

They kissed once more in a passionate embrace, then June dropped down to floor level, glanced at the gap around the pipe, and leaned forward.

«See you later Jerry» and she blew a little kiss.

There was a clattering crash from behind the partition as something; or someone, appeared to be falling into a pile of old metal buckets.

The girls quickly came out of the cubicle and into the corridor, only to see Jerry, in a very disturbed state sheepishly emerging from the closet.

He tried not to look at the girls but as he shoved past, straightening his bow tie, June grabbed his jacket at the back of the neck.

«Oh no you don't, you dirty little creep - come back here!»

She dragged Jerry into his office and closed the door behind them.

His moral turpitude, nakedly exposed, and was preventing him from resisting.

June took control.

«I think there's an urgent repair job needs doing in the ladies first thing tomorrow morning, and I think you know exactly what it is. Maybe perhaps a bit of filler should fix it?»

«Err.. yes I'm sure that can be arranged» he stammered, obviously terrified of what might be about to happen.

«I don't think anyone else need know about his perverted little games. What do you think June?» said Sandy, her eyes penetrating the sad little man's guilty countenance. «Provided of course, me and my mate here can have free entry on the door...and free drinks..know what I mean?»

«Oh that would be no problem » he conceded, his eyes darting between them.

«Likeforever.from now on.» June added with a grin, pushing her face towards him. «Whenever we feel like coming down here...?»

