Nikki's Story (Part 1)

4th July 2012, 06:40 PM

Author: wetNwildbrian69

Location: South London (Sex: Male) Posts: 78

Hi, I'd like your feedback please.

Just finished part 1 of a story (true) and wanted to know if you like what you read and whether I should write part 2?

Niki's Story Part 1

I was younger then - 21 or 22. Sitting in a training class, I was ignoring the computer in front of me that had tried to make me learn. I was ignoring it because I was planning a quick exit. I needed to leave early that day because it was a special day. If you didn't know what a night it was going to be you might have thought it was just a typical wet Manchester evening when I left. I knew what I hoped I'd do that day and I was glad that I'd spent southern-style money to pay for the posh car-park, so it could start sooner. The car I ran to was mine.

It was the first car I had ever owned. It was unreliable, had cloth seats and a worn-out hi-fi where the cassette played songs that gasped and moaned to a halt as their hard cases spurted long streamers lovingly into the workings as the machine sucked, gulping and swallowing them down. But that car was mine, and I had bought it becase it had a large, comfortable back seat. That night I started the car quickly, crashed into reverse gear and - with my limited driving skill - swung the wheel around, cleared my space, slammed into first and shot down the road. The front tyres made a stuttering squeal and the stearing wheel shook. As I thrust forward I shook with too, with anticipation.

I was off to see Nikki. Nikki who I hadn't seen for years. Nikki the ex-punk, the ex-singer, the art-student, the jeweler. Nikki could have been a model. Nikki with the bobbed blonde hair and pouting lips. Nikki with the hips. The hips that swung. The hips below the tight belt that gathered her jeans. The jeans over her black polo sweater. The sweater she tucked in so her hand could smooth it carefully and wrap her white, silk skinned bottom so no crease was shown.

Her jeans where her hand could brush gently around her front, as she wedged her sweater over her small lace-trimmed knickers. These were the jeans which we had all imagined sliding our hands into, replacing hers hands with ours, unwrapping her curvacous bum, pulling out her black polo, we all slipped one hand between her and her knickers and with the other felt the friction of the black cloth as we moved them moved upwards so palms could cup her breasts, where our fingers could gently pinched erect niples and guide them to our soft, wet, open mouths.

They all imagined what it would be like, but I knew. It was a surprise the first time I found out. I thought there would be no chance of this and had pretended that I wanted to be just friends. That I simply enjoyed her company. She was bright, she'd seen a lot, knew a lot. So we talked and talked and smoked weed until the morning drew light and I went home alone to release my pressure. It's funny how these things happen and it had happend one night. She started it. She turned and looked at me and I knew what her eyes said they wanted, but I couldn't believe them.

Like her, her eyes were always right. It was one of the nights that I keep remembering. It has happened a with her a few times since, but like the time I will tell you about, I never forget the elation of that first time. The colours I saw, the air that I smelled, the sweat that we shared. She was the reason I had chosen this car. The one with the large back seat. The back seat that still held her scent. The scent I could taste when I imagined she was there and pushed my face down hard so my eyebrows forced open on the beaded cloth and I sucked the air in, deep and long. Hard, deep and long.

As I put down the map, I tugged the last from of the steering, curled my fingers around the stick-shift and stroked it into reverse. I gently pulled up outside, just as she had instructed me to. The destination had reared up suddenly in front of me. She had seemed surprised when I told her I was comming. Surprised but strangely certain, she had not thought I would come again but I had managed it. I knew she had found someone new and had moved on.

So I was going to come, but come as a friend. I pulled up outside her house. I walked up the 50 shaded grey steps on one side of the curved, stone double-sided stair-case that framed the sculpted entrance. An entry that was almost eager to swallow the well-kept garden laid out in front of it. I approached the tightly closed door, reached down with my hands and worked the small knob to ring her bell. I did not have to wait long and the door swung easily open on lubricated hinges. My goddess stood there, she stood tall her head glistening wet. She had emerged recently from a shower and was not ready for me yet so she showed me to her back room where I amused myself. She slid downstairs and blow-dried ready for the night ahead. She said she was glad I came.

Soon we set out for the night's the first entertainment. We went to see a circus. Not an orindary circus, Archaos was an adults-only modern troupe from France. This was a fire-breathing, chainsaw juggling, scrap-yard mad-max rampage junk-punk show. It was a cold damp night. We were pointed to seats by the spikey purple-haired ticket chick, the chick in the stockings, the chick in the corset and thigh-high rubber boots. The one with the pierced, tatooed fanny. It was freezing in the scaffolding-mountain slip-slide benches.

The wooden seats felt cold as our bottoms sat down. The fingers of cold-damp touching our inner legs and pushing into our holes. We snuggled into our coats, our breath billowing dragon smoke to mix later with the exhaust from the high-octane scrap show cars. Nikki held my arm and placed her head on my shoulder - moving in close for warmth.

We watched the show. In came the clowns, one on stilts. He wore rubber. He wore a gas mask with glass windows and a beak. He had huge metal shoulders that thrust upwards like sharpened eagle-wings. He stilt-strutted, stopped and posed. He put his hands on his hips, strained his head back to sky gaze, and the speakers shouted a twisting, high-velocity rotating whine of a scream amid the thumping base note of the quickening beat. His eyes glowed red - six foot spitting fire tails roared from nozzles on his back.

I was amazed. Nikki grabbed my hand, squeezed it. Look she said pointing. And then I saw it. Wet. The clown was rampaging in drug-fuelled madness and peeing on himself. He was doing it right there in the ring, in front of us all. The rubber around his groin glistened, his dark-skinned, muscular, hairy legs became drenched and matted by the flow of his ejected river. He dribbled between his elevated legs landing in spots on the dust-dry floor. Nikki squeezed my hand tighter, giggled and smiled up at me. "how naughty.. but how nice" was all she said. I smiled and grew harder. I pretended we were just good friends.

The rain hit the windscreen in splattering splashes, the car's wipers flick-flacking away the falling sky piss. When we stopped, the car was filled with the sound of splosh-pattering rain on the roof of our steel box. I imagined us cuddled naked and safe from the storm outside in a metal-canvas mad-max tent, with the smell of grass and sleeping bags and the coolness of a tapaulin floor. The air would be cold on our clean bodies as the indoor breeze carressed our skin and the wind storm whistled outside.

The open-cracked car window stopped the glass misting as my breathing grew deeper. It let us hear the splish-splash of the busses outside as their big bodies lumbered up the puddle strewn road. The lights turned green and we slowly gained pace. Our progress jerked by the bump and splash of a pot hole which made us simultaneously spasm and squirm in our seat. Scored by the sound of the squish-sticky, rubber wet tyres sucking and licking at the road as we continued our drive to Nikki's house. We picked up speed, and I changed gear.

