The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Two

10th December 2007, 05:39 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Those who dislike long stories my wish to skip this one. I was surprised to discover, while running a spelling and grammar check on it preparatory to posting it, that I had written over 3000 words on the subject of Anna's afternoon. Still, if the worth of a story can be measured in the amount of erotic imagery, then it is much better than the first chapter; I think it will be worth your time to read. And I can promise that the third chapter, if anyone is still interested in reading it, will be shorter and more to the point.

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): Having made the journey to the house of LaRoche, sworn secrecy and surrendered all clothing Anna Feldstone has been deflowered by lackey Jack upon a lawn of soft grass.

###

When Anna woke, she knew not at first where she was; but the grass was soft beneath her and the sun warm upon her naked flesh and she felt content in a manner she had never before experienced. Without opening her eyes, she listened to the sounds of the world about her: birds singing quietly, the grass moving in the light breeze, a cricket jumping and landing again. And then, a human voice, female, melodious and unfamiliar, spoke: "Ah, Jack, I see thou takest seriously thy duties to the Master's guests."

"Indeed, Milady," quoth a male voice, one known to her, and of a sudden Anna remembered the events of the day with clarity and a tiny smile upon her somnolent face. She opened her eyes. The sun, during her sleep, had passed its zenith and begun its fall toward night. She sat up. Beside her yet reclined Jack, servant to LaRoche, he who had introduced her but hours ago to such pleasure as she had never known the gods granted to mere humans. Her blood, drying now, was upon both their loins, and she felt still a twinge of pain in a secret place within her, but it did not bother her. Jack smiled. "Ah, Milady," said he. "May I present to you the Lady Norton. Milady Norton, the Lady... But forgive me, Milady, I know not the name of your family to introduce you properly."

"It is Feldstone," said Anna absently. She raised her eyes from Jack and beheld the lady, who wore only what the gods had given her at her birth. Upon her cheeks were the first faint hints of Age's wrinkles, but the skin of her body was uniformly tanned and her breasts firm and large. Her eyes were a deep blue and sparkled merrily, and her hair, black as jet, fell free down her back, though in that lower place where Anna had a soft covering of brown fur, this lady was clean and smooth as a baby. "I apologize that I do not curtsy to you milady, but as you see I lack the necessary clothing."

The lady laughed. "As do all here; thou shalt find us a surprisingly informal lot. And this 'milady' is well for Jack and his fellow servitors, but not for the guests of LaRoche; thou shat call me Clarissa, and I shall call thee Anna, for I am certain we shall be excellent good friends." Anna nodded uneasily. Clarissa continued: "But, I see this good knight hath blood upon his spear, and thou a wound of a sort thou canst not receive twice in thy mortal life. None of our fair sex dwell here any great length of time without receiving it; myself had it within three hours of first walking through the gate, and that was fifteen years and more gone. How likest thou the hospitality of the Master's house?"

"I have yet seen no house," replied Anna, courteously, "but have been shown excellent hospitality by our mutual friend here; indeed, the joy I have received from him is such that I wonder the gods allow it. I fear there must be some trap; that, by partaking of this bliss, I have assigned myself some punishment, as did Bertrand when he ate of the fruit of the tree the goddess Fayella had forbidden to him."

Jack sighed. "The Church would tell you aye, that you have damned your soul forever upon your death. My Master, however, has a different view, to which I also subscribe; who is it, he would say, that invented those marvellous instruments with which we helped each other to such transports of delight, and who gave them to us?"

"The gods, of course," Anna replied.

"Indeed," said Clarissa. "And who gave to us the intelligence to understand their use?"

"Also the gods."

"Think you then," Jack asked, "that these same gods should be enraged that we make use of these marvellous devices they have undoubtedly worked so hard to create? On the contrary, methinks it must insult our creators if we fail to enjoy their gifts as much and as often as we can!"

"Of course, that makes so much sense," Anna beamed.

It happened then that Jack remembered other, pressing duties to which he must devote himself. The fountain sufficed to cleanse them of Anna's blood, and Anna was as assiduous in the washing of that marvellous organ which so delighted her as was Jack in bathing that central orifice into which it had plunged, and both took somewhat longer at their tasks than was strictly necessary; but then Jack regretfully took his leave and Clarissa, who volunteered to show Anna the place, put her arm familiarly about Anna's shoulders, the flesh of their bare hips touching, and, talking constantly of trivialities, led her out of the trees that shaded the fountain and away from the gate by which Anna had entered some hours before.

Beyond the trees was visible, for the first time, a house of brown stone, full three stories in height, and covered with such a profusion of carvings and gargoyles and ornate window ledges that it seemed the rock itself must cave in beneath their weight. Between the trees and the house, upon another thick, green lawn, were visible a multitude of people; old and young, male and female, short and tall were all represented, much in equal parts, and a few children ran here and there playing, as children do in all places where they live.

Some of the adults walked or sat together, upon chairs or upon the grass, and talked or read from books. Others played at sports, chasing balls about with racquets or with their feet; others still chased each other about, and, having caught each other, fell upon the grass, clasping their prey to their bosoms. And all were naked as the day they were born, and none made any show of worrying about this save when it made simpler the collision of those organs which all displayed to the world. As Jack had said, the men all had the same marvellous wand that was at the centre of Anna's thoughts, and in the same place; as had all women that same sweet crevice that, in Anna, now tingled and dribbled from its lips a transparent fluid that glistened in snail tracks down the insides of her legs.

Anna was embarrassed, at first, that her enjoyment of the sight of these people should be so easily visible, and was therefore greatly relieved, when Clarissa hailed three acquaintances of about Anna's age, to discover that these displayed the same damp markings and yet chatted with Clarissa showing no hint of shame. These, Clarissa informed her, were Janice, Maria, and Fatima, and since later events were to make them Anna's closest friends at the house of LaRoche, or, indeed, anywhere, it seems fitting to pause here for a closer description of these three beauties.

Janice came from Ranes, which borders Gwint to the North, and in this foreign place seemed almost a fellow countrywoman to Anna. Possessed of perpetual high spirits, she often danced rather than walked, and her friends were accustomed to seeing her skip merrily away during some shared pursuit, returning immediately to continue as though nothing occurred. As an addict requires morphine, so did she require movement at regular intervals. Her hair was almost as short as Anna's, though cut less hurriedly and more expertly, and brilliant red, as was the fringe at the junction of her thighs; and this was thick and curly, almost completely obscuring that priceless jewel about which it grew. Her eyes were green, like Anna's, and piercingly bright, and sparkled when she laughed, which was often.

Maria wore always about her neck a small, leather pouch containing the male organ of a Baboon, cunningly preserved against decay, a talisman that made even more enjoyable that activity to which Anna had been introduced but hours earlier; or so she claimed, though none save herself had ever seen this artefact. It hung between her breasts, which, due to their size and firmness, had fit with difficulty within any clothing she had ever worn and were much more comfortable in their current liberated state. Though animated in conversation with those she knew, she was shy and reserved otherwise, the least likely to make a suggestion, the most likely to go along with whatever her friends thought or did. Still, in the moment of the ultimate pleasure, she could scream as though she were being tortured by the Archfiend himself; which could startle an unprepared lover and would afterward be a source of embarrassment for her and of good-natured teasing from her friends.

Fatima claimed to have been born upon the other side of the sea, having arrived in this place hidden in the hold of a trading ship. Of the three, only she had encountered that most pleasurable of pastimes before visiting the house of LaRoche, for she had played at it with the sailors and thus kept them silent about her existence aboard the ship. Dark of hair and eye and skin, she was in temperament almost the exact opposite of Janice; she moved slowly, spoke softly and smiled thinly, when she did any of these things.

Her body was feline, thin and lithe; the hair upon her head she kept in a single braid bound by a yellow ribbon, which hung to the level of her fundament; and it was the same raven-black as that at the base of her belly, which was thin and perpetually saturated with that heady liquid that leaked from her when she rubbed herself there, as were her fingers from the rubbing. She claimed to be incapable of forgoing, for even as long as a day, that game taught her by the men of the sea, and with a wry humour would express surprise that she had lived long enough without it to board the boat in the first place.

Anna spent several hours in company of these three and of Clarissa, talking of various topics and being introduced to many of her new friends' acquaintances. It was during this period that she began to feel again the desire to visit a privy, though Jack had informed her that no such edifice existed in the area; now, she saw occasionally a person relieving this particular need upon the grass, but Anna, embarrassed and uncertain that she would be capable of accomplishing this while so many were about to see, said and did nothing about it even as the pressure within her built. And thus it was that she all but lost what must have been a veritable river when, as the sun dropped to within a stone's throw of the horizon and the first hints of sunset's rosy light began to appear, a deep-voiced bell rang out from somewhere close by. She jumped, causing Janice to giggle and Fatima to smile wryly. "What was that?" Anna exclaimed.

Clarissa put a comforting arm about Anna's shoulder. "That," she replied, "is but a reminder that supper is to be served presently. Come." And the five women walked off toward the house, in company of most of the throng upon the lawn. The doors to this edifice were full twice the height of a tall man, and formed of two thick slabs of a heavy and dark wood. They were richly carved and painted with many small scenes of nude men and women taking their ease or their pleasure in various elaborately worked scenes, ranging from a tiny hut with snow upon the window-sills to a beach of soft sand beneath a warm sun.

Within was a vast hall with a double stair at the rear and a railed balcony wrapping about the top with doors at intervals; and three doors at ground level, one leading left, one right, and one, as Anna would later discover, hidden behind the stairs. They followed the crowd through the left-hand door and into an even larger room, though with a lower ceiling, and the floor mostly taken up by ten long tables, in two rows of five, each with a bench of the same length upon each side and place settings for fifty. The ceiling was painted in much the same style as the door, though this had but one scene, depicting a hundred naked people in a large chamber with a pool at its centre and sunlight entering through windows in the ceiling; and some were eating and some swimming and some pleasuring themselves and each other and some doing several of these things at once, while still others merely rested.

Anna was astonished at the detail of this image, and walked with her head tilted back as she and her new friends made their way to seat themselves at one end of a table, with Janice and Fatima upon one side and Clarissa, Anna and Maria upon the other the better to continue their conversation throughout supper. The coolness of the lacquered wooden bench upon her bare buttocks made her start, and for a second again she all but lost control of her water; she had some vague design of waiting until night and leaving the house to empty herself, but she now began to despair of lasting so long.

And as servitors, wearing purple ribbons like Jack's about their heads, brought carafes of chilled wine in various colours to the table, far from being amazed at being served wine like a lady, she thought only of the effects that beverage would have upon that lake she held within. She took a cupful of the white, however, so as not to appear impolite, and sipped at it cautiously, then set it upon the table with no intention of touching it again until she had found a place to discretely take care of her pressing problem.

The food arrived: first were vegetables such as Anna was used to, though more artfully arranged upon larger platters which were passed up and down the tables so that each could take his fill. Anna took a potato and found it to have been cooked expertly and then slit open and butter and various unfamiliar spices put in and left to mingle with the flesh of the heavy root; and the taste was strong enough that, upon swallowing the first mouthful, Anna reached for her cup of wine and swallows some of that before she thought of the consequences this might have. Still, the potato was too flavourful to eat without drinking something, as was the duck that followed it, sliced thinly but served liberally to all; and this Anna must also eat, for fowl was something she had had but rarely at home and was loathe to waste. And so it was that Anna soon found herself beginning upon her third cup of wine and worried less about waiting until nightfall than about waiting until supper was finished.

It was then that Anna heard, faintly above the sounds of chatter and eating, a splattering noise; she at first paid it no heed, but then noticed, a wet feeling upon her bare legs. She bent awkwardly to peer beneath the table and was astonished to see a small downpour originating from a mass of thick and curly red hair that she recognized as belonging to Janice. Nobody else seemed to notice this, but her surprise must have been apparent for Janice said, "O, I'm sorry, Anna, did I splash thee?"

Anna said nothing, but made a little nod. Clarissa smiled and declared, "I see thou art not yet used to relieving thyself at table. Thou'lt find it's customary here. In fact..." And she closed her eyes, and presently Anna heard a second splashing noise coming from beside her; this was too much for Anna, and the water she had contained within her burst out whether she would or no. The noise was loud and the liquid warm upon her legs, and, by the looks upon their faces, upon the legs of Janice and Fatima as well; and the cessation of pressure was an amazing sensation. Anna's eyes closed and her head lolled backward as the jet spewed from her, her mouth open in a silent "O" of shock.

There was a sudden and shocked silence at their end of the table as the spume from Anna's nether regions died away. She blushed a deep cherry-red on perceiving herself suddenly the centre of attention; Fatima, whose left hand had been bust constantly beneath the table even while her right was engaged in feeding herself, had stopped both operations to stare at Anna. Then Janice applauded sardonically, as did the three men seated to her right; and Clarissa laughed, and this was taken up by all who had been near enough to be aware of Anna's flood, including Anna herself. As conversation resumed, Fatima remarked, "It must feel heavenly to be rid of that, after carrying it as long as thou must have."

"Indeed," Anna replied, her blush receding and still dripping slightly. "It is an unparalleled sensation, almost rivalling that which I experienced this morning at the hand of Jack." She giggled. At this admission, Janice, Fatima and Maria exchanged a significant look.

"What say you, friends?" asked Janice after a moment, with a nod toward Anna. And when Fatima and Maria had responded in the affirmative, she turned to a confused Anna and said, "My friends and I have our own amusement, combining those two sensations you have just mentioned. Wilt thou join us for it tonight?"

Anna was intrigued. "I should be honoured," said she. "How is this accomplished?"

"We'll show thee after supper," Maria giggled, reaching for the carafe of white wine. "But thou'lt need a lot more of this in thee first."

