Denise, Claire and Kirsty's CLUBBING NIGHT: PART 4

24th March 2018, 11:45 PM

Author: whiskey35

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 78

Like Bertsmall, I often thought this excellent series could do with another chapter, to finish off the night out. Picking up on Bgrn82's original and PrivateWiddles earlier parts which can be read here:

Part1 $t=48366

Part2 $t=48406

Part3 $t/community/...65&page=1&pp=10

I hope it's a worthy addition and the others don't mind me borrowing their characters or the length of this story.

Having left the car park rather hurriedly after Denise's «animal» piss in the lift, the girls headed back towards the club they had originally left following the fire alarm. They were rather disappointed to find that it was only about to reopen and the line snaked halfway down the street. Kirsty as she often did, took charge and suggested an alternative way to end the night out. «Look girls, by the time we get back in there and get a drink, it'll be time to go home. Why don't we find a local bar and have a few drinks and a bit of a laugh before we go for the last train home» she suggested. «Sounds like a plan» replied Denise picking up the idea. «I know somewhere not too far away and it's on the way to the station». «You normally do» Claire piped in laughing.

It wasn't long before they arrived at the bar Denise was thinking of and the girls went in to find it was fairly busy with a good vibe. They found a table, Kirsty and Denise sat down and Claire was ordered to go to bar and get a round of drinks. Quite a few drinks later and it was closing time. The girls were almost the last with the staff politely guiding them towards the door.

As soon as they hit the fresh air the girls realised just how much they'd had to drink and Claire's bladder gave her a signal that it needed emptying very soon. Looking hopefully back towards the bar they had just left, she seen that the door was firmly closed so going back to nip to the loo wasn't going to be an option. «Denise, how far is it to the station» she asked, «I'm busting for a wee». «About five minutes, hon», came the reply.

Claire wasn't sure if she could last that long and as the girls took their first few steps on the way she knew there wasn't a chance and started scanning the area to find somewhere to pee. Fortunately just along the street she spotted what looked like an entrance to a service road. As they approached, whether it was the amount she'd had to drink, the urgent need or if she'd finally become used to having a naughty pee when out with the girls, she found herself overcoming her natural shyness and blurted out «hang on a second girls, I'm going to nip in here for a piss» much to the surprise of her friends. «You go for Claire» a surprised Kirsty replied before exchanging a «she's definitely one of us now» glances with Denise.

Claire meanwhile surprised by her own boldness, had ducked under the barrier at the end of the service road and was looking for somewhere to have her much needed wee. Leaving the brightly lit street behind under a dim security light she found a double door set back slightly in an alcove about 20 metres down. Stepping up into the alcove, she noticed a faint smell of pee, so she wasn't the first to have pissed here, but would be the first tonight. She was just about to unbutton her skinny jeans when she heard another set of heals clicking down the road.

«Don't worry its only me» shouted Denise, «You know what I'm like once I've broke the seal. You don't mind if I join you?» This nearly sent Claire into a panic, as while she had no problem having a sneaky pee anymore she preferred a bit of privacy. She was nearly going to abort the piss and come back up the road, but decided against it firstly as her friends would have known she hadn't peed as she wasn't gone long enough and there was no puddle, but more importantly her bladder simply wouldn't let her!

«No, I'm in a doorway about 20 metres down» she shouted back whilst unbuttoning her jeans and slipping her black silky thong down. She had just dropped into a low squat when Denise stepped up into the doorway. For the second time in a few minutes she surprised herself again as rather than becoming pee shy as she would have expected, a thick shooting jet of pee burst out of her lips missing the step and landing directly on the ground in front of it. «When you said you needed to go, you weren't joking» Denise remarked as she watched her friend continue her impressive wee. Claire just sighed as she continued enjoying the relief.

Denise then joined her slipping her own skinny jeans and red lacey briefs down and dropped into a low squat in the other corner of the doorway. As was normal for her it took a few moments to relax before a weak pee started to drip from her pussy. This soon built up to a steady stream and splattered and hissed noisily to the ground just in front of her strappy heels. Meanwhile Claire was still going strong. Glancing across at Denise, she was secretly enjoying the thrill of being able to pee beside her friend. Eventually though with a couple of spurts she was done and bounced up and down a couple of times before remembering she had a tissue in her pocket. Standing up she took a couple of moments to wipe her neatly trimmed pussy before easing up her thong and jeans.

Denise was also done and wiped a few times before standing up to redress. The two girls then stepped carefully out of the alcove avoiding the massive puddle of piss in front of them. Claire's had formed into a number of river lets running across the yard whilst Denise's had started running over the edge of the step and making its way to join Claire's. Taking one last look at their handiwork Denise couldn't resist teasing Claire slightly by remarking «look at the mess you've made you animal» to which Claire just burst into a fit of giggling, before they rejoined Kirsty on the main street. «Are you sure you don't want to go» Denise asked. «No, I'll be fine until I get to the station» replied Kirsty.

The girls then headed off in the direction of the station, Denise somewhat surprised that Kirsty hadn't stopped for a pee. Arriving at the station Kirsty was by now absolutely busting and headed straight for the ladies. Claire and Denise checked the board for the train time, which was in 15 minutes, so went looking for a seat on the platform to rest their wary legs whilst they waited. The platform was fairly busy, but they managed to find one about a third of the way down. They had just sat down when they were joined by an exasperated Kirsty. «You're not going to believe it, but the fucking toilets are locked again! What is it with us and station toilets at night» she continued referring to previous nights out when they had to find alternative places to have a wee.

Sitting down, she asked how long the train was going to be, thinking she could wait and go on the train. On hearing it was 15 minutes she knew she was in trouble and regretted not peeing with the others earlier. She contemplated hitching her skirt up and going right there, on the bench, but there were too many people about, so an alternative was required. Looking around there didn't seem to be much until she noticed on the other platform a guy busy relieving himself at the side of a ticket machine at the far end of the platform. Checking their platform, there was also a ticket machine at the end of a platform so a plan was hatched.

«Girls, I need your help as I'm about to wet myself here,» she started. «I'm going to pee beside that ticket machine» she continued, pointing at the machine further down the platform «But I'll need you to give me a bit of cover.» Denise and Claire glanced in the general direction with Denise expressing a bit of concern «Sure babe, but are you sure, is it not a bit public?»

«I don't care, I'm busting and if that bloke can get away with it so can I» was Kirsty's response. Getting up they made their way towards the end of the platform. Kirsty was wasting no time and as soon as she got there had her dress hitched up and silky thong down before Denise and Claire were in place. She hadn't even fully squatted down before a shooting stream of urine erupted out of her shaved pussy. After the initial burst of relief had subsided, Kirsty relaxed slightly and continued shooting out a strong jet of pee which drilled into the platform beneath her, initially forming a frothy puddle before this made its way across the platform towards the edge and dropping unto the track below.

«That's an impressive wee» Claire remarked, «I think you win the prize for the best pee tonight» which brought howls of laughter from the others. As her pee started to wane, Kirsty breathed a huge sigh of relief. Finishing off she bounced up and down a few times before quickly pulling up her knickers and smoothing down her dress. Just then the girls heard the rumble of the train entering the station and moved quickly away from Kirsty's flood, so that anyone on the train wouldn't associate them with it. As the train arrived they got on further down and found a seat and relaxed into the journey home.

Around half an hour later the train pulled into the girls' station. Getting off Denise realised that she was in need of another pee and guessing the others probably did too, decided that a group pee would be a fitting end to the night out. «Girls slow down a bit and let the platform clear a bit» she started, «I need another wee.» Moving slowly off the platform towards the exit ramp the last of the other passengers passed the girls and Denise put the next part of her plan into place as they went down the ramp towards the car park. Stopping about halfway down she said «Right girls how about a group wee to end the night out?»

«You're intolerable, but I'm in» replied Kirsty laughing, «what about you Claire?» she continued. «Sure why not» was the response from a newly confident Claire.

With that she started undoing her jeans and lowered them and her thong, dropping down into a low squat on one side of the path. Kirsty joined her on the same side of the path hitching up her dress, this time pulling her thong to the side and dropping into a squat. Denise knowing how strong the other two's pees would be wisely decided to take up a spot slight above them on the other side, slipping her jeans and knickers down and joining the other two who were already peeing at full force, with streams of pee running down the ramp.

Kirsty finished off first and though it would be funny if she could get them all to bounce up and down simultaneously as they drip dried, so stayed squatted down. Claire finished next and Kirsty made a gesture for her to do the same. As Denise finished and started bouncing up and down the others joined in. If anyone else had been coming down the ramp they would have been greeted with 3 pert bouncing bums, 3 rivers of pee snaking their way down the ramp and 3 girls laughing hysterically!

When the laughter had subsided the girls redressed and made their way down the ramp to make their way home. «I think that has to have been one of our best nights out» Denise remarked, which the others readily agreed with. «We'll have to do it again soon.»

