Like Mother like Daughter 3

26th April 2007, 03:51 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the third part of the continuing saga of Michelle and her daughter, Lindsey. If there is enough interest, well, they might be planning a pool party at Michelle's for the next episode.

The weather was warming up and we all started wearing less clothing. This was the time of year when women are trying to look their sexiest and aunt Karen, Michelle and Lindsey always seem to stand out, wearing things that most women wouldn't think of. I'm sure Michelle knew that I was sleeping with her daughter and had come up with her own little temptations. I saw her numerous times in her backyard, next to the pool in her various swimsuits or over at our house often in a very brief pair of short shorts that seemed glued to her beautiful ass. I was fascinated by her very visible panty lines and the way the double crotch band, of her high cut panties, showed through at the base of her butt. I was constantly curious about what may have seeped into the material between her legs.

Michelle always followed my eyes and would usually catch me as I mentally undressed her. I'm sure, at least on one occasion, she was deliberately dribbling pee in her panties, while sitting right in front of me in a patio chair. A circle of wetness was soaking through to surround her love mound on her tan short shorts. She even reached down with her fingers to pull her shorts loose from her crotch, checking the wetness and not caring in the least that she had wet in her pants. The look that she gave me while feeling herself, also meant she was figuring out my little weakness.

Lindsey was still the focus of all my attention, but I relished every opportunity to be around her mother. Michelle's demeanor nearly always stirred something inside me. I loved looking at her walk, even if she was just passing across the room. She had the wildest body, with breasts that seemed to nearly jut straight out. Her butt seemed to flow when she walked and her killer legs were usually accented by a pair of four-inch heels, only making that beautiful bottom all the more gorgeous. If she was wearing a skirt you could easily imagine every fold or crease under it. Her skirts were tailored so that I could always observe the faint outline of her high cut panties. When she chose, she would really put on a show.

I still visited their laundry room, finding various obviously soiled undergarments. I knew that Lindsey wet her pants a couple of times a week, but I'm sure her mother was doing it more frequently. Several times I found her high cut control panties with two stains in them. She was obviously wetting herself, wearing them until they dried and then going in them again. As soon as I touched any pair of panties to my nose, the odor clearly identified the owner. Michelle's pee was almost fragrant.

One afternoon, for some reason, she asked me to go with her to the grocery store. She'd just arrived home from work and wanted me to drive her car. Aunt Karen wasn't back yet and I thought it would be fun. So, while sitting cross-legged in the passenger seat we started the half hour drive to her favorite specialty market. She was a good conversationalist, but this time she seemed preoccupied with something else. While she talked about a party she and my aunt were planning, she continually rocked her right leg over her left and at one point she even stuck her hand under her skirt as if feeling her ass. I only half listened to what she was saying, wondering what she was really doing.

I couldn't take my eyes away from her smooth legs as she almost rhythmically rocked back and forth. While re-crossing them at one point, she gave me a nice view of her baby blue, control panty. The crotch was a little yellowed and obviously wet, leaving little doubt that she was going in her panties even as she sat beside me.

I pulled to the rear of the parking lot suggesting there would be less opportunity for parking lot, door dings. Michelle got out, stood by her door and smoothed her skirt, her right hand lingering for a moment at the base of her butt. Looking at me with those dreamy eyes, she said in her sexy little girl voice, «I should have peed before we left. Oh well, let's just try and hurry».

The trip through the store was to say the least, quite eventful. A saucer size stain on the seat of her skirt told me why she had felt herself in the car. I was just about sure she was wetting while we shopped, because she would stop from time to time and either press her legs together or spread them slightly before continuing. The part that excited me the most was her conversation about the party. She was selecting various products off of the store shelves and placing them in our cart, carrying on as though all was normal. I was doing everything I could to avoid Michelle's provocative mannerisms, since, I was sure that she was doing this whole thing on purpose.

Finally we made it through the checkout and started for the door, when Michelle returned to her little girl tone. «Johnny, I hope I'm not embarrassing you, but honey, I've got to really go potty and I mean right now. I was having a little accident while we were in the store and I need to finish before I get in the car. Please don't let Lindsey know that 'I did a wet', I don't think she understands. I'm sure you must realize by now, that ladies sometimes have little things happen in their panties.»

I told her I understood and promised that it would be 'our little secret'. I also lied and told her that I knew it was, «Ok for ladies to wet their pants». Then I told her that once we reached the car, she could open the passenger car door and just do it there. I was amazed when she did exactly that to, waiting until I was seated in the drivers seat, then just standing there in front of me and letting her pee run down those beautiful legs, into her high heels.

The drive home was in many ways even more stimulating, since she would not stop talking about what she had done. That special, fresh pee smell of hers filled the car and the rhythmic movement of her crossed legs continued until I was sure she was getting off from the wetness in her panties. She never really said that she wet on purpose, but I'm sure that she'd developed a habit of deliberately waiting to long. She suggested that I should just ignore her if it happened in the future since it was nothing more than 'a girl thing'. She also said that one of her best girl friends, by the name of Gale, «did it to».

I couldn't pass that up and promptly quizzed her about Gale. But that's another story.

