Phoebe Earns Her 'A'

4th March 2014, 07:57 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

"Relax," Phoebe told herself. "This won't work if I can't even manage to piss."

Phoebe looked at herself in the mirror, and thought to herself, "It shouldn't need to come to this." The eighteen year old was a stunner. From her tall, statuesque body, long straight black hair, her flawless face with the high cheekbones, and her firm tits, she knew that she was hot. In fact, the sight of her in her lacy thong panties and bra would have been enough for most men to lose whatever self control they had. Unfortunately Mr. Marcus wasn't like most men

She vividly remembered the conversation that had taken place just a couple of days before. She had entered his classroom during his break period, determined to convince him to change her grade. Phoebe had earned a scholarship to USC to play volleyball. The problem was that in order pass the NCAA'S academic eligibility requirements she needed at least a 'C' in all of her classes. It was clear that she was going to get no better than a 'D' in Mr. Marcus's math class. Her high school graduation was about a week away, she needed to get him to change that grade as soon as possible.

The problem with Mr. Marcus was that he was well known for his principles. Many of the players on the various athletic teams had pleaded with him in the past to change a grade in order to keep their eligibility, and sometimes had even brought in their coaches to help plead their case. Nothing ever worked. Not sob stories, not the fact that a player might be needed in order for the school to win a championship, not threats, nothing. Phoebe had entered the classroom prepared to do anything in order to meet the NCAA'S requirements so that she could keep her scholarship.

It's not like she hated that prospect, or that it would have been a sacrifice. Quite the contrary, actually. Most of the girls at Filmore High School fantasized about Mr. Marcus. Barely in his early thirties, he was tall, had a handsome face with a square jaw, and was very fit. Phoebe was imagining riding him as he sat in his chair, her hands running through his light brown brown as his dick thrust in and out of her wet pussy, as she had entered his classroom. She was excited just thinking about it.

Mr. Marcus was sitting at his desk at the front of class, staring at his computer. He looked startled when he heard Phoebe enter the room, and had quickly taken a thumb drive out of his computer and thrown it in his desk. He then looked up, a bit nervous, to see Phoebe standing at the door.

"I think that I'll just close this," she said in her sexiest voice, "we won't want to be disturbed."

"No, leave it open," Mr. Marcus commanded, having fully regained his composure. "There will be no need to close it."

Phoebe could tell that it would be useless to fight with him at that moment, so she left the door open and approached his desk. "Mr. Marcus, as you might have heard, I've got a scholarship offer from USC ..."

"And let me guess, you need to pass my class in order to keep the scholarship. Look, Phoebe, I'm really sorry, but if you had just put some effort into your work, a bright girl like yourself would have easily passed. Unfortunately now it's too late."

"Hey, Mr Marcus, I'm willing to earn my grade, just in a different manner.' She sat in a chair facing him, and started to open her legs and pull up her skirt to make sure that her intentions were perfectly clear.

"Phoebe, you need to leave now," Mr. Marcus said firmly. "You can make up your grade in summer school."

"I'm supposed to report to USC for the summer semester to work on weight training and start working out with the other freshmen," she replied. "Look, I'm willing to do anything in order to pass your class! I really mean it!"

Mr. Marcus simply pointed at the door.

"No really, don't you want to fuck me? I'll suck your dick." His expression remained unchanged. "Do you want to fuck my ass? Do you want to tie me up? To be tied up?"

"Phoebe, out!!!!"

"What about a threesome? Seriously, I can make that happen. No? Are you into guys. Hey, I have this gorgeous gay friend who would be willing to do anything you want ..."

"That's enough," said Mr. Marcus, standing up. "We're both leaving right now!" He led her out of the door, closing and locking it behind him.

As she walked away from the classroom, Phoebe remembered the thumb drive that he had thrown in the drawer, wondering what could have been on it that made him so nervous. She wandered around the school until almost everyone was gone, then went and found the school janitor.

Phoebe had long ago found it advantageous to be on good terms with the staff at the school. With her good looks and flirtatious personality it made it easy for her to get what she needed from them. The janitor was no exception. She approached him as soon as she spotted him. "Gary, do you mind if I borrow your keys for a minute? I think that I left my phone in Mr. Marcus's classroom. I'll bring them right back, I promise."

Keys in hand, she returned to the classroom, and went directly to his desk. She was relieved to find that Mr. Marcus had not locked his desk drawer, and slid it open. While there were a handful of thumb drives in the drawer it was easy to determine the one that he had quickly thrown into the drawer when she had entered the classroom earlier, as it was the only one that wasn't neatly arranged in a row with the rest of them. She picked it up and looked at it, hoping that there was something on it that she could use: something for blackmail, or the secret to seducing him, something. She placed the thumb drive in her bag, closed the desk drawer, and left the room, making sure that the door was unlocked on the way out; that way she would have no problems returning it the next morning before school. She then found Gary, the janitor, pulled her phone out of her bag to indicate that she had found it, gave him a kiss on the cheek as a thank you, and returned his keys.

Phoebe returned home as quickly as she could, anxious to see the contents of the drive, but becoming increasingly worried that it would contain nothing that she could use. As soon as she got home she plugged the drive into her computer and brought up the contents. There were ten folders on the drive. She opened one named "solo pics," and was immediately surprised by what she saw.

The contents of the folder were a large number of images of women peeing. She opened the first file and saw a very attractive brunette standing and pissing on the floor. As she clicked through the pictures she saw that the next few pics were more of this girl and her standing piss, then came a set that started with a cute blonde pissing into a glass. At the end of that set she received another shock when the last couple of pics showed her drinking the contents of the glass.

Another set of pics later in the folder showed a woman laying in a bathtub, her legs above her head, pissing on herself, drinking that part of her stream that reached her mouth. Phoebe was amazed at the variety of positions and places the girls in the pics used to piss, with only a small percentage of them pissing into a toilet, and some of them even trying their hand at using urinals.

After she finished looking at the pictures in that folder, she went back to look at the other folders. Not surprisingly, "solo movies" contained movie clips in the same vein as the pictures she had just seen, "outdoor pics" and "outdoor movies" were similar to the "solo" folders, with the girls pissing outside, and "wet pics" and "wet movies" contained pictures and clips of women wetting their clothes.

Phoebe looked at the folders labeled "gs pics" and "gs movies," and was certain that she knew what they held. She opened up "gs movies" and clicked on one of the files. The file she selected of of one guy with two girls. She was getting turned on as an handsome guy was laying on the floor while a hot girl rode him, then the other girl started to piss on them. She fast forwarded through the clip, seeing each of them giving a golden shower to the other two, and each of them drinking piss.

The final pair of folders on the drive were named "les pics" and "les movies." Predictably they contained lesbian golden shower pictures and video clips.

Whatever fears she had that there was nothing on the drive that she could use had been completely allayed. What she didn't know was how she was going to use it. Her immediate thought was blackmail. On further reflection, however, she had to rule out that option. There was nothing on the drive that tied it to Mr. Marcus. If he denied that it belonged to him it would be the word of a respected teacher against that of a student desperate to pass his class. There was no way she was winning that one.

As hard as she tried to think of other options, only one came to her: she would have to seduce him using his love of piss. "Well," she thought to herself, "I did say that I would do anything to pass his class. But fuck, why does his kink have to be piss?"

It wasn't as if Phoebe was a stranger to kinky behavior. She was fully prepared to make good on her offers to Mr. Marcus, as she had, indeed, tried each of the activities that she had suggested. She hadn't, however, ever thought of watersports and golden showers. She really didn't see an alternative, though, and resolved to prepare herself to try to seduce her teacher.

Now she stood there in front of the mirror two days later in her bra and panties trying to pee. It wasn't because she didn't need to, she had spent the last couple of hours drinking copious amounts of water, and her bladder was practically bursting. Still, her nervousness, the fact that she was watching herself, and the idea that she was about to pee her panties combined to cause her bladder to suddenly become shy. She knew, however, that she was going to have to overcome this problem, as trying to seduce the piss loving Mr. Marcus wasn't going to work if she couldn't even bring herself to piss.

She closed her eyes and tried to relax. Nothing happened. With her eyes still closed, she pictured herself sitting on the toilet, panties around her ankles, and peeing. This finally worked as she began to feel a trickle escaping into her panties.

She opened her eyes and looked at herself in the mirror. A wet spot was forming on the front of her panties, and less than a second later a stream of urine was falling from her panties to the carpeted floor. She had been researching this fetish for the past two days, but now, looking at herself in the mirror, she understood the attraction to it for the first time. She had to admit that she looked hot, and couldn't see how Mr. Marcus would be able to resist her.

While most of her urine was poring down straight from her panties onto the carpet, some of it started to run down her right leg. She was surprised at how good it felt. Somewhat reluctantly she reached her hand down and placed it over her panties. This caused her piss to run out of each side of her hand and down each leg. The feeling of her hot piss soaking her hand and her legs felt amazing good. She started to rub her pussy through her panties, causing her piss to start splashing around. She continued to rub her pussy, even after she had finished pissing, until she had an explosive orgasm.

As she came off of her orgasm Phoebe was shocked. She hadn't expected to enjoy any part of this, but she had found wetting her panties to be hot, and she found the site of herself in the mirror standing in her wet panties to be very sexy. Still, she didn't know if pissing herself in front of Mr. Marcus would be enough, she might have to go further. With that in mind she moved her piss covered hand up to her mouth and reluctantly took a lick.

Besides needing it to fill her bladder so that she would need to take a piss, there was another reason that she had consumed so much water: she had read that drinking water helped dilute the urine, causing it to taste much less strong. Now she was going have to test that theory.

The info that she had read proved to be right. The taste was only slightly salty, and mostly tasted like water. Remembering that Mr. Marcus constantly had a bottle of water that he drank during his lectures, which he famously refilled at the water fountain between classes, she knew that if he did want her to drink his piss, she would be able to handle it.

She came to school prepared the next day. It was the end of the school year, and the teachers had already collected all of the text books, so she had a lot of free room in her backpack. She placed an extra change of clothes in there, which would allow her to get soaked without consequence.

Time seemed to go slowly during each period, as Phoebe tried to psyche herself up for the task that awaited her at the end of the day. She knew that she was going to be able to go through with it, she had to for her scholarship. She was just hoping that it wouldn't go too badly.

Finally the final bell rang, and she made her way to Mr. Marcus's room. She knew that he wouldn't suspect anything, as she had returned the flash drive to his class the morning after swiping it. Now she entered that same room, locking the door behind her.

Mr. Marcus heard someone enter the room, then, to his surprise, heard the door close and the click of the lock. He looked up to see Phoebe entering the room.

Harold Marcus prided himself on his professional ethics, and had no doubt that Phoebe was again going to try to get him to abandon those ethics and change her grade. There was no way that he was going to let her succeed. He stood and said, forcibly, "Phoebe, you need to open that door and leave, now! I know what you are trying to do, and it's not going to work!"

"I don't know about that," Phoebe replied. "I think that I have a much better argument this time."

"I highly doubt that!" an infuriated Harold responded.

"Just watch. I think you'll like it."

Phoebe stood on top of the pad in her light colored, skin tight blue jeans and relaxed, To her relief she began to pee immediately.

The look on Harold's face went from anger to shock and surprise as he saw the wet patch begin to form in the crotch of her jeans, and then to desire as he saw streaks running down her pant legs.

Phoebe had to admit that she was enjoying this. Wetting her jeans felt even better than wetting her panties, as the jeans retained much of her piss. It also felt so naughty standing in front of another person, a teacher no less, wetting herself. She was also loving the look of lust that she was receiving from Mr. Marcus, and couldn't help noticing the growing bulge in his pants. As much as she was enjoying herself she decided to cut her pee short; she was sure that there were more games that Mr. Marcus would want to play. She looked at him with a smile on her face and asked, "What would you like to do next? I'm already wet, maybe you should make me wetter. Or would you prefer to clean me up?"

Harold stood there deeply conflicted. The thought of abandoning his professional ethics was painful to him. On the other hand he had known of his attraction to pee for almost as long as he could remember, but had always figured that he was doomed to enjoy it alone. Now here was an incredibly beautiful girl who had just wet her jeans in front of him, and was offering to engage in golden showers with him. It was an opportunity that he thought he would never, ever have.

Phoebe saw him hesitate, and immediately became concerned. She had seen how much Mr. Marcus enjoyed watersports, the thumb drive had been full of countless clips and pictures, and the look on his face and tent in his pants confirmed that he enjoyed the show. This was the only way that she was going to be able to keep her scholarship, she wasn't about to let it slip away. She grabbed him by the belt and pulled him toward her. "You know, I don't think that I'm quite wet enough. How about helping me out?" She then unzipped his pants, reached in, and pulled out his dick.

Harold knew that it was wrong, but did nothing to stop her. He looked as she knelt in front of him, held his dick, looked up and him, and said "Please, shower me!"

Harold decided not to resist and relaxed his bladder. He watched as a strong jet of piss shot out from his dick and soaked her shirt. The wet shirt started to cling to her skin, accentuating her tits. He looked as her hard nipples poked through the wet shirt, and found it hot as she rubbed his piss over her body.

She then aimed his stream at her mouth, looked up at his eyes, and smiled as his piss streamed into her mouth and overflowed out of the side. He had never seen anything so hot and sexy. As his stream weakened she allowed it to fill her mouth, and then drank it down.

Phoebe wouldn't have previously believed it, but Mr. Marcus wasn't the only one who was turned on. His hot stream soaking her clothes and warming her tits, and the naughtiness of taking his stream in her mouth and then drinking it, was, she decided, the sexiest thing she had ever done.

Harold had never wanted anyone more. He reached down and pulled her up, then held her tightly and gave her a long, passionate kiss. He loved the softness of her lips, the feel of her tongue, and the taste of her piss. After he finally broke off the kiss Phoebe said, "Mr. Marcus, take off your clothes. You're getting them wet, and their likely to get wetter."

Harold looked down and could see the wet spots from where he had pressed her body against his. He quickly took off his clothes, then started to pull off her shirt. He looked at her beautiful young, firm breasts, glistening with his piss, and leaned down and started to lick and suck them. He ran his tongue over each one, and sucked hard on both of her nipples.

He then knelt in front of her and, with some effort, pulled down her wet jeans. He took a sniff of the panties that she had wet minutes before, enjoying the scent of her fresh pee. He pressed his lips up to her panties and started to such her pee out of them, before pulling them aside and licking her pussy.

Phoebe reached her hands to the back of his head and pulled him tighter, relishing the feeling of his tongue on her pussy and clit. She slowly started to release some of the contents of her bladder as he licked, knowing how much he would enjoy it, and was rewarded with him more furiously eating her pussy.

Harold loved to the sensation and taste of her trickly pee as he eagerly licked her pussy. He could hear Phoebe's soft moans as he continued to eat her, and it was obvious that she was trying to keep as quiet as she could so as to not attract outside attention. He felt her body tense, then shudder, and finally shake as she entered an orgasm.

Phoebe was battling the urge to scream as she entered the orgasm, and held onto Mr. Marcus's head for support. She was breathing heavily as she finished cumming, and motioned for the teacher to stand up. When he did so she collapsed in his arms and kissed him, enjoying the taste of all of her fluids on his lips.

Quickly regaining her strength, she pushed Mr. Marcus to his chair, straddled him, and guided his rock hard cock into her wet pussy, her panties still pulled to the side. She moved up and down, allowing his dick to slide in and out, and he grabbed her by hips and helped her quicken the pace. Phoebe had fantasized about being in this position only a few days before, though she hadn't expected to be soaked with piss at the time. The reality was even better than the fantasy, as she loved the way that Mr. Marcus's thick cock felt as it slammed in and out of her. She started to moan again, and this time he helped her keep quiet by kissing her as they fucked.

It wasn't long before she exploded into a second orgasm, her body tensing, then shaking, as she lost control again. Harold slowed down his pace as she came, and was close to losing control himself.

When her orgasm finally subsided, Phoebe had one last surprise left. Still riding his dick, she released the last of her pee. Harold felt the warm liquid spraying against him, and immediately lost control, pumping his semen into his student's pussy.

###

The pair sat on the chair, exhausted, Harold holding Phoebe as she rested on his lap.

"Well, you obviously earned your 'A'," he told her. "Congratulations. But the watersports, how did you know?"

Phoebe gave him an enthusiastic kiss for the grade, then replied sheepishly, "I swiped your thumb drive the other day after talking to you." Seeing his confused look she said, "I borrowed the keys from the janitor, and then returned it the next morning. I hope that you're not mad at me, Mr. Marcus."

He chuckled. "I've never been able to indulge this fetish before, it's always been just a fantasy for me. Now at least I've been able to do it once, and with a beautiful girl. So no, I'm not mad. Oh, and after all of this, please call me Harold."

"Once? What do mean once? Don't you ever want to do this again?"

Harold was shocked. "Of course I want to do this again, but I figured you were only doing it for grade."

"Yeah, that was my initial motivation, but holy fuck this was hot! That was the most amazing sexual experience of my life! I'll be coming home from USC during Thanksgiving, Christmas, spring break, and the summer. If you don't mind, I can promise some wet times during my visits."

A huge smile appeared on Harold's face. "Mind? Are you crazy! I'll mark the days on my calendar!" He paused as Phoebe giggled, then added, "By the way, do you think that you can sweet talk your janitor friend into letting you borrow a mop?"

