Fun after work (part 2)

9th March 2013, 12:06 PM

Author: lickitup

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 91

This is part 2 of the fantasy about Claire and me after the pitch we had to do for the company.

Part 1 can be found here: - $t=54590

We had both been back to our hotel rooms now and showered and get dressed into our evening wear. We were going to go out for a meal to celebrate the pitch which we had done earlier. I'd rung Dave and told him what time we were meeting at the bar, so we all met up at down at the bar.

I was first down there closely followed by Dave. We were both dressed smart but casual, both wearing nice jeans and shirts. I had on my new CK briefs underneath my jeans and was ready to party the night away. I was not sure how the evening was going to pan out now after what had happened just about 1 hour ago with Claire and me. I ordered a couple of beers for me and Dave, and while I was at the bar, Claire came in. I heard Dave say «hello» to here. I turned round to see an absolute vision. I think me jaw must have hit the floor when I saw Claire. She was wearing a short fitted red dress, bear legs, and black knee high healed boots. Her hair and make-up was perfect. She had made her eyes very dark and she had ruby red lips to match her dress. I have to admit that I felt my cock stir almost instantly. With my new CK briefs on, I could feel my cock start to extend down my leg and felt sure that if anyone look at my jeans they would see it clear as day.

I asked her what she wanted to drink, and she replied in a very professional voice, as though nothing had happened a all earlier, «I'm actually quite thirsty, can I have a bottle of biter lemon first and a beer to follow please?»

«Sure thing» I replied. I got the drink and passed them over. Dave took a phone call on his mobile as Claire took the bottle of bitter lemon and raised it to her lips. As she started to drink it, she made eye contact with me and did a very slow seductive wink at me. Wow, now that turned me on even more. I smiled back at her, and when she had finished her drink she leaned over and got quite close to me and almost whispered in my ear, «Just need to make sure that I get nice and desperate for a bit later». She smiled at me and lent back away from me. She finished her bitter lemon and started on her beer. Dave finished on his call, and we were soon ready to head out for something to eat.

«I know a very nice restaurant just round the corner» Dave said, so we followed him out. Claire was behind me as we went through the door into the street. As we went though she game my ass a little squeeze. I turned round and she just smiled at me with a very cheeky smile. I smiled back and said «naughty» in a quite voice.

We got to the restaurant and took our seats. We had a good choice of where to sit because it was still quite early. We went for a round bench seat in an alcove. Dave ordered some wine, and we all ordered out meals. We all chatted about the pitch and other small talk while we ate and drank. Dave's phone rang again and he went outside to take the call. While he was gone, Claire leaner over to me and whispered in my ear, «I'm bursting to pee, I think I've over done the amount of liquid I've drunk.»

«Well go to the loo and pee» I said.

«Oh but that's so boring to just pee in the loo» she said.

«Well what did you have in mind?» I asked. She smiled at me. «Want to drink some of my piss right now, here is the restaurant?» I smiled and said «Sure why now, but how and we going to do that?»

«hang on a second» Claire replied. She pulled under the table a little more and shuffled her dress up, I had a perfect view at her lap, but no one else could see anything, She had red lacy panties on. She lifted her ass a little and pulled her panties down to her ankles.

«Now pass me your glass please» she requested. I did as she asked. She got near the edge of the seat , and put the glass to her pussy. Almost at once, she started to piss into the glass. I could hear the hiss as she did so. She about half filled it, then brought the glass back and put it on the table. Then she took her glass and did the same. After putting her glass back on the table, she pulled her knickers back up, and smother her dress back down.

«There now, fill the glass's up to the top with water and lets drink my piss together. I did as she asked, and we both raised our glasses and said cheers, then drank the piss and water down.

«wow you are as naughty as me» Claire said. «I think we are going to have a very exciting evening».

Dave returned and we carried on as though nothing had happened.

After the meal had finished, Dave said that he had an early start tomorrow and made his excuses and left wishing up a nice evening.

«OK, so where shall we go now?» I asked Claire.

«Well as it happens I have a couple of friends who live near by and I was going to meet up with later for a drink and catch up. Do you fancy joining us?» she added with a cute smile.

«Sure, why not» I replied.

«I'll ring them now and tell them where to meet us», said Claire. I overheard some of her call, and heard her say things like, «You don't mind if I bring a friend do you, yeah he's a very good laugh», and «yeah wear that, that would look very nice».

«OK, they will meet us back at the hotel. They are going to go to the off-license to get some drinks and nibbles, then we can go up to the hotel room and have a drink there.»Claire said.

«OK, that's cool» I said. And we headed back to the hotel.

We got back to the hotel and meet up with Claire friends.

«This is Jen, and Samantha» Claire said introducing me to them. Oh boy they were both hot babes.

Jen was quite tall, almost as tall as me, and Sam was about the same height as Claire. Jen was wearing a nice little back dress and black heals. She had very nice large breasts, and long straight blonde hair. Sam was wearing skinny jeans and blue heals, and a tight blue top. Her hair was shorted and dark brown.

«Shall we go up to the room?» Clare said. We all agreed and Claire led the way.

We went into the room and sat down. There were 2 chairs which I sat on 1 of them, and Sam sat on the other one. Jen sat on the bed, and Claire opened the bag that they had brought and took out 2 large bottles of coke and a bottle of vodka.

«Drinks?» Claire asked.

«I though you'd never ask» replied Jen. So Claire pored out the drink for us all and passed them round. Claire, Jen and Sam stated chatting about stuff and I just sat there feeling a bit left out at first. I noticed that Sam who was sitting next to me was beginning to cross and uncross her legs a bit and shuffle in her seat. When I became aware of it, I also noticed that Jen and Claire were also doing the same.

«Oh this vodka and coke goes right through me» Sam said. «Year me too» said Jen. «We've never been able to hold it as long as you Claire have we.» said Sam laughing.

«Well if you are feeling that way, shall we have a little fun with it?» asked Claire with a growing smile. I suddenly became very alert.

«What do you think?» Claire asked me.

«Well you know me Claire, I'm always up for some fun.» I replied. My cock was growing again very quickly and pressing against my jeans.

«I know that already, « said Claire.

«Oh have you been naughty already Claire?» asked Jen.

«That would be telling wouldn't it» replied Claire.

«Can you get me another drink please» asked Claire. So I stood up and went over to get the glasses.

«Oh somebodies excited» said Jen looking at my crouch. My cock was trying to escape.

Jen looked up at me with puppy eyes and asked «Can I have a little feel to see how hard your cock is please?»

«Go ahead», I replied. She raised her hard and gently stroked my cock through my jeans.

«Wow» she exclaimed, you are very hard.

Claire said, «right then girls, if he is this hard, and we all need to piss. Do you think it;s time for a game?»

«Oh yeah.» replied Jen and Sam almost together.

«Russian roulette?» asked Claire.

«Sounds interesting» I said,

«OK, here are the rules.» Said Claire. «We all get on our knees down here by the side of the bed, with our hands behind our backs. You have to get your cock out. I'll go first. I have got 10 seconds to suck your cock, if you cum, then I get to piss. If I don't then I have to take a drink of vodka and code, and you move onto the next in line. They have 10 seconds to see if they can make you cum, and so on.»

«Sounds like fun» I said. So Claire, Jen and Sam knelt down on the floor by the side of the bed still fully dressed, and I got my cock out. I went and stood in front of Claire with my cock rock hard now. She looked up and me and opened her mouth. I moved closer so that my cock went into her mouth. The other 2 girls counted down from 10 to 0 as she sucked my cock hard. The feeling were out of this world, but I was determined to make this last as long as possible. When Jen and Sam got to zero, I pulled my cock away from Claire. «You didn't make me cum, so now you have to take a drink» I said. Claire took a drink, and relaxed back down.

Then I moved in front of Jen. She liked her lips and opened her mouth for me. I eased my cock in and Claire and Sam started to count down. Got she could give good head. I was not sure if I was going to be able to hold back, but I managed it. They got to zero and I pulled out. My cock looked wet wet with saliva. Jen took a drink as she had to. Next I moved over to Sam. «Please cum for me, because I'm so desperate to piss now. I really need to piss for you, I'm not sure how long I can hold on for». I moved my cock into Sam's mouth, and she began to suck so hard. Zero arrived and I pulled out. «Oh no, I really need to piss» said Sam, but she took a drink as she had to.

I moved back over to Clare and stood in front of her. «So tell me how desperate you are Claire?» I asked.

«I'm SO desperate now, I really have to piss, and I want to piss in my dress and soak down my legs for you, so please cum for me,» said Claire. I eased forward and put my cock in her mouth, she bean to such as hard as she could. I have to admit that I almost came that time, but zero arrived and I pulled out. She had her drink, and I moved over to Jen.

«Please cum,» Jen pleased. «I have to pee so bad, my bladder is bursting. If you cum for me, then I'll get on all fours over your face, pull my ass hole apart so you can see, and piss in your mouth. Would you like that?». I have to admit that I was getting very turned on, and was very close to cuming so I knew that I would have to do my best to hold back. I also knew that I had to pee quite bad now too, but there was no chance with me wanting to cum so much.

I move my cock into Jen's mouth and she stared to suck like a woman possessed. 10, 9, 8 , 7, I started to feel the those feelings that I was about to cum. 6,5,4, oh god I was only just hanging on,3,2 I couldn't hold back any more, and Claire and Sam said «1», I felt the serge of cum rushing up my cock, and I started to spurt my cum in Jen's mouth.I pulled my cock just out of her mouth and let my cum spurt over her tongue and let some of it spurt over her face. Oh god it felt so good to cum over her knowing how desperate she was to pee.

«Oh fuck yes.» cried Jen. «I'm so desperate to piss, get on your back quickly». She said to me. I laid on my back and she stood, lifted her dress up. She had no panties on at all. She straddled me facing my feet, and lowered herself down onto her knees with her ass right over my face. She put her hands on her ass cheeks and pulled her ass apart for I had a perfect view of her ass hole. Then I saw her pussy twitching and the first drops of piss started to come out. All of a sudden there was a massive torrent of piss splashing down on my face. I opened my mouth to catch as much as I could. This was so hot looking up at her ass and pussy while she rained down on me. My shirt was soaked with her piss that splashed off me. As her flow subsided, she lowered her pussy onto my mouth and I began to lick it. The taste of piss was out of this world, and before long she began to quiver and moan loudly as she came right on my mount.

«Oh fuck yeah, I'm gonna cum» she shouted. I could feel her pussy all squelchy on my mouth, and then she came so hard that she lost control and fell onto of me while she was cuming.

As her orgasm subsided she moved off me, and we both looked up to see Claire and Sam kissing and rubbing each other breasts.

«Are you to going to piss for us to watch now?» I asked.

Claire stood up in front of Sam and lifted her dress up. She kept her panties where they were and moved over to Sam's waiting mouth and started to piss all over her. The piss flooded out of her panties and ran down Sam's top over her breasts. I could see Sam taking the piss into her mouth and swallowing it down as Claire flooded over her. Her panties were soaked. Claire pulled then to one side and Sam put her tongue out to taste the flow and tease her pussy. As her piss began to fade Claire began to cum, and Sam licked her pussy harder and faster. Claire was screaming as she same on Sam's tongue. Then Sam stood up and opened her legs, and started to piss in her jeans. The patch grew big very quickly and started to run down her legs. Jen went and sat in front of her and put her hand over her pissing pussy in her jeans, and rubbed hard. Sam began to moan. And very quickly began to cum in her jeans while she was pissing. Her jeans were soaked with a lot of piss and cum too.

We all collapsed in a heap on the floor laughing.

«Fuck me, I've never played a game like that before» I said.

«It was fun wasn't it» replied Claire.

«Shall we play some more after we have filled up again?» Jen asked.

###

But you are going to have to wait for the next part to see what the next game is.

If you have any comments of suggestions for other stories, then please PM me.

