Donna, Kirsty and Claire's big night out PART 2

12th October 2010, 06:10 AM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

Donna, Kirsty and Claire's big night out PART 2

The three girls walked out of the car park, two of them relieved and in good humour, with Claire dragging along behind them - not relieved. She really hadn't wanted to go in the car park but was feeling weighed down by all the booze she'd consumed and she was increasingly concerned at the pressure her pretty belt was exerting on her belly. The streets were full of fellow clubbers and partiers, milling about, trying to get cabs and get home in various states of drunkeness. As the girls stood at the bus stop, Claire lit a cigarette and tried to look less desperate than she was, casually folding her legs while gripping her intimate muscles tightly from inside - she hoped no one could tell. Donna leaned over from her animated conversation with Kirsty and said "Don't worry, the bus'll only be five minutes" - 'Damn, they can tell I'm desperate', thought Claire as she nodded and smiled.

As the three got talking again Claire looked up and down the street, she could see tell-tale trails of urine running out of dark doorways. Of course it was mainly men she saw leaving the doorways but she did see one girl in the distance, the view of whom was poorly obscured by two other girls holding their jackets in front of her. Anyone could clearly see the girl had dress hitched up and tights pulled down. This sight made Claire feel like she had to go more urgently, she was just about to say something to her friends when the bus pulled up and they got on.

"Are you still busting for a wee Babes? You're very quiet, that's not like you" said Kirsty, as they sat down on the back row of the bus. "I'm not too bad now we're sat on the nice warm bus - it's just horrible holding it when it's cold isn't it" said Claire, "I should be alright, I know there's loos at the station" she added more cheerfully. "You should have gone when you had the chance" whispered Donna with a wicked grin. While every bump in the road tested Claire she felt better to be in the warm and sitting down, it was easier to cross her legs here as well.

The station platform was rowdy and populated by the same crowd they had observed earlier Donna and Kirsty waited for the train, while Claire ran off in the direction of the public loos at the end of the platform. She cursed her high heels as they prevented her from moving with any of her usual speed and grace, the white wine and the vodka shots didn't help much either. As Claire turned the corner to enter the ladies she was shocked to see a man, obviously very worse for wear, leaning against the wall, pissing against the door. "Sorry Love, don't mind me - they will lock these bloody things at night, fucking Thameslink". Claire was really annoyed at this news and had to take a deep breath to prevent wetting herself.

"They're FUCKING locked!" snapped Claire as she returned to her friends "AND there's a MAN pissing against the door of the ladies". At this, Donna and Kirsty fell into a fit of giggles, in the way only drunk women can. "It's not funny guys, there is literally NOWHERE to have a civilized piss in this town!". Donna giggled a bit more, adding sympathetically "Oh poor you, it's okay the train will be here in a minute". "Maybe you should get revenge and piss against the door of the gents, it's dark there", "I bloody would the way I'm feeling right now" said Claire folding her arms and crossing her legs, "just don't want to be caught with my knickers down when the train comes" she added.

The train came and they got on heading straight for the first class carriages. Previous experience had taught Donna and Kirsty that this was the best way to avoid the advances of repulsive pissed up stag parties. "Right lets find you a loo on here" said Donna as the train pulled away, "I need to go again now", "Already?" asked Claire - "Yep, I've broken the seal now, when you've had babies come back and tell me if you've still got a bladder of steel". Claire found this talk rather vulgar, but smiled and took Donna's hand and venturing out to find the loo leaving Kirsty alone.

They walked up one carriage and looked into the main compartment. It was chaos, people were fighting and screaming at each other. Donna and Claire did not know what had sparked off the fight but could see it was not something they wanted to walk into. "But I'm dying for a weeee!!" whined Claire, "Don't worry, there's another toilet at the other end of the train, come on.." replied Donna, almost dragging Claire by the wrist. When the girls got to the toilet at the other end they were confronted by the obvious, very loud noises of a couple having sex in there. Donna banged on the door "Come on!! I don't care what you do, but there's people desperate for a piss out here!!!"

"Yeah" added Claire, in a more unsure voice.

"FUCK OFF YOU CUNTS!!!" came the reply, in a loud, screeching, very rough female voice.

"Selfish fuckers" muttered Donna, as they returned to their first class carriage to reunite with Kirsty. They told Kirsty what had happened and decided to wait out the fifteen minute journey. "We can all go together at Marcham station" suggested Kirsty "I don't know if the loos will be open though". "I honestly don't care anymore, I've never been so desperate in my life, an alley will do, just don't mention it to Gary" whined Claire. "Don't worry babes" said Donna soothingly, "We don't tell other halves about stuff like this - it's part of the girls night out rules". Claire settled back in her seat and smiled knowing that relief was on the way and feeling that she could trust her new friends.

Then, it happened. The train ground to a halt and thirty seconds later a voice came out of the speakers "We seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties, we apologise for any inconvenience caused and aim to be moving again as soon as possible".

They had waited, complaining, for seven minutes when Donna stood up suddenly "Look I'm sorry guys, I'm just going to have to piss or I'll piss myself, look away if it bothers you and tell me if anyone's coming". A big guilty lump welled up in Claire's throat as she watched her boss step over to the seats opposite and sit down, while she was very shocked at what was happening she found she couldn't resist peeking.

Donna pressed her back against the seat and hitched her dress out of the way, it was as if she was sitting down but was lifting her bum a couple of inches off the seat, she then eased her red thong down...just enough.. - "Stop looking at me and keep a lookout for fucks sake girls" Donna barked at Claire and Kirsty, she felt self conscious exposing her pussy in a well lit train carriage but she also knew she had a low tolerance for holding it. "Look, I know what you probably think of me right now but I'm not going to get a bladder infection just 'cos Thameslink can't sort out their bloody toilets" - "It's okay" smiled Kirsty peeering out into the train hallway "Go for it".

Donna pissed into the seat cushion and pissed forcefully , Claire gulped not knowing what to think as both her and Kirsty chuckled at the loud hissing noise emanating from their friend. Donna looked down at her work and was starting to feel good again, the train seat was absorbing everything she had to offer and the splashback was minimal, even from her thick forceful stream. After about twenty five seconds Claire and Kirsty looked back in disbelief and rolled eyes at each other - Donna was still pissing away on the seat and had started playing with her Iphone at the same time, in truth she was only doing this to try and take her mind off the awkwardness of the situation.

Eventually, Donna's strong stream slowed to a trickle, she grabbed one of the white head rest napkins and wiped herself, she then dropped it ceremoniously on top of the large dark wet spot she had created on the blue cushioned seat. "That's better" sighed Donna, slumping back down in the nice dry seat opposite her crime.

All three girls started giggling and joking about what had occured and Claire almost forgot how desperate she was. The train was still not moving when Claire noticed she could feel a wet patch, about the size of a postage stamp in the gusset of her baby pink thong. She bit her bottom lip and crossed her legs tighter but she knew there was nothing for it, all night she had been witnessing other people's relief and the time had come that she could wait no more.

"Guys", said Claire in a timid, murine voice "I'm gonna have to wee here like you did Donna, I can't wait". "That's okay" said Donna, now grateful she would not be 'the only one'. "We'll keep lookout for you Babes!".

Claire did not even know how to go about what she knew she was about to do so decided to let instinct take over. She was seated in the corner and slid off the edge of her chair bending her knees as she brought her buttocks in contact with her heels, she then undid her belt and unbuttoned the fly of her tight jeans, only to find that she couldn't pull them down in this position. She glanced up to check her friends weren't looking, luckily they weren't so she assumed a high squat to quickly pull her clothing two thirds of the way down her smooth thighs - it was at this moment the other girls took a quick curiosity peek at her bare young pussy as Claire bounced back down, squatting on her heels.

Claire had assumed she'd find it easier to let go on the floor than to pee on one of the seats but despite all her prior desperation she found her body tense and frozen with fear. There was silence in the carriage as all three girls awaited the sound of hot piss hitting carpet, but it didn't come. Claire bit her bottom lip, this felt un-natural to her, she had only wee'd outside twice before and both times it was a countryside location, she felt exposed and under pressure and above all, like a vandal. She could also smell herself from this close, feeling self conscious about her femenine scent, which Gary loved so much.

A couple of moments passed and after a couple of "Hurry ups" Donna and Kirsty started talking about other things and arguing playfully about whether or not to light a cigarette. This distraction gave Claire a moment to relax and she felt a warm trickle run out onto the carpet. She shut her eyes for a moment and then the floodgates opened. 'It's now or never' thought Claire to herself. As her piss splattered on the carpet she gave a sigh of relief.

Her stream as not as neat as the other girls' as there was so much pressurte behind it so her shoes got a splattering - at this point she really no longer cared - the pleasure of the relief took Claire away from the situation in her mind. She pissed for about thirty seconds, but there was no letting up. Her piss was hissing loudly as the thin carpet became completely soaked and her puddle started to spread. The two other girls could hear her breathing heavily as she continued to void her bladder with a blissful smile on her face. Claire could feel her clit throbbing slightly from the adrenaline rush of doing something risky, she had felt this effect before from shoplifting when she was younger but would never reveal such a private fact and didn't really understand herself, why being bad sometimes felt so good.

"Bloody hell Claire"

"You really DID have to go" said Donna and Kirsty in awe.

Claire sat her bare bum on the edge of one of the seats and pulled her thong and jeans up in one motion. Apart from the slightly damp patch in the gusset of her thong, Claire felt better than ever. "Lets leave this carriage, it stinks of piss in here" joked Donna as the train started moving again.

When the girls reached their destination they were walking down the ramp the led to the exit when Kirsty spoke up "Hold on guys, wee stop, we can't all vandalise train carriages" and with that she tugged her tight jeans down uninhibitedly, followed by her black thong. She adopted a high squat and started noisily pissing onto the ground, giggling. Her stream initially splattered, but then started neatly flowing down the walkway they were standing on. Before long she had finished and slid her clothing back up her slender body.

"Well I think we've had a good night tonight, and remember: what happens on a girls night out stays on a girls night out" - All three girls laughingly agreed.

