Helen at Work

24th February 2012, 11:31 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

A fantasy piece inspired by some recent naughty thoughts:

Helen curtsied at the white board and continued drawing her flowchart.

"Sorry! I just really have to use the bathroom right now."

What do you say to such an admission?

It was late, we were probably alone in the office.

She was drawing furiously, leaning slightly into the whiteboard now.

I stared intently at her tight ass draped beneath a stretchy pair of dark slacks, and at the slight gap between her thighs ... imagining what was going on down there. The urgency, the denials.

She stopped drawing and quickly lifted one leg, crossing them briefly.

"Sorry! I really *really* need the toilet."

"Look. Let's call it a night. We can do this tomorrow." It was late.

"Don't stop on my account." She turned to look at me. "I can wait if you want to finish."

What I wanted was to get up and hold her against me while she controlled her bladder.

To run my hands under her tight blouse and down her back, under her panties and between her legs. To caress the bulge in her belly, feel her damp softness as she squirmed.

My eyes may have betrayed me, but this was business and I said "It's late. Tomorrow."

"Okay. Tomorrow." I had expected her to rush to the toilet, but she carefully cleaned the whiteboard and gathered her things while I dallied finishing up my notes and surreptitiously glancing at her obvious urgency. My heart was pounding, vicariously feeling her struggle to maintain control over her bladder and her dignity.

We left the room together, walking back toward my office. When we reached the door, I couldn't resist. "I thought you needed to go?"

"I do." She turned a little red and looked away.

"Sure. Anyway. Tomorrow." I regretfully entered my office to finish up a few e-mails, stopping briefly to admire her somewhat ginger walk down the aisle of cubes toward the restrooms.

I turned to the glowing computer screen, the reports, with a pounding heart, straining to hear any sounds from the toilets down the hall. Imagining her breaking into a run, grabbing herself once she was out of my sight, ripping down those slacks, those panties, a tide of pent up urine noisily hissing into the toilets.

The reports, the random e-mailing, took another hour or so. It *was* late. I packed up and walked toward the exit, feeling the pleasantly urgent pressure of my own afternoon of coffee in my belly, and glancing into the cubes as I left. I don't know exactly what I wanted to see - maybe her papers tossed hurriedly into her cube as she rushed to relieve herself? Maybe her chair, where her perfect bottom lay all day, saving up the pee that had so recently forced its will upon her?

I did not expect it - she was still there, in her cube, sitting on her bare heel, rocking back and forth, breathing hard, her face red with effort. She gasped when I peered in.

"Sorry!" I was mesmerized.

"Sorry - I didn't know you were ... " We spoke over each other.

"... still here?" I stared at her, unable to stop squirming, hard nipples poking through a thin white blouse. Her bra had fallen slightly, the waistband of her slacks was unbuttoned, and her hair had turned into a bit of a mess.

She stared back - between my legs, where it was becoming obvious that I was not simply shocked. "You..."

"You didn't go after the meeting?" My heart was somewhere in my throat.

"I thought ... I said I could wait?" She didn't seem very convincing.

"You like it." I accused.

"You like it too." She looked pointedly between my legs. "You haven't gone all evening. I watched."

"That may be true, but I'm not the one about to wet her panties

." She was grinding into her heel all this time, her back arched and her breasts thrust out - sexy.

"I'm not gonna." Helen moved to get up, thought better of it, and then lifted herself off the chair, running in place for a moment before the loud hissing betrayed her and a wet stain ballooned into the dark fabric. "Oh no!" She looked around frantically, having momentarily forced herself to stop.

I looked around too and grabbed the metal trashcan from under her desk. "Here!"

She hesitated only a moment, then ripped her slacks and dripping panties down around her knees and squatted over the can, her face dangerously close to my belt. The loud hiss and clatter of pee hitting metal was all I could hear, and it was all I could do not to put my hand in the stream issuing urgently from the moist space between those now-exposed ivory thighs.

I had to touch her. I touched her arm, and felt goosebumps.

She turned to look at me, noticing my erection pulsing under by trousers - barely under my control.

Helen reached out to touch it. "Okay. You got to see me wet myself. Now. Now, I get to see you."

"I do have to pee, but..." I gestured at my erect member.

"Oh, not just yet. You're not near desperate enough ... yet."

To be continued...

