The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Five

11th January 2008, 10:39 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): On the day of her arrival at the house of LaRoche, Anna has made three new friends of her own sex, and the four amused themselves more thoroughly than would be allowed anywhere else in the known world.

###

Anna looked up at the blue sky as she lay upon the grass. Only recently, she had been living in her father's one-room labourer's shack in Gwint with her parents and seven siblings, her body hidden and her questions stifled by her parents and the Church, her only future work and, eventually, marriage. Now, after three weeks -- it seemed like much longer, but also much shorter -- she had become so used to the House of LaRoche that she could hardly recall her home.

She lay upon the grass, naked as the Gods had made her, thinking only of the pleasant, wet excitement at the juncture of her thighs and the sharper sensation of fullness located slightly above, and of how these might best be satisfied today. Her skin, which her parents had insisted she keep as pale as was possible for a labourer's child, in poor imitation of the Earl of Gwint's light-starved daughters, was now tanned as deeply as a sailor's over the whole of her anatomy; a painful case of sunburn had, for several days, prevented her from enjoying herself, but now the dark shade of her skin was painless, one more deviation from the rules she had known at home.

A young boy and girl, neither more than six years of age, raced past Anna, amusing themselves as children do everywhere by aping their elders; ineptly, for when the boy presently caught hold of the girl, he but kissed her upon the face before they parted, giggling, and she, spreading her legs slightly, emptied her bladder upon the grass. Anna considered doing the same, but the pressure within her was as yet but a dull ache, so she refrained. She had learnt that holding her water, while unnecessary in a place with no clothing and no privies, could be pleasant, and she did it whenever possible.

"Excuse me," said a voice, and Anna looked up to see an unfamiliar man standing over her. "Do you mind if I sit beside you for a time?" Anna nodded her assent, knowing full well what was coming, and the man seated himself cross-legged by her head, facing her. His face, aside from the extensive nose, was not unpleasant to look upon, having a neatly-trimmed brown beard and moustache surrounding his mouth. His limbs were thick and had thin, black hair over much of his body; and that marvellous machine which men keep with them at all times was large and shot stiffly from a mass of thicker fur. "I could not help but notice thy exceptional beauty as I passed," said he, getting to the point more quickly than some of the men she had met. "My name is James," he added, extending a hand.

"Anna," she replied, reaching up to grasp his hand in an awkward, wrong-way-up handshake. With no skirts to lift, she, like the other women here, had been forced to learn this masculine greeting ritual. She rather liked James already, and thought that when he finally got round to the invitation she felt sure was coming, she would accept. He did not keep her waiting for long.

"I rather thought the two of us might -- forgive my bluntness -- enjoy a game of snake-in-the-hole together," he continued, "if so small a snake as my own would not spoil the sport for you entirely. I assure you that his miniscule size is more than made up for by various other attributes."

Anna smiled at his joke, for his "snake" was, if anything, an exceptionally large specimen. "A game is exactly what will enliven this otherwise dull afternoon," she declared. "Give me but a moment to prepare myself, and we can begin." And, relaxing her body, she set free a small, liquid arc, which fell upon the grass between her calves. James, upon seeing what it was that she did, gallantly looked away, waiting for her to finish; and thus he missed the small frown of continued disappointment upon the face of the girl who had been forced to "prepare herself" ever since her first meeting with Geoffery.

Geoffery had found her on her second day at the House, when she was talking with Janice, Fatima and Maria upon the lawn. He wanted the same thing that James did now, but it had taken him ten minutes of leading gossip, transparent to Anna even then, to get around to it; still encouraged by Fatima, Anna agreed. Unwilling, as yet, to lie with him completely in the open, she had made him come to the very edge of the trees that hid the house from the gate the, only entrance to the place; and, though being behind but one tree did not hide them from view, it made Anna feel safe enough to take her pleasure, an affectation that only made Geoffery laugh.

He lay down upon the meagre grass that existed upon that side of the tree and convinced her to impale herself upon that pleasant spike which pointed strongly upward from the base of his belly; which she was little loathe to do, recalling fondly the sensations which Jack's organ, similarly inserted, had produced. She lifted and lowered herself in small amounts, feeling the same sensations slowly rising, as that skewer within her grew, impossibly, larger. And then, when she felt certain that she would soon reach the summit of that rising crest of bliss, and thinking only to please herself and him, she relaxed and set loose that store of water she had been holding within her, so that it dribbled down his organ and over his belly.

Geoffery leapt up more quickly than she had imagined a man with a lady sat on top of him could, and yelled, "Tholmoth take thee, I had all but finished!" Anna, surprised, was thrown backward and landed upon a sharp rock which cut her upon her shoulder blade; and she lay, surprised, leaking both urine and blood upon the grass as Geoffery, cursing beneath his breath, marched off to cleanse himself of her excretion. Maria helped her to cleanse the wound upon her shoulder, and after, each had helped the other to finish using their fingers; but Geoffery had never spoken to Anna again, preferring to mutter darkly to anyone who was with him when Anna passed by. And since then, Anna had made certain to completely empty herself before amusing herself with anyone other than her three closest friends in the world.

James was much more attentive to her when she had finished irrigating the grass; after insisting that she move but a few feet away from her original location, he now tickled her face with his beard as he kissed her, their tongues performing a complicated and moist waltz within the combined cavern of their mouths. His hands, pleasantly warm and soft, felt her entire body with special emphasis upon her bosoms, causing the tips of these to stiffen with a pleasant tingling. Anna herself was not idle, being engaged in massaging her new friend's massive organ, with her right hand, making it grow even more massive; while her left combed through his hair, which she greatly enjoyed doing to her male friends for reasons that were not clear even to herself.

But, even these pleasant occupations failed to hold their interest for very long; and presently, he pressed her gently down until she lay upon the grass in much the same attitude as he had found her, then climbed astride her and stared, for a moment, downward into her eyes. His were green, she noted, like her own, but a darker shade. Without breaking his gaze, he felt about with his left hand in that area of her body whence the greatest pleasure could be transmitted to her; then, using that hand as a guide, lowered himself so that his great organ penetrated the aperture in the centre of her, stretching it with a gratifying fullness that she had come to know well but never to take for granted.

The men and the women were different, she had learnt. She still shared a bedchamber with Fatima, Janice and Maria -- after the first night, none of them had seriously entertained the idea that she might seek other lodging -- and almost every evening the four of them amused themselves together in a manner that Anna enjoyed thoroughly; but that did not mean that it could take the place of what she had with men. The two pastimes, though cantered upon very similar physical pleasures and sensations, could not be compared in Anna's mind, and she had come to depend upon both being easily available. But, while her female friends knew of her double tastes and accepted it -- Fatima actively encouraged her -- she had learnt quickly not to mention to her male partners that her best friends were any more than that.

Two weeks ago she had found herself seated at breakfast across from a very handsome fellow named Jaime -- no relation to her current swain, Jaime being a name peculiar to the northern country of Erishfallow -- who had asked her how many people she had lain with. Anna thought that this was none of his affair, but having the idea that he was working around to a proposition and being very pleased with his physique, she indulged him. The first names to leave her mouth, however, were those of Janice and Maria; whereat the man had gave her an odd look, apologized for taking an interest in that which was not his business, and finished his meal in silence. Fatima leaned close to Anna and said, "Thou ought not to mention thy enjoyment of female company if thou wishest to know a man better; he is sure to become jealous and ignore thee entirely," and Anna had taken this advice to heart.

Spreading her legs more widely apart, Anna pressed her heels to James' fundament, forcing him into her as deeply as was possible. Her own buttocks had been rubbing against the grass with a force that approached the painful; but if this continued, she did not notice it now, as all sensation not directly related to their rhythmic crushing-together of bodies was beneath her notice. They might be floating together several feet off the ground, their sweat mingling in air, the only sound their moans and gaspings for breath. His moustache tickled her nose, and for a moment she thought she would sneeze; but if she did, she knew it not, for in the same instant she finished, crying out and jerking with the thunder-clap of pleasure that she felt throughout her body.

If James knew what happened to her, he made no sign, but continued pounding his stake into her -- through her, perhaps -- and before the first thunder-clap subsided, another took her by surprise; her arms and legs twisted tight about him, spasmodically clutching him to her, while she tightened herself about the spear within her loins. She felt that spear twitch within her, and James exhaled suddenly upon her face just as he expelled what seemed a great quantity of pleasure-juice inside her cavern; three separate spewings, and upon the third Anna cried out again, and convulsed as yet a third time she finished, so strongly this time that she surrendered all comprehension of the world and gave herself up to the waves of pleasure.

When she came to herself -- a second or an hour or a century later she had no idea -- she discovered that James lay inertly atop her, his organ shrivelling and pulling itself, wormlike, from her burrow. A large part of his weight rested upon her breasts, and this caused her no small trouble when she attempted to breathe. Her buttocks, after the pounding they had endured upon the ground, were all of a dull ache, and she thought they might be bruised. Inhaling as much as she could, she attempted to sit up; but, meeting no success, was forced to surrender the air she had gained. She inhaled again, and this time managed to form the words, "James -- James, thou'rt crushing me!" Her voice could not have carried more than a few inches, but it was enough; for the man grunted and rolled onto his back upon the grass, freeing his captive, who had begun to fear for her safety.

"Thank you," she said, sitting up, "and thank you for an exceptionally pleasant 'game.'" He made no response, but Anna stood and walked away, mingled male and female secretions dripping from her body and making rivulets upon the insides of her thighs. A short distance away, she discovered Maria and Janice lying upon the grass together, each girl's fingers at work between the other's thighs. Maria caressed herself upon her large bosom, slowly displacing the leather pouch that hung between these small mountains, which rose and fell in time to her laboured breathing. Janice moaned, raising herself slightly from the ground in order to press more firmly against her Maria's hand. Not wishing to disturb her friends -- the Gods knew she hated to be interrupted when she was enjoying herself -- Anna sat down quietly beside them.

A black-haired woman passed by, and Anna hailed her. Clarissa stopped and look around; "Hullo, Anna," she said. She smiled at Janice and Maria for a moment, but, they being busy, made no attempt to greet them. "Hast seen my son Robert?" she asked, addressing herself to Anna.

"No," Anna replied. She hadn't known Clarissa was a mother until last Tuesday; the boy was normally allowed to run wild, not that anybody minded. "Not for a few days, at least," Anna amended.

"Nor I," said Clarissa, "and I'm beginning to worry. Thou'lt tell me if he appears?"

"Of course," said Anna, and Clarissa wandered off. Janice and Maria began to moan more loudly and Anna, excited by the sound, rubbed herself gently where James' secretions still dribbled out.

A man no more than a year or two older than Anna appeared and sat down before her. "Excuse me," he said, and Anna smiled, thinking she knew what was coming. "My name is Fred."

"Anna." They shook hands. Fred was thin, but wiry. He had sparse black hairs over his body and an unkempt red beard covering part of his face and dripping down several inches below his chin. His head, however, was bald -- not bald as an old man is, whose hair has gradually faded away, but bald as the chin of a young man who shaves it every day. His scalp was smoothly tanned and reflected the light of the sun.

Fred was quiet for a moment. "This may seem an odd question," he said after a moment, embarrassed, the faintest hint of a blush appearing upon his cheeks, "and please don't run away when I ask it, as some women do; but dost thou, that is, hast thou, ah, recently emptied thyself?"

Anna stared at him for a moment; then, fearing she might frighten away this one man who might possibly be interested in her favourite of all pleasures, said, quietly, "It does not seem an odd question to me. What is odd is that I hear it asked so infrequently." And, taking him entirely by surprise, she leant forward and kissed him upon the mouth.

They started apart in the next instant as a loud scream startled them; but turning, Anna discovered it to emanate from Maria, whose body, under Janice's ministrations, had begun to convulse violently. Janice, also, moaned very loudly, her eyes rolling partway back in their sockets, and Maria's right hand was instantly soaked by a veritable geyser that erupted from her friend's loins. Fred stared, incapable of closing his mouth, and Anna giggled at this sight. "I think that we shall be excellent friends," she informed him.

