Clara Discovers the Doctor's Fetish (Doctor Who fanfiction)

14th February 2016, 04:29 AM

Author: pink_wetter

Location: Earth (Sex: Female) Posts: 40

Story summary: Clara discovers the Doctor has a piss fetish. He owns trousers made of a specialized Gallifreyan material; he can wee in them as much as he wants and it does not show other than the puddles at his feet. He gets off on wetting himself without people knowing. Clara thinks it's the hottest thing ever and it won't be long before she lets the Doctor know she's onto his secret.

Fandom: Doctor Who

Characters: Clara Oswald and the 12th Doctor

Content: Desperation, wetting, self pissing, piss play and voyeurism.

***

Clara's first suspicion occurred as a freak rainstorm soaked her and the Doctor. As she stood there, dripping from the rain, she noticed the Doctor's white buttoned down shirt, waistcoat, navy blue crombie jacket and matching slacks looked completely dry. His gray hair was dark and wet, the curls slicked down against the back of his neck as if he just had a shower.

He noticed her glare. He smirked and a mischievous twinkle gleamed in his pale blue eyes.

«Gallifreyan weave. Keeps the wet out or in. Handy for situations like this. Also handy if you never want your enemies to see you sweat.»

Clara narrowed her brown eyes and pointedly squeezed out her sodden brown hair. Her wet dark brown slacks clung to her legs and the purple blouse she wore under her black windbreaker didn't fare much better. Thank goodness this planet had a warm climate or she might be miserably chilled. How silly a petite person like her might look, shivering and drenched.

«You could've warned me about the sudden downpours,» Clara complained.

«Oh, rainforest isn't enough of a warning?» The Doctor stuffed his hands in his pockets. After a minute he sighed and his shoulders relaxed. «Honestly, Clara,» His voice had an odd note in it she didn't know what to make of, «Being wet never killed anyone...unless they got wet in freezing temperatures, that is. But only pudding brain idiots do that.»

She huffed playfully back as the Doctor gave a little shake of his shoulders and walked away. The dry ground beneath the tree they took cover under was wet. Wetter than normal rain runoff.

Clara tried to shake the thought off. The Doctor was an alien who could hold his wee for who knew how long. She rarely saw him use the loo - actually she only saw him go to it at her flat.

Thinking about needing the loo had her realizing she needed to go. No point in taking her blue lace knickers down since she was already soaked. She sat on a wet log and contentedly pissed through her knickers and slacks. Not because she had to go badly. She just wanted to and it wouldn't be noticed anyway with her clothes already wet.

Her wee hissed loudly, tickling her clit. She pretended to pick at her fingernails. The Doctor glanced at her and walked away to examine the sky.

«More rain is headed towards us,» He said.

Clara pushed her bum against the log to wring the excess wee off and stood. «I'm going back into the TARDIS. I'm already wet enough.» She smirked as she walked past him, wondering if he smelled what she did.

The blue British police box was so familiar to her that it never looked out of place or odd to her no matter the setting. Clara stepped through the creaky door. As she closed it she saw the Doctor sit on the log she just used. Now she really began to wonder.

*****

Clara found the TARDIS already in her living room when she arrived home from work. She bypassed the blue box to use her loo down the hall. She pulled her black tights down, pissed on the toilet through her gray cotton knickers and moaned in relief. Then she pulled her tights back up and rearranged her skirt so the wetness stayed close to her pussy. Just as casual as could be.

«Doctor?» She entered the TARDIS.

«Under the hood!» The Doctor called back from the floor below the main console.

«What'cha doing down there?» Clara called. He didn't like her venturing down there and she respectfully stayed on the main console floor.

The Doctor jingled some tools. «She made a bit of a noise when I landed her.»

«The TARDIS always makes a noise when you land,» She pointed out.

«Yes, but this was a different noise.»

«Hm.» Clara grabbed one of the monitors and twiddled a few buttons. The cameras below zeroed in on the Doctor. Now she could see him. She had a split screen - one on his face and another on his whole body.

The Doctor had on his space hobo outfit. Two T-shirts under a dark green hoodie and dark gray tartan trousers. He'd taken his hoodie and crombie off to better get underneath the control panel. He was laying on his back, his big bushy eyebrows frowning at something out of Clara's sight on the monitor.

Clara watched the Doctor's legs wriggle and bounce. The outline of his cock was obvious through his trousers. He wasn't wearing underwear. He kept bumping his knees together and his face had its usual severeness of intense focus.

«So what do you think is wrong?» asked Clara.

«Could be a fluid leak hitting a motherboard. Should be fine once I replace a few components.»

«Ooh, I'll let you concentrate then. I've got some papers to grade anyway, so let's both work.»

«Ah, thank you.»

Clara got the papers out with no intent to actually work on them. They were already finished. She pulled her iPod out too and popped the earbuds into her ears. She had no intention of turning them on.

«I'm listening to my music, so give a shout if you need my attention.»

«Of course.» The Doctor bounced his legs faster. He worked one handed now, the other firmly gripping his crotch.

Clara enjoyed the view of his thighs flexing. He let go of his crotch to solder something and a small wet patch appeared near his fly. Oh, so these were regular trousers, eh? The Doctor's leg bouncing sped up. He suddenly closed his legs and straightened them as he unzipped his fly. He let his big uncut cock hang out. The puckered opening in his foreskin glistened with wee droplets.

The Doctor resumed jiggling his legs without bending them. Oh, the things that man did when he thought nobody was watching. Clara licked her lips. He grimaced and dribbled more wee onto his trousers, darkening them from the outside. A shift in position flipped his cock onto his stomach where he spurted again. He pushed it to point towards his feet and soldered two wires. Wee kept escaping one drop at a time, turning slowly into a thin, weak stream.

Clara saw the Doctor bite his bottom lip. His forehead wrinkled as if it hurt. Then he relaxed with a sigh and the weak stream became a huge fountain from his semi erect cock to soak his trousers. His foreskin gave his stream a very focused spray. He pissed like a racehorse like that for ten seconds before stuffing his pissing cock back into his trousers and zipping up. He casually kept weeing in the left leg of them as he soldered something to a motherboard and attached it somewhere out of sight of the monitor. The dark stain grew until most of his left leg glistened. He looked totally casual like it was perfectly normal to wet his trousers while working.

The puddle beneath the Doctor drained down a grating on the slanted floor. But first it hit the back of his shirt since he lay in the drain's path.

Now the Doctor wasn't working anymore. He lay there, eyes closed, enjoying the relief of his long wee. He gave a sexy post piss shudder of his shoulders and that was when she knew his bladder was empty.

Clara watched him dip his hand into his puddle and rub himself through his glistening tartan trousers. Her hand wandered under her skirt to fondle her damp crotch through her wet tights and knickers. It didn't take her long. She held her moan when she came. He didn't because he thought she was listening to her music. His voice was low and sexy and he bore his teeth as he added cum to his piss.

The Doctor splashed more of his wee on himself as he slid out from under the TARDIS engine panel he was working on. The splatter pattern on his clothes turned random, covering what he'd done.

Clara switched off the monitors and bent over her papers as the Doctor bounded up the steps. She'd orgasmed with a full bladder and it protested her ignoring it by giving her urgent signals to relieve it. She crossed her legs and ignored it.

Clara took her earbuds out and gaped at the Doctor's state, feigning surprise.

«Blimey, what happened to you?»

«Chemical spill,» said the Doctor. He was still flushed and husky voiced from his recent orgasm. She liked how his Scottish accent sounded thicker.

She jiggled her legs and noticed his eyes lingering on her a moment longer than normal. «Is the TARDIS fixed now?»

He nodded. «Mmhmm. I'm going to wash up and then we'll see how she sings.»

She grinned and pretended to mark the last paper. «Take us to an alien beach if it's fixed, okay?»

«Whatever, beach it is!» The Doctor called back as he squelched down the TARDIS hallway. His shirt was soaked halfway up the back and his trousers dripped a trail.

Now Clara began to suspect why the Doctor took so long to use the loo in her place. Maybe he put on a similar show and she wanted to see it. The question was how.

The Doctor reappeared in his usual business casual outfit. The TARDIS sounded perfect when he cranked the main lever.

He showed her a beach with sand made of mineral particles. A beautiful, sparkling place with a pale purplish sky. They walked around for hours and he pointed out several interesting rock formations and seashells.

The waves reminded Clara of her urgent bladder again. She pretended to jiggle because of the chilly breeze, which made her need to wee stronger still.

Clara hatched a plan while they were there. Okay, two plans. One was immediate. The other was something naughty, something dirty.

She accidentally on purpose wandered a little too close to the water. A wave washed up, wetting her to her knees.

«Oh!» Clara squeaked as the shocking coldness wrenched her bladder control away. A hot spurt escaped while she stood there, knock kneed and trembling.

«Clara!» The Doctor raced over, pulling her away from the water's reach.

She clung to his coat. «Wait! Wait, I'm - «

Her muscles failed and a hot stream of wee poured into the gusset of her knickers. Warmth spread out and trickled down to darken her tights above where the water wet her and pooled in the sand at her feet.

«I...the water startled me,» Clara sputtered.

«Oh. Clara.» The Doctor awkwardly hugged her to himself as if concealing her not-really-an-accident from the world. «There, there, accidents happen.»

Her breath caught, «You're not upset?»

«Tch, why? It's just wee.»

She relaxed fully and let her wee spray full blast while he held her. Closing her legs tightly narrowed her pisshole and made it burble and hiss loudly. She felt the Doctor's two hearts hammering in his chest and listened to his breathing deepen.

Suddenly, she realized his his pants felt warmer against her stomach. The tip of his cock was right against her left hip. Still no underpants.

«You're going to get cold.» The Doctor murmured. His voice had that odd note in it she heard in the rainforest. Now she knew it meant he was having a wee.

Clara pretended not to notice. She sighed as her bladder finished emptying and hugged him a little tighter against herself. She shifted to the right, which pushed his cock up towards his waistband. She relished the vibration of his stream hitting the fabric of his trousers. No wetness came through the material at all. He could piss in these trousers totally undetected. Well, aside from the puddles forming at his feet where the piss ran down inside the fabric to soak his socks and shoes. He went and went for what seemed like ages.

There was that sexy post piss shudder. She loved that, like a sleepy bear shaking off after hibernation. He kissed the top of her head. «Do you want to leave?»

«Yeah. It's a bit chilly. Take me home?» Clara asked as her hardened nipples poked through her shirt. She stepped back to let the Doctor get a glimpse of that before plodding towards the TARDIS. Did she imagine him spreading his coat to flash the tent in his trousers before buttoning it to cover up?

She politely took off her sandy tights and shoes before going into the TARDIS. As an afterthought, she removed her pissy knickers too.

He stole many glances at her. Sometimes she «caught' him and smiled sheepishly. He just smiled his shy smile back and pressed a few keys. The TARDIS whirred to life and off they went.

The Doctor dropped Clara off at home. She kept the thick towel he draped around her like a blanket and casually scooped up her damp piss-scented tights and shoes. She «forgot' her wet knickers.

The TARDIS had hardly dematerialized before she dumped her dirty clothes and raced into her kitchen. She rummaged for her toolbox and extension cord for her power drill.

Her bathroom wall had a busy floral print pattern. Nobody was going to notice a hole from inside. Outside was another story. The Doctor was annoyingly observant. Clara knelt and drilled half a meter to the left of the door, putting the hole above a bookshelf. She concealed it behind a decorative vase. He wasn't going to see that unless he went snooping.

Clara peeped into the hole. She had a complete view of her toilet and shower from just under the bathroom mirror. Perfect. Now she could call up the Doctor and invite him for dinner.

*****

She noticed his leg bouncing as they had dinner together at her kitchen table. Steaks with plenty of wine and tea. Always the gentleman, he washed the dishes when they were done. His leg bounced the whole time as if he beat out the rhythm to music stuck in his head. And damn his legs looked good in those fitted piss hiding trousers.

«Oh, by the way,» The Doctor produced Clara's wadded up knickers from his pocket, «You dropped these yesterday.»

They were dry with a distinct crusted cumstain in the gusset.

«Oh! Sorry. Thank you.» Clara swiped her undergarments from him and hurried to toss them in her dirty clothes hamper.

«I can finish that,» She said when she returned to the kitchen.

The Doctor shifted his weight foot to foot. «No, you cooked. It's only polite that I clean.»

«But you look like you need the loo.»

His thighs flexed as if expressing his frustration. «I'm almost done, Clara.»

He finished rinsing the last dish and set it aside in the drying rack. He didn't bother drying his hands before making a beeline down the hall.

Clara waited to hear the door close before tip-toeing to her hidden peephole. She saw the Doctor stripping to his red silk question mark boxer briefs and step into her shower. The outline of his long cock pointed to his left hip until he adjusted it closer to the waistband and released a torrent of piss.

He sighed, shoulders relaxing as he watched himself in the mirror above the peephole he didn't know Clara was looking through. A glistening wet stain spread across the red fabric and poured rivulets down both his legs. His stream gained strength until it gushed straight through his boxers with a loud hiss.

«Ohh,» The Doctor moaned. He cupped his hand in the stream and began rubbing himself. He pulled the waistband of his boxers away to expose his uncut cock. He let the jet of wee soak his chest before covering up and holding himself through his boxers as if weeing normally in the loo. He watched himself in the mirror the whole time, his face flushed with excitement. A shudder ran through him as his wee stopped flowing.

Clara had never seen anything so hot in her life. The Doctor made it better by wanking through his wet boxers until cum joined his piss stain. He stood there a minute with his eyes closed to savor his wet messiness. Then he casually got dressed again. Not a single hint of wetness showed through his clothes.

She was right. He had a piss fetish.

Clara hurried into the kitchen when the Doctor slid his shoes and socks on. She heard him flush the toilet and wash his hands. The door swung open and he strode back into the kitchen.

Now she knew why he took so long in the loo.

It was hard for Clara to look the Doctor in the eye now that she knew he wore wee stained boxers under his pants. The vague smell of piss hung around him. Very faintly, easily passed off as something he stepped in outside.

«Thank you for dinner,» said the Doctor.

She barely hid her smile as she faced him. «See you tomorrow?»

«Mmhmm. Mind if we do dinner again?» He lingered near her, almost as if he wanted her to notice the smell on him. Then he backed away, taking a swinging step towards the TARDIS. He was smirking.

«Can't wait,» Clara grinned. Her own need for the loo was reaching a point to where she couldn't stand perfectly still.

She ran into her bathroom as soon as the TARDIS disappeared. He hadn't washed his piss out of the shower. There was a big puddle that didn't wick down the drain. She flipped the back of her flowy blue skirt up and sat down in it, letting it soak into her pink cotton knickers. The wee was cold, but she didn't care as she shoved two fingers down her knickers and fingered herself to the mental image of the Doctor soaking his silk boxers.

It didn't take her long to reach a jaw clenching orgasm. She relaxed against the wall with her legs straight out in front of her and enjoyed a lengthy hissing wee that warmed her knickers and bottom.

Tomorrow, she was going to let the Doctor know she was onto him.

*****

The Doctor arrived just before dinnertime the very next day. His eyes went immediately to the towel on the floor in front of the couch. The same towel he gave her after she wet herself during their beach excursion.

«I spilled some tea there,» said Clara when she noticed him looking. She went on, «Do you mind if we stay in after dinner? I had a long day. The kids were rough and I'm exhausted.»

He shrugged like it didn't matter. Dinner was meatloaf seasoned with spices. They drank several cups of tea.

The Doctor's leg was bouncing at the table again. He kept stopping himself and didn't fidget while washing the dishes. As he dried the them he suggested they watch a movie.

Clara found a stupid B-movie about giant iguanas. She figured the Doctor wouldn't like anything too realistic and she noticed he didn't go to the loo despite his obvious urgency.

They sat on the couch together. The Doctor predictably sat with his feet on the towel. He let his legs flop apart in a typical man-spread. Clara playfully shoved his knee aside to sit next to him.

She kept one eye on the movie and the corner of her eye on the Doctor. He'd pulled a flap of his coat across his lap to hide that he was holding himself. She pretended not to notice him suddenly press his knees together and let them flop apart again. He did it three different times.

Clara heard the splats of piss hitting silk. The Doctor bit his lip as he spurted, each one audible. He adjusted himself to point up towards his waistband and sat up straighter with his knees together Finally he lost control and the splats became a steady gurgling hiss. He sighed through his nose. His shoulders relaxed and he sat back again. Clara had a hard time pretending to be interested in the movie when she knew he was wetting his pants like that right beside her.

«This movie is so...what is that human word you use? Cheesy.» The Doctor said when he reached full stream. He crossed his right ankle over his left knee and continued weeing like it was the most normal thing in the universe.

«It's cheaply made.» Clara snorted, sparing a glance at his foot where a rivulet of yellow fluid ran out the back of his left trouser leg and soaked into the towel.

«I can see the strings holding up their tails,» said the Doctor. He sighed again, content. He was still going, his bladder must have been quite full.

Clara's whole body trembled with excitement because he had no idea she knew what was going on. She grabbed the blanket off the back of the couch and covered herself up to the neck with it.

The blanket hid her flipping her skirt out from under her bottom. She playfully threw the edge of it over him too. He stopped weeing - whether he was empty or saving some was anyone's guess - and covered himself up to his neck too.

Clara reached into her knickers and slowly rubbed her aching clit. She heard the squelching of the Doctor fondling himself. His movements jiggled the couch ever so slightly. He tensed, bit his lip and exhaled heavily. She came shortly after he did, turning her head to avoid him seeing her face.

Clara tried to hold her piss in after her orgasm. She kept one hand tight against her crotch. The movie was two thirds of the way through when she gave up and let some hot wee pour out into her cotton boxer briefs knickers. The black felt couch cushion got warm as it soaked it up.

«I think I see the strings now,» She said contentedly. The wee tickled her sensitive clit as it flowed messily through the gusset of her knickers. Bloody hell, it was hot to be totally pissing herself without him knowing. No wonder he got off on it so hard.

«Yeah?»

Clara cut her stream off even though it hurt to do so. She was still bursting when she flung the blanket off them and swung herself over to straddle the Doctor's lap.

«I know what you just did. I know what you've been doing,» Clara whispered in his ear.

The Doctor's cock twitched beneath her. His eyes got huge and his face suddenly took on that Doctor like smirk he got when he uncovered someone's plan. He moved his bushy eyebrows up and down.

«The engine cameras light up when they're activated. And I know about the hole in the bathroom wall, so I put on a show both times. Clara, Clara, Clara, the odor of your wee and your pheromones are as obvious to me as perfume. Do you think I couldn't smell you having a wee right here with me and getting horny from it?»

«Do you think I couldn't hear you doing it?» Clara countered him. She realized she heard that gurgly hiss off and on throughout their adventures, yet never attributed it to what it was until recently.

«I expected you to catch on.» He grinned, licking his lips. «I only use the loo to poo. I have long underpants I can wear under the tartan trousers when don't want the wee to show.»

Clara inched her face closer to his. «That takes discrete to a whole new level.»

The Doctor leaned forward. «Yes, it does.»

They kissed. First with lips, then deepening to tongues.

Clara emptied the rest of her bladder into her knickers while astride his lap. A long, loud stream that poured onto his pants and ran off around his hips onto the couch. She loved how he moaned into her mouth and slid a hand down the back of her knickers. His gracefully long fingers easily reached her gushing piss hole. He moved his fingers through her stream, teasing her. She stopped weeing and undid his fly to grab him through his wet silk boxers. He moaned again as she tugged it free and shoved the tip up the leg of her boxer briefs knickers.

«Clara,» groaned the Doctor.

«Go in my knickers,» gasped Clara, «Please.»

«Are you sure?»

«Yes.»

She felt him relax and his powerful piss stream jetted against her engorged vulva. He pissed like a fire hose and she relished the hiss as it forced its way through his puckered foreskin. She was so turned on she came again, moaning into his mouth. His wee stream shrank and died to a dribble before stopping completely. Now he gave that little shudder that she loved so much.

Clara rewarded him by humping his hard shaft with her wet knickers until white globs of cum dotted his black holey jumper. He cried out as he came like he cried out while working on the TARDIS engine the other day.

They sagged against each other, soaked and smelling of piss. Clara slid her knickers off because they annoyed her now. The Doctor recovered quicker than she imagined possible, and they fucked right there on her wet couch. Their simultaneous orgasm was more intense than the ones they experienced before. Clara enjoyed a relaxing wee on the Doctor's softening cock as they relaxed in the afterglow. He kissed her deeply while she did it.

From that moment on they shared a fetish that brought them great and naughty pleasure.

****

The Doctor gave Clara several articles of Gallifreyan clothing made of the same material as his trousers. They felt like regular leggings, skirts and slacks. The insides got wet feeling while being pissed in, but kept the wetness from soaking through outside. The wetness that usually showed outside ran out of the bottoms instead, leaving puddles on the floor. This barrier worked both ways. She spilled tea on the leggings once and only felt the warmth while the tea ran off the material without staining. What amazing design.

Clara stopped using the loo for anything besides having a poo or changing her tampons. She became talented at standing in the grass, on grating or near a curb so nobody saw the wee pooling at her feet. She kept a towel on the floor under her desk and enjoyed pissing during class. It was naughty, knowing she could wee any time she wanted without anyone knowing, but she pitied her students when they showed obvious distress. She always granted them restroom access when they asked.

Traveling with the Doctor in the TARDIS became a lot more fun with their fetish out in the open. Clara loved embracing the Doctor from behind and listening to his long, hissing wees as much as he enjoyed hearing hers. Sometimes she stuck her hands into his trousers to feel the stream spray through his boxers and sometimes she asked to watch him piss all over himself. He liked to rub her through her knickers while she pissed torrents all over his hand. He also loved it when she pulled her knickers aside and emptied her bladder on his chest. He greatly enjoyed watching her squirm until she lost control and she rewarded him with a show every time. His displays of desperation were a joy to watch too. She loved watching him wet his tartan trousers.

Once, he took her out into deep space and shut off the gravity. She watched him hold himself as he floated in the console room. He wore his tartan trousers and the first spurts showed immediately. His wee soaked through and clung to his clothes instead of wicking off. The blobs of wee grew around his shiny crotch as he pissed and only tapping his leg or wiping with his hand sent them flying freely as little spheres of amber. He left hilarious little trails of floating wee when he kicked off a railing and zoomed across the room while pissing full blast.

Clara decided to give it a shot and emptied herself under her skirt. She felt the wee gush out and immediately cling to her body. Like doing it in a swimming pool or bathtub, except she had the delicious sensation of feeling it spray out of her body. She lifted up her skirt to show him the huge blob of piss clinging to her legs right before she slapped them together to send little globules drifting away.

She found herself envying how he could take his cock out and piss spirals, zig zags and rings. All she managed was a messy jet.

They floated together, watching their piss combine near the ceiling. The Doctor led her back to the floor and switched the gravity back on. All that piss rained down to soak them and everything else. They fucked on the floor in the midst of their mess.

Clara wasn't a bedwetter, but she discovered the Doctor was. He liked to sleep nude because of it. She convinced him to sleep in her bed because she wanted to see it happen. What a marvel it was to watch his cock dribble and gush on his stomach or leg or the mattress while he slept, unaware. She liked to aim him at her and let his wee wet her pajamas. He never went to the loo when he woke up, choosing instead to piss in whatever position he happened to be lying in. There was a morning where he lay on his back and let his wee become a fountain that sprayed the pillows and their hair. Clara watched him do that the first time and immediately spread her legs to release a torrent at his feet. Why waste a good wee? They looked at each other and grinned.

Sometimes he wore his silk boxers to bed. Clara loved the gurgling hiss of his strong wee flow. She often rubbed him through his boxers while he pissed himself in his sleep. She repaid him by letting him watch her wee her knickers on the mattress. Her morning wee always hissed the loudest and smelled the strongest. He took much enjoyment in rubbing her through her knickers while she pissed in them.

There was one delicious morning where he rolled over on top of her and tucked his cock down the front of her pajama bottoms. She woke up to him gazing lovingly into her eyes. Then he pissed long and hard on her clit until she came. He pulled her pajama bottoms down to lick her clean. He made her cum so hard a second time. She got him back by weeing all over his hard cock and sucking it until he moaned her name.

They wore their piss hiding clothing while out in public. When alone, they wore things that showed it, and casually pissed themselves whenever they wanted. The Doctor liked to wait until he couldn't hold it anymore and lost control. Clara enjoyed weeing whenever it suited her. Sometimes he flopped his cock out and pissed on his clothes or let it dangle to wet the couch. She had fun sitting in his lap and weeing on it like a loo.

And so the Doctor and Clara continued their adventures in space and time, only now they vaguely smelled like piss and cum. Their clothes were always wet or piss stained, and they loved it that way.

THE END

