Cassie will pee anywhere!

7th September 2005, 03:07 AM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

Since someone asked for more dorm adventures, I will relate a couple of other experiences that year. The first one was with Cassie. She was a slightly overweight (10 lbs. maybe) very cute redhead with that typical redhead attitude. She was also a lot of fun to be around as she would stand her ground and would dish out guff as well as take it. At the mid-west collage I went to there was an old gas station that had been converted into a bar. It was within stumbling distance from the dorms so we all liked that as it cut down on the D.U.Is. One Friday evening a bunch of us were enjoying $2.00 pitcher night. There were maybe 10 or 12 of us around the big table in the back having a good time.

As beer will do, after a couple of beers each, everyone was in pee mode. There were only two small one seater bathrooms as this was an old gas station. As the evening wore on the line for the ladies bathroom began to get 3 or 4 girls deep at all times. From the back table we could see the bathrooms and I noticed a few times the occasional girl bouncing on the balls of her feet, leg crossing, shuffling of a woman getting desperate

. There was even a couple of quick grab and squeezes to be seen.

The evening wore on and the line was now a constant 5 or 6 girls. I needed to drain the hose again and I got out and got in line behind the one other guy waiting to pee. Cassie was already there in the girl's line, and by now was girl #3, as she had left the table a couple of minutes earlier. When I got there she looked a little pained. She was bent over at the waist and knock kneed, rocking a little bit. I cracked a joke and she laughed a little before grabbing her crotch in a hard squeeze. She looked at me and told me not to make her laugh or she would piss a flood. I smiled and apologized as I was not trying to make her pee her pants. As I said she was fun to be around and we were good friends. Friends don't make friends piss themselves unless they are willing.

The guy went in ahead of me and the girl's line did not move. Buy now Cassie was close to loosing it. I know this because she told me so through tightly clenched teeth with tears of pain streaming down her cheeks. She was in full female desperation mode now. Her hand was firmly fixed to her crotch; she was cross legged and bouncing like an old pickup truck speeding down a country road. She kept telling me «I got to Pee, oh God I got to Pee!»

The door opened for the men's room and I started in. Cassie stepped over and asked if she could use the men's room first. By now my bladder was demanding relief and I said no, but I will share if you like. Cassie didn't argue she just darted inside.

There was a single toilet, no urinal and a sink. I shut the door and turned to Cassie who had her pants undone already. You take the toilet; I'll use the sink I told her. She didn't argue or say a word. She just whipped her jeans and panties down and sat as I hauled my pecker out and stood at the sink. I guess I failed to mention, the sink and the toilet were next to each other in this 5 foot by 5 foot room.

When Cassie sat down she wasn't even thinking about me being there and when her butt hit that seat she left her legs spread open with a big sigh. The torrent of clear liquid shooting from that cherry red hair covered pussy was amazing. I don't think that tap water turned on full blast would equal the rush of pee coming from Cassie. I was pissing away happily, she was hissing away in the toilet in such a state of relief that she turned to thank me and looked straight at a one eyed trouser snake spitting into that sink. Cassie was instantly redder than that pussy hair of hers and blurted out, «Oh god, I'm sorry.» quickly looking away.

"For what?" I asked and she pointed to my pecker that was still pissing away. I told her, I'm not; otherwise I would have to piss like a girl. When she caught the joke she laughed a little and her nervousness subsided. She glanced back at me as I shook the last couple of drops off. I told her, «Remember, if a guy shakes it more than twice he's playing with it.» She laughed, wiped, stood up, pulled her pants up and mentioned that I must have been playing with it as it seemed to grow a little. I looked at her and told her mater of factly that with here pissing away like a cow on a flat rock, six inches away from me it was bound to grow a little. She laughed and we left the bathroom together to some hoots and hollers from our friends.

When we got to the table, Cassie told them to be quiet, as it was a hell of a lot better than peeing her pants, which she guaranteed she would have done if I hadn't let her come with me. Besides she said it wasn't as boring as peeing alone. That raised some eyebrows and got us both a lot of flack. Well at least until the next pitcher arrived. Cassie was a little more careful the rest of that night and went to the bathroom a little sooner than before.

I would have never given it another thought except that when I left to walk home, Cassie decided that she would go home to. As we walked the 5 blocks to the dorm we talked about all the things drunk collage kids talk about. A couple of blocks from the dorms, Cassie stopped, looked right at me and asked, «Did you really start to get hard when we were peeing together?» I told her the truth, and said.

«Yes, how could I not when you were there right next to me peeing for all you were worth?» She smiled and told me that her making me hard turned her on. She also told me she had to pee again. With that she stepped behind some bushes pulling me by the hand, dropped her jeans and panties and squatted. The pee sprang from her like before, with a little less force.

As the clear pee formed a growing puddle of foam and mud she looked at me and asked if I liked what I saw. I replied that I did never once looking away from the fountain splattering on the ground. When she finished she raised up, shook her but a couple of time, laughed and said, if a girl shakes it a couple of time, she's not playing with it. After fastening her jeans she reached for the front of my pants, gave a squeeze and found that I was now hard.

«You like what you feel?» I asked. With a nod yes and a quick kiss we walked the last two blocks to the dorm hand in hand. You know, I never did see my room that night, as Cassie's room mate had gone home for the weekend. Needless to say, this opened up a whole new side of our friendship. It also allowed for some other pee adventures with Cassie.

