Penny - Part 3

9th February 2016, 02:54 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This is a continuation from "Penny" , ( $t=58599) part of a series.

*Story contains, lesbian, wetting, bedwetting, golden shower and (slight) diaper themes.*

Penny- (part 3) What Have We Done?

###

So my relationship with Penny was becoming deep enough where we started to know each other's every quirk and emotion and then it happened...we had our first fight. We had only been going out a month.

It was a Tuesday night and we were texting back and forth and I said something that maybe didn't come out as well as I had wanted...maybe it was because I was tired. She texted me to ask what I was doing for the weekend. And I texted back "I don't know. I will probably be working again." Work was getting stressful and I was having so much pressure from my boss. She then texted a sad face, "". She then texted me "I have been thinking about you all week!" My phone died and then I didn't respond to her for minutes until it recharged.

When my phone recharged, she had sent like 4 or 5 messages since saying that "I seemed cold." I told her "It is because I am so busy..." She replied, "maybe I will be too busy also..." I felt my heart sink. I got mad for a minute and accidentally texted back "well, if that's what you want..." She texted back a picture of a glacier. I got the metaphor and then I started to feel sad. I just wanted to hold her in my arms. I texted back a picture of a flower and then I said "All I want to do is hold you, Penny. I'm sorry I was so busy. I swear I'd quit all of this if I could just live with you in the country and we just do whatever we want." Her text back was not a text but a phone call...

She called and was crying and told me that she found out that she didn't get the job she applied for a month earlier. She thought she had the job because her Aunt was a manager at the company. She was a wreck. We talked for like an hour and I decided that I'd drive to her house. It was late but I didn't care.

I get inside her door and she is crying. Her makeup is smeared on her delicate face and I smell incense and cider. I worry about her drinking sometimes, but she insists that it has been rough for her lately and I know she has weeks where she doesn't drink...but I know she had too many this evening. She offered me a drink and I started to drink. I knew I had to work the next day, but as soon as I saw Penny I knew I was going to call in sick. She needed me and I started to fall in love with her all over again.

She just held me and I held her for what seemed like 15 minutes. Her caress and her kisses were emotional, desperate and sexual. I could smell the sex in her breath.

She said, "You know, real life stinks sometimes. I wish I could sometimes just have no responsibility sometimes and just BE." I replied, "I know...I feel the same way." She just got this look on her face like she was in a different world, and she said "you know I do this a lot don't you?" All of a sudden I heard drips of liquid dropping onto the linoleum floor in the kitchen and I looked down and her gray leggings and she had a growing wet spot and a solid jet of pee was pouring from her crotch through the fabric for like 5 seconds.

I just stood and watched and I felt myself get turned-on all over again...and I said "Yes, hon, I know you like that and I think about you doing that all the time." I smiled, and then she said "it feels just so good to not f**king care and just do it...I feel like I'm a kid again, but it is much better, because I can do adult things like this..." She then held me and kissed me so deep I felt her tongue. Within seconds, my pussy was soaked in my panties after my throbbing heartbeat pounded in my chest and ears. We kissed for minutes and I put my fingers immediately around her wet spot and it was still warm. I was so excited that I felt my own bladder start to loosen. The alcohol was making my urges terrifyingly strong.

She then whispered in my ear..."Come here I want to show you something. Remember that room downstairs? I have a bed now, and I've been peeing down there anytime I want. I did not clean it yesterday yet, so if it's smelly we can come back upstairs, but it is fun cause I can just pee my pants and bed and on myself and get off anytime I want to!! I even bought diapers in case I want to pee myself out in the yard, or wherever.

It is AWESOME! I know we're both kinda kinky with this pee stuff, but I think it is part of who I am now...I'm sort of scared I'm sick in the head." As we came downstairs, I smelled Penny's pee smell filling the space. Her beautiful lips pouted and I just said "oh...no, Penny, you are not sick...I would pee myself anytime I wanted to if I could get away with it also...And I like how it smells down here. It is just pee smell and I like it because you made it ."

I smiled and we crawled into this old air bed...I felt a wet spot toward the edge and there was a pungent obvious urine smell filling my nostrils, but even though at first it was weird, I totally started to feel hot about this and I wanted to pee myself also...and undress Penny.

It was just then that I suddenly felt an urge in my bladder that I haven't felt for months or even years. It was like it was starting to spasm and if I didn't get to a toilet in a minute I was going to pee all over. She looked at me with her watery glistening eyes in the dim green, blue and yellow colored lights she had near the bed. I heard faint music, that sounded like techno. She said "aww, babe, I know you have to go, I can tell ..." She smiled.

I told her "...I have not felt I had to go this bad in a long time...if ever I was going to have an accident, it's now, hon." Just then she took off her leggings and shirt and bra and she was then in just her panties. I started to feel my control slipping...I felt a euphoria...mostly sexual from feeling turned on, but also the fact that my bladder muscles were starting to go numb...I know this feeling well. It is a stretching feeling that leads to a tug, pull and then a sharp, almost painful urge. Within 2 seconds, I was tugging and pulling down there and I clenched my legs together.

I was on my knees in her bed and she was facing me on her knees. Penny whispered in my ear..." I know it's scary, babe- I have been in this place. You want to hold it but your body doesn't let you..." In an instant...I felt a sharp, almost painful 'give' or 'snap' and I literally gasped and cursed, and I was peeing in my pants with such force that it had started to go in the front of my capri pants and it was pouring out of me... I could even smell the pee. It was strong from not going much earlier. I finally stopped the flow after 10 seconds or so. Penny held me and nuzzled my earlobes and just told me "it's ok, it's ok...Jess...mmmm you are with me...we peed our pants and it's ok...It's ok to pee your pants." I could smell so much pee on my body and hers and in this old bed.

Penny took off her panties that were still saturated with pee. She look at me and said "I want you, Jess...I want you..." I looked at her and said " I want you..." She took off my shirt and I took off my capris, bra and panties. I immediately started to kiss her breasts and suck around her nipples. She laid down below me and I laid on top of her. I kissed her on the lips deeply for a long time as I started to fondle around her pussy.

I pushed on her clit and she began to shake and breath hard. I decided I could not wait and I went down on Penny. Her pussy was still wet with pee and the smell of pee and pussy was so natural, organic and comforting to me. I really wanted to give her pleasure and I started to love this women 10 levels deeper.

Within a minute or two of teasing her clit with my tongue, she told me that she had to go. I said "what? go? You mean pee?!" She said "yes, hon...I can get up, or just pee in the sheets..." I said "ohhh. just pee right here, hunny." Something inside my mind just flipped like a switch and I wanted to be down there when she loosened, and I didn't care if it was bad or gross or whatever. My head spun from euphoria and buzz from cider.

All of a sudden Penny squealed, and I heard a hiss and a wide jet of pee was flowing from her pussy. I went down on her, and she said "ohhh, babe, I'm going to pee on your face!!!" I said, "just let it go..." Within a second, my mouth was over her pussy and I felt a warm jet or Penny's urine filling my mouth. It was salty, but I didn't care...I didn't swallow it, but I let it continue to flow into my mouth and I closed my eyes and let it go all over my face and hair. Her stream stopped and I sucked hard on her clit and she came almost instantly. I rubbed myself hard and came within seconds. I then emptied the rest of my bladder by accident all over the sheets. I asked "What have we done??!" Penny replied..." You and I said F**K real life..."

Penny and I fell asleep. We woke up, and it was 2 am, and we both wandered upstairs, unwashed, to Penny's bed and I woke up at 7 am and called in sick to work. Still smelling of last night, Penny and I had breakfast at her farm and we just held each other in the bench on the warm, misty porch watching the sun rise.

