Discovery One

21st May 2012, 11:11 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

We walk together into the cool evening air, quiet now after the pub. Tipsy? Yes, a little. But in that euphoric state only a midsummer's eve full of possibility can bring.

I have only had eyes for you all night - laughing with your friends, but somehow just removed, just apart from it all. Jeans and sensible shoes, a simple blouse, comfortable. You caught me staring - I glanced away, so did you - then our eyes met once more, and you smiled. How could I not buy you a drink?

Now finally alone, our hands find each other - your smooth, cool skin against mine. My mind is full of you, soft curves under comfortable cloth. We are getting on well as we walk, laughing at small things, and soon our hands are exploring beyond. My fingers on your back timidly at first move lower, and I feel your cool palm make the same journey, hesitant but then firmly urgent. And we resolve to stop by my apartment for coffee.

I am glad that it is not far. I would have excused myself in the pub but for my fascination with you ... and being just a little shy. For that matter, I would now seek respite in a bush beside the path, if it were not for the distraction of your companionship.

We embrace in the elevator, I feel your breasts pressed against me, feel the smooth curve of your bottom wiggling beneath my hands. It is obvious that coffee will be a secondary concern. Maybe tertiary - I urgently need relief now. I unlock the door with shaking hands, trembling in anticipation of you ... and in the effort not to embarrass myself.

We enter the apartment, luckily just tidied up, and something prevents me from rushing to the toilet. Maybe you will want to go first. Maybe I should get the coffee started. Maybe I should not leave you while we are both so caught up in one another. The urges momentarily lulled, I install you on the couch and go to grind the beans.

Pouring water for the coffee, it hits once more. I freeze and strain to keep control, but I can no longer resist. I grind myself into the counter, preventing disaster, but suddenly self-conscious, I look back to see you staring intently. I wonder what you are thinking.

Coffee started, I excuse myself for a moment - I really can wait no longer - but you pull me toward you, placing my hand on your chest, massaging my butt. Your lips meet mine forcefully, I feel your nipples firm under my hand, and another spasm hits even as I grow hard. A spurt escapes and I feel my briefs dampen slightly. Embarrassed, I pull away.

It must be the alcohol talking - "Let me help you," you gasp as you reach down my pants. Surely you can feel the dampness of my pee, but you say nothing and squeeze me between your smooth fingers. I reciprocate, feeling down your back to the moist warmth between your legs. Your hips are moving, thighs tensing, suddenly you squeeze my fingers tight between your legs and I feel a warm moistness tickle my fingers.

You didn't? That wasn't? You don't need to?

But there is something incredibly sexy about it - your need hidden while I struggled, your little loss of control beside my own. You say nothing, but suddenly your hand is all over my stiffness, and I am jerking in ecstatic orgasm, my hand now working hard between your legs as you gasp. It does not last long - I feel myself relaxing, my desperate need returning.

"Bathroom. Now." I half carry you there, conscious now of your squirming in my arms.

It is now or now - wet or the toilet. I pull down my pants quickly and aim, getting a little on the zip as the stream starts unbidden. I feel your hand on mine, then on me, directing the stream into the bowl, playfully swishing from side to side. I look at you, one hand holding me and one hand between your legs holding yourself, and I feel myself getting hard again.

Finished now, I gently pull at your jeans. "You need it too, don't you?"

You nod and sit quickly as it hisses forth, legs parted. I cannot resist putting my head in your bare lap, feeling the heat of your stream, admiring the beauty of your hidden parts. I kiss your thighs as you finish, feel you tense, and my tongue finds its way between your legs. It tastes clean, smells musky and feminine.

It takes very little, a touch here, a tweak there amid the ecstasy of relief - and you are gasping, crying. We sit embraced on the toilet, surveying the damage. I invite you to stay for breakfast and you accept, seeming surprised. By morning, I rather imagine we'll have to pee again.

