Roommates

13th March 2013, 04:03 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Denise double-checked the address number on the yellow slip of paper in her hand before rapping her knuckles against the door. A few seconds passed before she heard footsteps getting closer. The door swung open and a curvy brunette in jeans and a t-shirt stood smiling.

"Hi, you must be Denise."

"Starla?" Denise asked. With a name like Starla, a plus-sized brunette was not what she expected.

"That's me. Come on in."

The apartment was also bigger than she expected, with two bedrooms, a full kitchen, dining room, living room, and a bathroom with a full tub. Starla toured Denise through the apartment with a bright smile, talking in quick, excited tones. She was chipper, but not irritating. Denise liked her right away.

"So, do you think you want to move in?" Without hesitation, Denise nodded.

"Sweet! Okay. But there are a few things you need to know first. I'll understand if you want to bail after I tell you this."

"Um... okay?" Denise's eyes widened.

"I sort of... have a weak bladder. It's really embarrassing, but sometimes I just can't help it and I have accidents

. I won't wear diapers because, well, this ass is already big enough, so I don't need some bulky diaper making it worse." Denise couldn't help but chuckle. Starla's ass was round, but not unattractive. Denise would have called it...full. "So, if you do move in with me, be prepared to see me in wet pants from time to time." Starla smiled again, her eyes big and searching. "So... do you still want to move in?"

Again, Denise nodded.

Starla helped her unload her car and after everything was carried into the apartment, Starla squealed and darted for the bathroom. Denise stifled a laugh. She wasn't kidding about the weak bladder. A few minutes later, Starla emerged, sighing.

"That was close. Sometimes I make it and sometimes I don't." She laughed and started at Denise again with those searching brown eyes. "So, it's getting kind of late. I'll leave you to get settled in. If you need anything, I'm right down the hall." As Starla walked away, Denise could not help but watch her round behind move to perfect rhythm with her steps.

After unpacking, Denise knew she needed a bath. 8 hours on the road will make any person feel grubby. She grabbed a nightgown and walked the long hallway. The light from the bathroom at the end of the hall shined like a beacon across the entire hall. Across the hall from the bathroom was Starla's room. As Denise reached it, she peeked in briefly, wondering if her new roommate was still awake.

What she saw stopped her. Starla was laying on her on her bed on her stomach, naked, her round ass on full display. She seemed to be asleep as her eyes were closed and her mouth open. Denise didn't mean to stare, but how could she not? Her attractive new roommate was a nude sleeper. Then, as she continued to stare, she heard Starla sigh. A hissing sound followed and it took Denise a few seconds to realize what it was. Was she...?

Denise's eyes widened as she saw a small trickle of pee soaking Starla's sheets. She thought she heard her moan as the flow increased and her pee sprayed unabated into the bed. Denise was mesmerized as the urine continued, splashing all over Starla's inner thighs and to the sheets below. She moaned again, and now Denise was sure that her roommate was awake and enjoying herself quite a bit. Finally, after about fifteen seconds, the flow slowed to a trickle. When Starla started to roll over, Denise darted into the bathroom and shut the door.

She stood against the door for a while, processing what she just saw. Her heart was beating and she felt a little woozy. As she removed her clothes and walked to the tub, she felt her own urge to pee. She turned the knob on the faucet sighed. What if... Denise could feel her face flush as she pictured her roommate, naked, deliberately pissing her bed. She felt a tingle between her legs and could not help but stroke her labia gently with her finger. She was wet. But why?

Because watching her roommate wet herself was one of the sexiest things she had ever seen, that's why? Denise remembered a time when she had also enjoyed wetting

, in her teens, but her mother found out and put a quick stop to that. But could she do it again? Could she return to that habit?

As if her body were answering for her, she felt another twinge in her bladder. She eyed the toilet for several seconds before her bladder announced its need again.

"Ah, fuck it," she said. Denise sighed and with her legs together, she let go. The delicious warmth of her pee when it left her body made her gasp as it sprayed against her inner thighs and trickled down her legs. She closed her eyes as her heart raced faster at the feeling of her warm urine snaking down her slender legs. She could feel it pooling at her feet but did not want to open her eyes in fear that this might be a dream and she might wake up. She slid her hand between her legs and let her pee splash against her fingers as she caressed her vagina. It only took a few seconds of touching her clitoris before she cried out, her knees buckling a little, as she climaxed and knelt onto the floor, still peeing.

She was going to love living here.

