Pool Pals (Part Two)

3rd February 2008, 08:33 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

While the three of them were walking to the small locker room to put their bags of dry clothes away, Danielle could not help but look around the room at other girls. In one corner of the room was a large open shower and she could spot a few girls standing under strong sprays of warm water. Others were slipping out of their clothes and into their swimwear. Beside the showers were two rows of toilets. Next to the lockers, there were a few changing cubicles for girls who appreciated privacy.

Danielle walked to her assigned locker and turned the combination lock to the numbers the lady at the front desk had given her. As she did, a conversation from one of the cubicles caught her attention.

«Just go ahead and do it. The floors are wet in here anyway.»

«Hey, Kiki, Cheryl,» Danielle whispered. «Come here.» The two wandered over as Danielle pointed at the stall closest to them. «Listen.» There was a slight bit of space between the bottom of the cubicle door and the floor, so they could see two sets of feet.

«I'm sorry, I've just got to pee so bad.»

«Don't worry about it. Just pee. People do it all the time.» Kiki and Danielle grinned as they watched intently.

«But what if somebody hears it?»

«Just put your legs together and let it go down your legs. Then it won't splash on the floor. Trust me, it works.»

Okay, I'll do it. Just don't tell anybody, okay?»

«I won't.» Danielle, Kiki, and Cheryl watched as one of the sets of feet moved together. They heard a soft sigh and seconds later they could see shiny trickles running down the girl's ankles and forming small puddles at her feet.

«Oh, man, that feels so much better. Oh, my legs are getting soaked.»

«It's okay, you're going swimming anyway. I think I'm gonna go, too.» Danielle's smile widened as right away the second set of feet started to glisten and another stream of pee flowed down the other girl's legs to join the puddles on the tile floor.

«Come on,» Cheryl said, «let's go find our spot.»

Danielle caught the eye of a tall young man when she walked out of the mugginess of the locker room and into the cool moisture of the pool area. He craned his neck to admire her for a few seconds as he walked away and Danielle managed a surprised grin.

«Oooh, somebody got their first eye-fuck for the day,» Kiki mumbled.

«Whatever,» Danielle said, but her smile would not go away.

«Over there, girls, in the corner.» Cheryl pointed across the pool to three lounge chairs in the grass that were separated a little from the others. They strolled over to the chairs, spread their towels carefully, and sat down. «You two can go hop in the pool if you want. I'm gonna lay here and get some sun.» Cheryl pulled the lever on the side of her chair and lay back, closing her eyes to relax.

«You know,» Danielle said, «what did you two think about those girls in the changing room?»

«Well,» Cheryl answered, as she began to spread on suntan lotion. «I think it's just what the girl said. 'People do it all the time.' It's just that they don't let everyone know about it. We weren't supposed to see that, just like no one's going to see this.» Without opening her eyes, Cheryl sighed and the crotch of her bathing suit began to glisten. Danielle could barely see tiny droplets falling silently to the grass. This only went on for a few seconds and Cheryl sighed again to show her relief. «You see, Danielle, like I've taught Kiki, it's about being secretive. That's part of the excitement of it. You're doing something you know you shouldn't and no one has any idea. Now go swim, girls, give me some peace and quiet.»

Danielle and Kiki stood up and wandered to the edge of the pool. They sat side by side and placed their feet into the water. «Your mom's right, you know. A lot of people do it, and this is probably the most common place. I bet if I brought my mom here, I could get away with peeing myself right in front of her and there wouldn't be a thing she could say about it.»

«That's an idea. Maybe she might even join you.»

«Okay, that's pushing it.» Both girls laughed. Kiki leaned forward, scooped some water in her palm, and splashed it over her legs.

«I'm about to pee,» she whispered to Danielle.

«Me too,» Danielle answered.

«Just sit here like we have been and let it out a little bit at a time. As long as no one swims or walks right up to us, we'll be fine.»

«Okay,» Danielle said. «I've got to go right now.» Keeping her legs together, she released a little pee and felt it tickle her vagina as it seeped out of her slowly. «Wow,» she whispered. «This feels really good.»

«I'm going, too, but don't look. Just keep acting like we're admiring the swimmers and having conversation.» Kiki parted her legs slightly and let her pee crawl out. She grinned as she could feel it caressing her vagina and enveloping her bottom with marvelous warmth and moisture.

«Kiki, I've got to pee really bad and I don't know if I can keep this up.»

«Okay, then, just hop in the water.» Danielle stopped her gentle flow and jumped from her seat on the edge, into the water. She turned to face Kiki and watched as light trickles passed across the crotch of Kiki's bathing suit and fell quietly to the tile floor beneath her. Danielle could see Cheryl's point. At a distance, this would be almost impossible to notice. «Are you peeing?» Kiki asked.

«Not yet. I was kind of wondering Remember my dream?» Kiki did not need any explanation as she cut off her flow and hopped into the pool. She scooted close to Danielle until she could feel Danielle's leg between hers.

«Keep talking,» Kiki said. Both girls let loose and right away felt their legs become warm as they peed uncontrollably into their bathing suits. Kiki bit her lip to keep from gasping as she sprayed her pee against Danielle's leg and felt the tickle of Danielle's stream on her leg.

«The night after we did that holding contest thing, I went home and wet my bed. Mom was so pissed off and I had to wash the sheets and my clothes and spray the mattress with Lysol.» Danielle's flow was slowing, but she could still feel Kiki's pee caressing her thigh as it mingled with the cool pool water. «She gave me this big speech about young ladies and how they don't do stuff like that. The next night, though, I drank like a bunch of water. I waited for Mom to go to bed and gathered some towels, some dirty ones, and spread them on my bed.»

«Mmm,» Kiki mumbled as her flow finally halted. «Go on.»

«I took all my clothes off and lay on my back, pulled the covers up. I wanted to just sleep like that and if I had to pee in the middle of the night, just go and let the towels soak it all up. But I knew Mom would find out. So I chickened out. I got up, put the towels away, got my pajamas on and just went to bed.»

«Well that's only slightly disappointing,» Kiki said.

«I'm not finished. Some time in the middle of the night, I woke up and my bladder was screaming. I mean, it was so bad it hurt like hell. I was lying on my stomach and I tried to roll over to get up, but I was just so tired. When I finally did roll over, I felt a little trickle of pee warm my panties a little.» Kiki felt her heart flutter as if she knew what Danielle was going to say next. So I said 'Fuck it' and just let go. It came out really hard and fast and hissed so loud I was a little afraid my mom would hear. I stayed on my side and just enjoyed myself as I soaked my panties. The best part was how the pee just soaked into the mattress and my ass became so warm. I reached down to touch my panties while I peed and I pulled them away to let some of it spray out. It felt great splashing against my thighs a little bit. When my pee finally stopped, I rolled over on my back and just masturbated. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming, it felt so great.»

«I'll bet your mom was really pissed, then,» Kiki said.

«A little, yeah, but it was almost like she expected it.»

«What did she do?»

«She bought me some adult diapers.» Kiki gasped. She couldn't help it.

«I'm sorry. Oh my God. Did you wear them?»

«That's the best part,» Danielle said, smiling. «I got to wear them every night when I went to bed. That meant I could piss myself at night any time I wanted and mom wouldn't get upset. Oh, sure, she still makes comments about how nasty it is and tells me to grow up from time to time.»

«My God, that sounds amazing. Why didn't you tell me this before?»

«Well, because I thought it was weird. Until I came to visit you and your mom, I didn't really know that peeing yourself was such a common thing. I knew it happened, but I never thought of it as something sexual or that so many people did it.»

«Come on,» Kiki said. «Let's go lay out in the sun for a while.»

