Wet my jeans while getting my hair cut

31st December 2007, 01:59 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

This happened just yesterday and I thought I would share...

Feeling a bit devilish as usual last Saturday , I had put on a pair of my tight faded low rise jeans that more often are wet than dry and a muscle tank top that showed off the jeans quite well. I need to run some errands in town as well as getting my hair cut. I knew that on saturday my cute girl that I prefer to cut my hair is there - does a great job, nice to talk to and well, really nice to look at - and gives a good neck massage if she is not too busy.

I had a number of cups of coffee before leaving the house as well as since it was warm had taken a couple of water bottles as well with me. I stopped by the stores to take care of my errands before getting to the hair salon. By this time I was really needing to pee. I had earlier already wet the jeans a bit which was quite obvious for a short time but with the warm weather they now were back to dampness only.

At the salon my friend was working and had a customer ahead of her so I let her know I was waiting but said I would be right back as there was a coffee shop next door. I offered her a coffee and she accepted. At the coffee shop I ended up peeing my pants just a little bit making that damp denim just a little wet again. It was so fantastic standing in line and then getting to the front of the line knowing the cashier would see my wet jeans but you would have to look close as the faded jeans were not darkening much with the dampness I realized. She said nothing and gave me me 2 coffees. Back to the salon. I gave Lydia (salon girl) her coffee and I sat down to wait. She wrapped up the other customer and sent him on his way. Now my turn.

She first took me back to the hair washing station and here I am layed back in the chair, my tight mildy damp ultra low rise jeans leaving little to the imagination as the shirt did not cover my tanned mid section. As she massaged my scalp with the shampoo I was feeling quite relaxed. Her voice as she told me some of her stories of a recent vacation she took with her friends put me in a fine mood. Then it happened, as she was rinsing my hair with the warm water all of a sudden it turned ice cold. I jumped and with that peed my jeans almost uncontrolled. I know they were probably soaked but as I was reclined in the chair I could not tell how wet they were other than from my hand now feeling he wet denim as I checked the situation. I could also feel the pee making its way down my butt to he back.

Lydia said, oh I am so sorry about the water turning cold as I see it startled you. I opened my eyes and looked up at her face as well as seeing her very perky nipples showing through her top. I appologized as well for obvioulsy wetting my jeans but said I was so relaxed listening to her and totally consumed by her scalp massage that when the cold water hit it was unexpected. She then asked me to raise off the chair a bit as she would put a towel under my jeans perhaps to absorb some of the wetness. As she helped pull the towel under me, her hands touched my wet front of the jeans in a very obvious manner. She asked if I were embarrased not to be as she has also wet her jeans from time to time and knows the feeling. With that I relaxed a bit and knowing the towel was under me began to piss the jeans some more.

Lydia said I can't believe you are doing that but I really think its sexy seeing a guy pee his jeans. Its good no one else is in the shop to see this. I noticed too her perky nipples were still just that - very perky. I stopped my wetting and she begain to finish rinsing my hair and then we were off to the hair chair. She helped me with the towel, bringing me a fresh one to place under the chair. I commented that do you think I may need two towels? She said I can bring more if you wet through.

She finished cutting my hair and when done asked if I had time for a neck massage, which how could I refuse. She had a small CD radio to which she put on some water music (soft relaxing instrumental massage therapy music) and for the next 10 minutes I was totally in her control. She wispered in my ear to relax all my muscles and not to worry as she had another towel. So I did and proceeded to flood my jeans for her. She whispered in my ear again that her massage must be working well. I smiled and said, so true no one does it better than her.

As she finished the neck massage she took the dry towel and carefully padded te wet denim jeans to soak up as much as possible. I stood up and could fee the wetness in its full effect. She commented how great that must feel and I looked great in wet jeans. She also said that we could just blame it on the faulty plumbing on the wash sink if anyone asked how it happened. I smiled and paid her with a big tip. She gave me her number to which I called and we are getting together for drinks and dinner later this week.

Perhaps my dry spell of not finding any girls interested in a wet guy may be coming to an end. I can only hope.

