Finally Feeling Welcome part 2

15th March 2012, 02:28 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the second part about Mrs Clark and her daughter Jesse. As requested

Finally Feeling Welcome 2

Settling in with my adopted family while getting an education was changing my life. Actually it was changing my life in a lot of ways. I worked hard at university and even got a part time job so that I could continue living with Cindy and her daughter Jesse. I really loved these two very sexy women and while they both had boy friends, I still wound up being the man of the house. I suspected that in their eyes a male was necessary for household stability. While I maintained my place on a pedestal, I was also the victim of the little games they played with me. I'd been living here for almost two years by now and both women really loved any excuse to make me cream my pants. They learned that the easiest trick to play on me was to casually pee in their pants as though it was nothing and then sit back and watch me cum in mine.

They never seem to tire of their little game, ever giggling about each others wet asses whenever they "piddled", as Mrs Clark put it. On one of our warmer afternoons last month Jesse wet her faded out tan short shorts while she was planting flowers with Cindy. She walked through the house to get a fresh iced tea sporting a half circle of wetness surrounding her puss and another stain half way up her ass crack. Even well into the evening's TV movie, she still hadn't bothered changing her pants, just letting them slowly dry. I was always curious about how she could remain so unconcerned about her wet pants and panties. Maybe she liked the wetness against her sexy little puss. At least I know I couldn't get it out of my mind.

Last week Cindy announced she'd be gone for the weekend, leaving twenty two year old Jesse and I alone. Jesse was just returning from a trip downtown as she walked past her mother in the doorway. I think she had been at Charlie's drinking vodka with her friends. She almost immediately walked to the kitchen counter looking for a paycheck she was expecting. I was reading a school text book in the living room, but could not ignore her long legs poking out of a yellow mini skirt.

As always, I loved watching her ass whenever she walked through the house. The thing was so brief that from where I sat, I couldn't miss her yellow, high cut, cotton panties. A slightly discolored double crotch band peeking below her skirt, suggesting she'd probably peed them a bit. Now this wasn't unusual for Jesse and I'm sure it meant nothing to her, but me, well, that was a different story. She couldn't find what she was looking for, so pulled something from her purse and turning towards me, while tugging her skirt down over her butt, said, "want to go in the back yard and share this with me"?

I like pot now and then, but I really love smoking it with Jesse. This long legged brunet just drives me wild. She has the cutest rounded little ass and breasts, each just begging for attention. When she dresses in any kind of heels, it gets really scary. As she passed, all she needed to say was "well come on, get a couple of beers out of the fridge". We headed for the grassy area next to the garage and squatted down on our knees facing one another. Lighting her joint, we took turns inhaling deeply. This was fun and we carried on with a bit of small talk until the marijuana kicked in. Soon slumping back on our heels in complete relaxation.

We were both in our own little worlds when I noticed Jesse kind of looking off over my shoulder. In the next few seconds I was returned to the present by a kind of muffled hissing. Reflexively, I glanced down at Jesse's mini skirt. It had ridden further up her beautiful legs exposing the crotch of her panties. The little bitch was sitting back on her heels, legs spread, while casually peeing herself. Her pee was pouring onto the grass while a wet patch spread throughout the cotton covering her pussy. She caught me staring, a cute smile unfolding across her beautiful face. "Pot makes me do that, you know. Does it bother you?"

I consoled her saying that it was perfectly OK and not to worry. "Some girls do that and I think pot makes it happen sometimes." I was really lying because except for her mother, Cindy, I didn't know any other women that still wet their pants.

Not even bothering to pull her skirt down over her wet puss, she continues. "That's just something that happens when I get high. It doesn't matter if I'm drinking or smoking, it just seems that I'll sometimes go in my pants. I've also wet my bed a few times after I was out late having fun. Mom does it as much as I do, but frequently wears protective undies. I choose my skirts carefully and just live with it. If i'm out at night partying, my panties are usually nearly dry by the time I get home. Last week though, while giving the driver directions, I couldn't wait that long and peed in the back seat of the cab. I don't no if he saw the back of my dress or not."

I couldn't help wondering. How could anyone not notice a beautiful women wearing a sexy dress, wet with pee. Jesse and I were starting to fit together. Next, I'll explain about the intoxicating aroma of girl pee.

