Kathy and Suzy, Part 3 (f wetting, f outdoor, f/f watersports)

18th November 2010, 01:42 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Kathy and Suzy both woke up in wet beds that morning, each after having pissed themselves while masturbating, each doing so while thinking of the other. Suzy was absolutely thrilled by this fact. Kathy, on the other hand, was struggling with the idea.

«Fuck, she's Gary's step daughter. What the fuck would he say? Still, she's not related by blood, and she's now an adult. She can do whatever she wants. But damn it, Gary and Sheila trust me. They would be so pissed! Ah hell, she's super hot, she's kinky, she wants me. Gary and Sheila don't have to find out. What's the harm?» Kathy's inner struggle had lasted for hours, exhausting her. Still, it was now morning, and she had to get up, wash her sheets, and start her day.

As she was loading the washing machine, Kathy was greeted by Suzy, carrying her own load of wed bed sheets. «Morning Kat,» Suzy said, «looks like you were doing the same thing this morning that I was doing.»

«If you mean pissing the bed, then yes, guilty as charged.»

«Not only pissing the bed,» Suzy replied, «but doing so while masturbating. I was thinking of a certain older woman I'm grown very close to over the last few months. What about you?»

Kathy, obviously, knew exactly what Suzy was trying to do, to get her to admit that she fantasized about the young girl. «It was nothing like that for me, Suzy, I was just too lazy to get up and go to the bathroom,» Kathy lied.

«Yeah, I'm feeling kind of lazy right now myself,» responded Suzy. Standing in the pile of sheets that she had just dropped on the laundry room floor, and wearing her customary sports bra and an already wet pair of panties, she started to piss.

Kathy gasped as she saw the yellow stream emerging from Suzy's panties, some of it falling straight down to the sheets below her, some running down the young girl's legs. She fought back the urge to grab her young niece's crotch, to kiss her lips while fingering her pussy, to feel that golden stream running through her hand. Instead she just stood and stared.

Up until this time Suzy had only pissed herself while lying down. Doing so while standing up was a new and exciting sensation. She loved the way the hot piss felt as it ran down her legs. She was also enjoying the look on her aunt's face as she pissed. She could tell that Kathy wanted her as much as she wanted Kathy. She just wished that her aunt would stop fighting it and let it happen. The older woman, however, never made a move. As her stream finished, Suzy stripped out of her panties and bra, dropping them into the pile on the floor, and walked away. She turned around to see Kathy staring at her tight, perfect ass as she did so.

Kathy heard Suzy walk into the bathroom and turn on the water for the shower. While Suzy was showering Kathy used the time to try to compose herself. It was obvious that Suzy was trying to seduce her, which was something that Kathy - the older, more responsible woman - could not allow to happen. She was going to have to put a stop to this when Suzy finished her shower.

As soon as Suzy had washed up and changed, Kathy called for her. «What's up Kat?»

«Look, Suzy, it's obvious what's going on, and it's going to have to stop. I've become just as horny as you have over the last couple of days, and in some ways I want this to happen just as much as you do. But we can't do it. We just can't. Gary is my big brother. When we were kids he was always there for me, always protecting me, always providing a shoulder for me to cry on. He's been the best big brother a girl can ask for, and I can't betray his trust by sleeping with you. It just feels wrong.»

«Yeah, but Kat »

«There's also your mom. I haven't had a chance to really know Sheila yet, but she's never acted weirded out by the fact that I'm a lesbian, either when I'm together with her or together with you. She even allowed her knockout young daughter to come stay with me for the week. I really don't want to betray that trust. Please, we have to stop this.»

Suzy looked extremely disappointed. She really wanted this, and had hoped that she would be able to break down her aunt's defenses. Kathy, however, had found renewed resolve, and was asking Suzy to accept that. «Fine, Kat. It's not what I want, but I respect your position. I'll dial it down.»

«Thanks, I really appreciate it. Now what would you like for breakfast?»

###

Later that day the two women were walking along shopping and looking at the store displays when Kathy became aware of the increasing pressure on her bladder. «Suzy, I'm going have to go into the next store and hit the bathroom. Can you hold my bags?»

«I've got to piss too, Kat. Hey, instead of hitting the store bathroom why don't we try that alley we saw back there?»

«An alley? Are you crazy? And didn't we talk about stuff like this?»

Suzy laughed. «Hey, Kat, I'm not trying to seduce you. I just think it will be fun.»

«Fun!? What if we get caught?»

«The danger of getting caught is the fun! Come on, let's go!»

Suzy grabbed her aunt arm and led her to the alley.

Despite having second thoughts Kathy really needed to go. As soon as she was in the alley, and out of sight, she pulled up her skirt, pulled her panties to the side, squatted down, and started to piss. A strong jet erupted from her and hit the ground, a loud hiss audible as she started to create a foamy puddle of piss.

Kathy had never pissed outside before, and felt really naughty do so. That feeling was enhanced was by the sound of her hissing, and the sight of the huge puddle forming in front of her. While Suzy may have thought of this as only for fun, Kathy couldn't help but be turned on by what she was doing.

«Holy shit, Kat, you really did have to piss!» exclaimed Suzy, watching the puddle getting bigger and bigger.

After a minute or so Kathy's stream began to wane, and, finally, she pushed out the last few spurts of pee. «Hey, Suzy, do you have any tissues?»

«Sorry, I don't.»

«What am I supposed to do, drip dry?»

«Come on, Kat, it's not like you haven't been a little wet lately. Just pull up your panties. A little dampness never hurt anybody.»

«I guess you're right,» responded Kathy, standing up and pulling up her panties.

«Now it's my turn,» said Suzy. She also pulled up her skirt and pulled her panties to the side, but instead of squatting she bent her knees slightly, spread her pussy lips, and started to pee. «Guys have it so easy,» she told Kathy, «I always wanted to pee standing up!»

The stream sprang forward and started to soak a wall in front of her. Both women started to giggle, enjoying Suzy's fairly successful attempt at peeing like a guy. Kathy, in particular, was really enjoying the show. She had to fight an impulse to reach out and touch Suzy's stream.

As the stream weakened some of it started to run down Suzy's leg, causing her to squeal. «I guess I haven't perfected this yet,» she laughed. «Still, I should get points for trying.»

«You did great,» said Kathy, as Suzy adjusted her skirt and panties. «Now let's get out of here before someone discovers us and these puddles. The two women walked away, giggling at what they had just done.

###

Kathy and Suzy sat at the table, finishing dinner. Kathy couldn't help but notice her niece squirm in her chair as she did so. «Is everything OK?' she asked.

«Everything's fine Kat. Why do you ask?»

«You seem uncomfortable over there.»

«Oh,» giggled Suzy. «I've just been holding for a while, and my bladder's quite full. I'm saving it up to help me get off tonight.»

Kathy wished she hadn't asked. Thoughts of Suzy, her fingers inside her panties rubbing her clit while a strong stream of piss gushed out filled her mind. «Suzy, we talked about this »

«Hey, you asked.»

Kathy left it alone, knowing that Suzy was right. In truth, she had been doing the same thing, holding for her own piss and masturbation session that night, the naughtiness of the afternoon's piss still fresh on her mind. Kathy, however, was able to hold her composure better than her niece, not revealing the effect that her full bladder was having on her.

Upon cleaning up after dinner the pair retired to the family room, where they attempted to watch TV. Neither one of them, however, had any idea about what was going on in the show. Suzy's concentration was on her bladder. She had wanted to hold until she retired to bed that night, but the pressure was incredible. She was either going to have to try to relieve some of the pressure, or retire early for the night.

Kathy was now feeling her own bladder more, but her concentration was on Suzy. The girl's pee dance was driving her absolutely wild. She could not remove the image of Suzy pissing her bed while masturbating from her head. She was hoping her niece would head to her room soon, so that she could try to concentrate on something else.

«Hey, Kat, I'm really desperate here. I'm heading to my room now. I'll see you in the morning.»

«Goodnight, Suzy. Pleasant dreams.»

«Trust me, they will be,» Suzy said, as she made her way down the hall.

Kathy watched as Suzy made her way slowly down the hall, in obvious pain.

Suzy made it to her room, close the door, and slipped off her blouse and skirt. She turned down her covers and was about to slip in the bed when she heard the door open.

«Hey, Kat, what's »

Before Suzy could finish her question Kathy grabbed the back of her head and pulled her towards her for a kiss. Suzy passionately returned the kiss, and her hands found the bottom of Kathy's blouse. As they broke off the kiss Suzy pulled off blouse, and then unfastened her aunt's bra, revealing her nice, firm tits. Kathy undid Suzy's bra at the same time.

Kathy pushed Suzy down on the bed. Lying on top of her, Kathy passionately kissed her niece while fondling her beautiful breasts. The pressure of her aunt lying on top of her was too much for Suzy's bladder, which gave way, and she started to flood her panties.

Kathy felt the hot piss against her leg, and immediately scooted down to the bottom of the bed. She stopped for a second to view the piss flowing out of Suzy's panties, then placed her mouth over the panties and started to drink. She had never done this before, her previous experiences in watersports never coming close. She loved it. Drinking from Suzy felt so naughty, yet so intimate.

Suzy's stream waned, and finally stopped. Kathy started to lick Suzy's pussy through her wet panties , stopping occasionally to suck some of the piss out of them. Lying in the wet bed, with her hot step aunt drinking from her and working on her pussy, was easily the most erotic experience of Suzy's young life. She arched her back and moaned, overwhelmed by how good it felt.

Kathy pulled the soaking wet panties aside and started to tongue Suzy's engorged clit. The young girl, being so turned on already, came almost immediately. Kathy eagerly licked up her fluids, and kept her expert tongue trained on her niece's pussy. Suzy came again a couple of minutes later.

After feeling Suzy come down from that second orgasm, Kathy moved back up the bed. Suzy grabbed her and passionately kissed her, tasting all of her fluids on her aunt's lips. «Oh god, Kat, that was amazing,» she said, breathlessly. «I've never felt like that ever. You're awesome!»

«Thanks, sweetie. I've never done anything like that before. It was incredible.»

«You're bladder is still full, right? Please piss on me. I so want to see you piss again, and feel your hot piss over my entire body.»

Kath sat up, pulled off her panties, and straddled Suzy's waist. She pulled apart her pussy lips, much like Suzy had done that afternoon, and started to piss. A strong jet of piss erupted from Kathy, and started to soak Suzy's tits. Electricity ran through Suzy's body as the stream hit her, and she started to rub the piss all over her tits. She then scooted down the bed and lifted her head a little, allowing the stream to flow into her mouth.

Suzy discovered that she liked the taste, loved the sound of the piss filling her mouth, and enjoyed the feeling of the excess running out of her mouth and puddling beneath her. As Kathy's stream waned she moved so that she could cup her mouth over that pissing pussy, and drank down the remainder of her piss.

As soon as Kathy's piss ended Suzy started to eat her pussy. Unlike Kathy, she had never done anything like this before, but she knew what she liked, and tried to replicate it.

Kathy couldn't have cared less about Suzy's inexperience. The young girl's tongue was placing the right pressure on her clit, and she was in heaven. «Oh, god, Suzy, that's it! Oh god, oh my god, oh god!»

Kathy's body shuddered, and she was lost in an intense orgasm. Suzy noticed the flow of juices accompanying Kathy's orgasm, and eagerly licked them up, enjoying the taste of her cum as much as she had the taste of her piss.

As her orgasm subsided Kathy collapsed on the bed next to Suzy. The pair took their time exploring each other's bodies with their hands and their tongues, both fully lost in the moment.

Eventually Suzy spoke up. «So, Kat, what happened? I thought you were against us getting involved with each other like this.»

«Well, first, you're way too hot, and I was way too horny,» Kathy laughed. «I also just decided that we're both adults, and we wanted the same thing, there was no use fighting it anymore.»

«Awesome! But what about my mom and Gary?»

«I figure that what they don't know won't hurt them.»

«You know, I somehow figured spending spring break with you would be better than heading down to Florida or Mexico or somewhere. I just didn't know how much better.»

The two women returned to their explorations.

The End

