The Rainy night Concert

8th September 2009, 03:48 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

Back in July I went to a concert in Grant Park with a group of friends. The weather was turning a bit rainy and we had grass seating. What better way to take advantage of the situation. By the way one of my guy friends at the concert was also into jeans wetting.

I put on a pair of tight stretch jeans with the full intention that by the end of the first couple of songs the band played my jeans were going to be wet. Before the concert has started it rained had so we were all a bit wet. umbrellas were annoying and it was nice and warm anyway so no problem for the rain. We all had been drinking lots of beers so inhibitions had long since left. We al stood up for the first couple of songs and yes, indeed my jeans were totally pee soaked. I told my fellow jeans pee friend what I had done and he said he had done the same. I think we both kept peeing our jeans for the whole concert. We left the concert and walked back to the Red Line EL ( subway) in our wet jeans. I peed mine while walking, peed them while waiting for the subway leaving a small puddle. It was so crowded no one noticed.

We all ended up back over at my friends condo which has a great deck. We continued the party there, more beers, more pee, and yes He and I continued to wet his deck righ there with all the other people - who had no idea what we were up to. The rain had stopped but everythign was still wet. We crashed at 5 am - just as the sun was coming up, sleeping on his deck chair, still in my wet jeans. Got up about noon - sun shinning and with the warm sun the jeans had just about dried on me. Fortunately since it was all beer pee so just about clear water so no smell. Rode back to my place on the EL, thinking about the night before and how soon it would be before these jeans were wet again - which was only until about 8pm as I called my fellow pee buddy and we ended up at Touche - a great Chicago bar that does not mind guys who get a bit wet.

