Male stripper pees on stage!

30th July 2006, 03:30 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Pete had never stripped before. He'd arrived at the resort on Tenerife with his mates a week earlier, planning to have a fortnight of sun, sea and... something else..., but here he was in a bar, wearing a "stunt" tuxedo and waiting to get naked in front of 200 women! It was Dave who'd originally dared Pete to do it, in return for free drinks for the rest of the holiday!

Initially, he was extremely reluctant. Although Pete had a good body - made even better with a week's worth of suntan - he was basically a shy guy. But Dave and the gang had taken him to see a show the previous night, so he could see what went on, and he was surprised how horny it had made him feel! Not by the guys stripping on stage, but by the horny women he was surrounded by! Like most red blooded guys, Pete found a crowd of randy females a real turn on!

So here he was, on "amateur's" night watching the previous guy finish his routine, while the women cheered and tried to grab the poor fella's manhood! Pete had drank a few pints over the last hour to give him courage (and - though he hadn't admitted it - in the hope it would stop him getting an erection!). He hadn't actually drank that much, but nor had he been able to pee! He'd tried a few times, but his nerves seemed to stop the flow every time. He was starting to feel real pressure now and could feel his earlier drinks filling his bladder at an ever increasing rate! Hoping he'd have time to nip to the toilet one more time, he checked what the guy on-stage was doing, only to see him walk off the stage naked, while a few sweaty knickers were thrown on stage after him!

The compere, wearing a sparkling blue jacket hopped onto the stage, getting a g-string full in the face which he used to mop his brow and then put in his pocket!

"Well ladies, that was Klaus from Austria, and I hope you all enjoyed his Wiener! A-ha-ha"

Cheers and wolf whistles immediately followed, as Bob beckoned the crowd to quiet.

"Next for your enjoyment is...er..." he looked at his notes..."Pete from England! Pete works in computers, so lets give him a big hand and hope you enjoy his 'hard drive!'"

Groans at the joke were immediately followed by cheers as Pete came on stage, slightly nervously. The music boomed out and Pete started to dance. He tried to remember the moves from the rehearsal, but his mind was now more focussed on his desperation to pee than anything, and he was glad he only had to be on stage for 5 minutes! Despite this though, the routine went well and Pete was starting to enjoy himself. One by one, he ripped off his jacket, trousers, tie and shirt, and was now dancing in his underpants, much to the enjoyment of the ladies present, who started chanting the inevitable "OFF, OFF, OFF.." at him! Finally, he stood at the front of the stage, thrust his hips forward, and whipped off his pants accompanied by a huge cheer! He shook his cock around, triumphantly bowed, then ran to the edge of the stage. He was already starting to relax his swollen bladder in preperation for the flood to follow!

BUT... Just as he got offstage, Bob the compere pushed him back on and hissed loudly at him:

"The next guy's done a runner, you'll have to keep going for a bit until the next guy is ready!"

Pete was bursting now and tried to explain the situation to Bob, but Bob pushed him forcefully back onstage.

"Look. I'm desperate for a piss!" Pete told him.

But Bob wasn't listening. "I don't care, you're being paid, so just put on the best show you can for a few minutes more!" he hissed and marched off.

Pete could hear the crowd hand-clapping behind him and felt trapped. He hated letting people down, and with a wince turned back on stage, to be greeted with a cheer! But he wasn't able to dance like before! Instead, he shuffled round the stage, while pressing his hands into his cock and closing his eyes with the pain! He was praying with every second that Bob would come to his rescue and let him get offstage to the toilet, but Bob was nowhere to be seen. The crowd started to detect something was up, and the noise level dipped. Then, a girl near the front of the stage called out to Pete:

«What's up love, do you need the loo?»

As soon as Pete nodded in embarressment, the crowd went wild! There were calls for him to pee on stage, and a few girls invited him to join them in the ladies! Pete was stunned. He had no idea women would get turned on by the sight of a guy peeing, but the thought made him feel somewhat hornier too! Annoyed at Bob leaving him in the shit, he decided to hang the consequences and just let go! He stood near the front of the low stage, pushed his hips forward and a huge arc of piss suddenly erupted from his penis. But there was so much pressure, the stream went further than Pete had meant! Instead of hitting the floor in front of him, it was almost getting to the first row of the audience! Pete was preparing himself to be shouted off stage, but to his amazement, a few girls moved to the front, and called.

«Come on Pete, do it on me!»

With open mouth, Pete aimed his stream up so it was hitting the first girl on her T shirt, then moved from side to side, creating a man-made wet T-shirt competition! As the fabric got soaked and stuck to the girls boobs, he could see several had extremely stiff nipples! Pete was getting more and more turned on by the atmosphere of rampant lust in the air, and as his stream eventually slowed, his cock started swelling up and was quickly standing out like a truncheon. So he decided to finish with a flourish, and masturbated on to the stage, much to the delight of the audience, some of whom had hands inside knickers and were now openly masturbating themselves. Eventually 3 white blobs shot out and the crowd went ecstatic.

Pete ran off stage, straight past an open mouthed Bob, quickly grabbed his clothes, and ran naked out of the club, onto the beach and into the sea.

This was a holiday he was never going to forget!

