A new story about Lisa and me

1st April 2011, 11:30 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody !

Maybe you remember that Lisa don't like me to write about our adventures... But now she herself suggested that I should write a story about what we're doing right now! As it actually happens! So this is a running report on what happens now in our living room!

I must begin to tell you what we're wearing, says Lisa. Ok! Lisa is wearing a blue tank top and as she's not having a bra, I can see her nipples already stiff poking the thin fabric... a lovely sight! And she has a knee-length red skirt. "What's under that skirt?" I ask her. With a teasing smile she answers: "Guess!"

"Pull up your skirt!" I command her. "Why should I pull it up?" She asks. "If you wish to see what's under, you have to pull it up yourself!"

(Leaving the computer I chase Lisa round a table...) "Stop!" I shout. She doesn't... But I'm quicker than her and so I caught her.

"Don't move", I told her. Puffing she obeys and I lift her skirt. Oh, she knows what I like! She is wearing light-brown nylon stockings hold up by red garters running up on her round and firm thighs and under her red cotton boyshorts till they connect to a red garterbelt with lovely lacings. She has no shoes on. I almost get in trance when I kneeling before her look at her! She's the sexiest girl ever existed!

"Now I'll tell what you're wearing", she says. "You have a white blouse with short sleeves. It's way too thin, I can see your nipples as clear as if you were naked! Very, very indecent, I must say! I can tell you're horny; they're soo erected! You're wearing your nice pleated blue skirt, making you look just as a little, innocent girl! I'll lift it up to look what's under... Oh, yes!! Chestnut brown nylon stockings, innocently white garterbelt and pink cotton hipsters... oh... oh!!! with an additional darker spot on the crotch! That pussy of yours really knows how to produce juice!! And you have no shoes either..."

Now I'm back at the computer. It's a laptop placed on our dining table. Lisa has crawled under the table and in between my legs. But suddenly she crawls back and stands up and begins hopping on the floor with her hands jammed between her thighs!

"Oh, I'm almost peeing myself! I don't want to do it yet... oh.. gosh... I'm soo desperate

!"

Yelling and hopping she presses her hands against her pussy! Oh, it is a sight to behold! I feel tingles in my pussy looking at my georgeous girlfriend and dearest lover frenetically try to prevent her pee to come too early! Eventually she calms down. When she removes her hands from her pussy I see a pretty large spot on her panty crotch. "Is it pee?" I ask her. "No, you duffer! It's pussy juice, I got so aroused by rubbing me so I wouldn't pee..."

Again she crawls under the table and in between my parted legs. While I'm typing I can feel how she starts to lick my left thigh from the knee and slowly higher and higher. She's always loved to lick my nylon stockings! That is of course when I'm wearing them... And it feels very nice for me too! But when her tongue crosses the border between nylon stockings and my bare skin, it feels even nicer!! Yesss!! Really nice!! Oh, I know that my pussy flows over! Lisa knows the consequence of keeping on to lick my inner thighs... And... holy shit!!! I'm coming!! Right now... omgh.. shit... can't breathe now... Lisa!!!!! Oh... she has the tongue of an ant-eater!! And how she handles it...

Lisa knows that one orgasm isn't enough for me and she goes on! She leaves my panties on and with her nose she pokes on my pussy until it dives deep (well.. as deep as her little nose can dive...) in between my pussy lips! Now she guzzles my pussy juice from my panties

... very loudly! A finger circles round my clit and now and then touches it in a teasing way... Oh... I'm not far from a second orgasm now!! When I feel Lisa suddenly begins to press with her hand on my bladder area! A treatment on which I respond immediatly... I start to pee... not much at first but very soon it feels like a Niagara Fall forcing it's way through my panties

!! Lisa pressses her mouth wide-open onto my pussy try to swallow everything but of course that is not possible!! I come now!! Ooooh!!!!!!!!! Aaaaaah!!! I call out loud.. no, even louder!!! I pant.. I get no air!!! Pee is hitting my clit and at the same time Lisa licks it... I still pees and another orgasm hits me!!! I'm holding Lisa's head, pressing it against my quaking pussy!!! Oh... I get another... and another... and another orgasm!!!!

Slowly I'm getting conscious of the surrounding world again.. Lisa crawls out from under the table and with a leg on each side of mine she sits down in my lap turned towards me. She kisses me tenderly. I feel something very wet and warm filling my lap! She pees on me for like an eternity!! I put a hand in between her thighs and finds her clit. While she's peeing her panties

I'm fondling with her clit! She's jumping on my lap and so her first orgasm comes!! Oh, how she moans and groans!! Still peeing hard!! I must get her to save something for me to taste later on!!

After that first orgasm Lisa takes my hand and leads me in to the bed room. "Enough writing now", she says very firmly!

Yvette

