Heather Interrupted

12th May 2011, 06:06 AM

Author: moondog

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 37

About Heather: 37 year old Hispanic, looks great for her age. Dark brown hair, green eyes, and perky 34DD tits. Has a big bladder, and can really hold her pee. But when she pees, she pees like a horse. Works at a law firm.

Heather was awoken by her cell phone ringing. It was a warm Saturday morning, and when she rolled over to grab the phone her big tits almost popped out of the small tank top she had worn to bed the night before. Her big areolas were peeking out of the top of the shirt and her hard nipples could be seen poking right through the thin fabric. Immediately she noticed the immense pressure in her bladder.. quickly thinking back to the night before..

It was a Friday night and she was at a party with her younger sister and a group of her friends. She hadn't had a free night out in quite a while, so she was intent on enjoying herself. She wanted to prove to the younger crowd, and her sister especially, that she could still keep up. Heather didn't drink anything but beer normally, and this night was no exception. She couldn't remember how many games of beer pong they played, or how much beer she had actually consumed. She'd only pissed once the entire time she was there because she didn't want to break the seal, and as usual it was a absolute torrent of piss when she let it go. By the time everyone was leaving, she really needed to piss again, but she didn't want to admit it to the younger crowd. A friend of her sister's dropped her off at her apartment, and being buzzed, and tired from a long work day she fell right to sleep.. until the next morning when the phone rang..

It was her assistant Vanessa from the law firm. She told Heather that they had an emergency meeting and she had to be at the office in 15 minutes. Heather only had about 5 minutes to get ready, and in her haste, put on her work shirt straight over the tank top she slept in. She was squeezing her legs together in the car because she was literally about to explode with piss. She didn't have time to go before she left. She could feel the beer moving like an ocean in her bladder. She had never ever held in this much piss. She knew she would have to get to the bathroom immediately when she got to the office.

Vanessa met her in the parking lot, and briefed her on what was going on. Apparently the higher ups were there for an emergency meeting, and they wanted to speak with Heather about a possible promotion. As they were walking in to the building Heather couldn't think about anything else but peeing. She had to tell Vanessa..

"I have got to pee SOOO bad right now!" said Heather

"Well, I hope you can hold it. You need to go in right away. They're waiting for you." said Vanessa

"I can't wait, I've got enough beer in me to fill up a keg. I haven't pissed since last night, and I'm filled with beer. I've been holding all night. I have to piss right now!!" said Heather.

"You have to go in now. You can't keep them waiting." Vanessa said urgently.

"Alright, I can't even think.. Give me that cup, I don't have a choice." Heather said.

Heather's office was on the way to the conference room where the meeting was taking place. She rushed in the door with Vanessa in tow. She grabbed the large soda cup from Vanessa, dumped out the contents, and dropped to her knees behind her desk in desperation. She couldn't believe how bad she had to piss, but she just had to let some out so she could get through the meeting. As soon as she got her panties around her knees her bladder just exploded with a torrent of beer piss.

"Holy shit that feels sooo damn good! God I've never had to piss this bad!!" Heather said.

"Jesus, you weren't fucking around! You sound like a damn faucet." Vanessa laughed.

Heather had never pissed that thick of a stream in her life. She had filled the cup up about halfway when.. "Heather, they're calling for you, you have to cut it off" Vanessa said.

Cut it off Heather thought, there was no way.. she grudgingly pinched off her stream with great effort. She felt like she had let the initial pressure off, but she still felt like she had an ocean of beer in her. She was hoping that this would be enough to at least get her through the meeting.

Heather walked into the conference where she was greeted by the two owner's of the law firm, John and Sandy. She still couldn't believe how bad she had to piss. As the meeting went on visions of her peeing into the toilet, or into a bush or anywhere she could pull up her skirt and let fly. She quickly realized that her big nipples were poking right through her shirt because she wasn't wearing a bra. Nothing mattered besides pissing at that point, so she didn't think about that much. Vanessa felt bad for her boss because she knew that she was in agony trying to hold all that beer piss in. Heather felt like her bladder was more full than it was before she was able to let some out. Finally the meeting was over, and she was able to leave the room.

She hurried Vanessa out in front of her, and told Vanessa to think of something quick because she was about to lose it. Vanessa ran into the office ahead of Heather and looked around. She saw the trashcan and immediately grabbed it and shut the door behind Heather when she rushed in. Heather pulled her skirt up around her waist, pulled her panties to the side, shuffled over to the trash can, leaned her back up against the wall and EXPLODED with piss into the trashcan.

She gritted her teeth and said, "Oh my god, that feels soooo fucking good!"

Vanessa was amazed. Heather was pouring out with an extremely powerful double stream that looked like it could take paint off a wall. Her piss had already started foaming up in the bottom of the trashcan. It was the thickest most powerful stream Heather had ever done, and she had taken some big pisses in her lifetime. She had been pissing for almost 20 seconds straight at this point. She moaned with almost a growl because she couldn't believe how good it felt to finally let all that beer out.

Vanessa looked at Heather and said, "Jesus, I have never seen anyone pee like that in my life! You definitely weren't kidding.. wait, what is that?..

There was a knock on Heather's office door..

"Holy shit, Heather, it's John and Sandy you have to stop!"

"I can't stop Van, you have to stall for me. I still have to piss so much more!" Heather whispered.

"Ok ok, lemme stop.. damn damn damn..

Heather walked with the trashcan over to her desk and sat down in her chair. She put the trashcan under her desk, and composed herself. John and Sandy came in and shook her hand and said thank you for meeting with them, and that she had gotten the promotion. She was shaking with the effort to hold back the rest of the flood that was coming.

As soon as they walked out she slammed back down on the edge of the chair, and just got her panties clear in time to explode for the third time. She couldn't believe how much piss was still coming out. Vanessa said to Heather, "Can I come watch you finish? I've never seen anyone piss like that and I just can't believe it!"

Heather said,"I don't care, I just want to get this out. This is the best feeling I've ever had."

Heather hammered the trashcan for another 35 seconds with a torrent of clear beer piss. She stopped and breathed a big sigh. But she started up again for another 20 seconds with just as much power. She finally started to slow down, and finished off when some strong spurts.

"Oh my god" said Heather, as she just fell back into the chair. "That was unreal, but damn it felt sooooo damn good."

"So Van, you impressed?" Heather joked. Vanessa said," That has to be a world record of some sort for longest most powerful pee ever. I still can't believe it."

"Well believe it, and always remember to pee before bed." Heather said with a chuckle.

