The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Four

6th January 2008, 07:18 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): Having taken pleasure for the first time with another female, Anna sits before the fire with her three new friends as they refill their bladders with water preparatory to having another go at it.

###

Fatima sighed slightly and Anna was surprised to feel a spate of warm liquid running over her fingers. She gasped and stopped rubbing her friend's centre of pleasure; but then, recognizing the liquid, continued. Janice glanced over and, seeing the firelight reflected in Fatima's excretion, cried, "What, wouldst thou waste it in soaking the carpet so none can see?"

"Yes," Fatima replied.

"Well, not I," responded Janice; and, rising from her seated position, went quickly to the nearest window. There, she leant backward slightly with her feet set apart; and presently an aqueous line could be seen to emanate from her to contact the glass, and spread outward there, altering the cast of that moonlight which shone between her well-tanned legs. Watching this, Anna felt a surge of excitement within her loins, and the gentle, teasing manner in which Fatima had, till now, been touching her seemed suddenly inadequate. She moved her own fingers faster through the damp, black fur in which they were pressed, and Fatima responded in kind; and that glad sensation at Anna's centre, instead of remaining constant, began to rise in intensity. As did a tightness in the same area of her anatomy.

Quiet Maria had remained in her place, but had both hands pressed to herself, her eyes also fixed upon the red-haired beauty at the window. Presently, that lady had emptied herself completely and turned back to face her friends; whereat Maria, seeking to out-do her for curiosity of pose, quickly, and using to great effect the flexibility of her physique, turned herself upside down. Her head, with her neck bent in what must have been a slightly uncomfortable manner, lay upon the floor; her back still reclined upon her cushion; and her legs, knees spread and the fire limning in red what lay between, in the air. Janice paused in returning to her cushion to watch, touching herself in much the same manner as Anna now touched Fatima; and Maria, with a sigh as though she set down a great weight she had been forced to carry, slowly allowed her urine to escape. It cascaded over her belly, between her breasts, and onto her throat, whence it dribbled onto the floor's thick covering.

Fatima rubbed Anna slightly more briskly. "'Tis a pity," she remarked, "that we can get no more to drink without going downstairs again."

Anna paused in her ministrations to her dark-skinned friend. "O, I know how that can be accomplished," she replied. She seized the now-empty water bottle that she and Fatima had shared, and, pushing aside Fatima's pleasantly stroking fingers, held it with both of her hands to the same place.

The water that presently filled the jug appeared much the same as that which Maria had recently carried up the stairs, but Fatima, upon tasting it, pronounced it much more pleasant in flavour. "And worthy of a small reward," she added; and, setting down the bottle, she moved herself in front of Anna and began again her attentions to the tiny mound between Anna's legs. But this time she worked faster, and as the waves of pleasure mounted faster than before, Anna gasped and began to breathe more quickly. She leaned backward involuntarily, her back arching and her loins pressing more closely against the attacking digits. Then Fatima knelt and, with her tongue, sponged away the transparent liquid about the aperture before her, her knees beneath her own body and her fundament raised into the air like a target.

Janice had, by this time, sampled the new water, and Maria had taken over Fatima's forsaken cushion. Seeing Fatima's backside so raised, with her central cleft visible beneath it, Janice suddenly passed the water bottle to Maria and lay herself upon her back behind her dark-haired friend, with her head beneath this damp, enticing vision; and she began to stroke Fatima with her fingers, for which service she was praised with a faint moan, stifled against Anna's body.

The vibration this caused was too much for Anna, who had been gasping like a captured fish and moaning like a spirit in torment for several seconds now; but at Fatima's moan, the waves of bliss she had been feeling became a flood which overwhelmed her senses. Her body stiffened, pressing closer against Fatima's face so that a perfect, white tooth wounded her, though she did not notice at that moment; and as the first flood of bliss subsided, another filled her body, and then another; until, after what might have been a second or a thousand years, she collapsed upon her back, staring up at the beams of dark wood that criss-crossed the ceiling.

After a moment, she sat up. Janice was now at work upon Fatima with her tongue and Maria, bending over Janice's supine figure, was performing the same service for that lady, her left hand at work between her own thighs. There was but a small amount of liquid left in the bottle, and Anna drank it, noting with interest the subtle difference in flavour between it and the stuff she had imbibed from Janice's spigot.

Then, leaving the empty bottle upon the floor, Anna crawled over behind Maria. Insinuating herself between her friend's legs and resting her upper body upon her elbows, gently pressed Maria's fingers away from their moist object and took over with her tongue. Fatima moaned and shuddered, collapsing on top of Janice's face and breathing heavily, a foolish grin upon her normally ladylike visage.

***

Anna awoke some hours later. The moon had passed to the other side of the house and the fire had gone out, so the room was in complete darkness; it took her a moment to remember where she was. Even when the day's -- and, especially, the evening's -- events returned to her, she did not know which of her new friends it was who lay across her hips, preventing her from moving. It was not this immobility that had awakened her, however; it was actually rather comfortable to have another human as naked as herself so close to her upon the giant bed.

No, it was the warm flow of liquid across her lower body, and she smiled in the darkness as she realized exactly what the source if it must be. It is impossible, after imbibing as much as these four had in a single evening, to go to bed entirely empty; indeed, Anna realized, her own bladder contained a large quantity of this same secretion. Incapable of taking herself elsewhere even had she desired it, Anna closed her eyes, sighed, and set free her own small torrent into the cloth-covered straw.

