The Farmer's Daughters, chap 3

16th March 2005, 06:28 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is chapter 3, What do you all think, so far?

The Farmers Daughter's Part C

Ginger thought for a second and realized that she'd been caught doing something that she usually got away with. She could normally walk around the house in wet panties and not worry about it. Heck, she had seen Lisa do it plenty of times and there was a kind of an unwritten rule between the two sisters to just let it go. Mom, however, was a little different and although she new she could get sympathy, her first reaction was to deny it and blame it on an errant water faucet. Instead she came up with « not really, I was just in a hurry when I got up this morning to pee and dribbled a little, that's all». She hoped it would work but her mother eyed her crotch area suspiciously.

Linda new what the stain represented and had seen plenty of them before. They had been in her own clothing as well as the girls and she still did the laundry sometimes. It was a common stain from time to time in all of their panties, shorts and jeans. She didn't know if the girls should, but they were definitely following in her footsteps. She decided to let the matter drop. It was also a little hard to correct your children for something they knew you did regularly. «Honey you should probably go change before one of your sisters comes in and notices».

«Oh, ok mom» Ginger volunteered as she turned her back and walked down the hallway. She passed Lisa coming toward the kitchen still wondering how her mother would explain away her own wetting and it was no «dribble».

Linda watched her daughter leaving the room while Lisa entered and noticed how the discoloration on her baby doll panty had wicked up her bottom crack. No question, Ginger had completely wet herself and was comfortable doing it as well. She was becoming more casual about her accidents and those blue panties were never going to hide a thing.

«Morning mom» Lisa said as she reached for an orange juice. Lisa had been listening and had heard it all before. She knew her mom would get a little concerned but then always drop the issue before it went to far. She had received her own lectures especially over the last several years, when it started happening to her more often.

Lisa thought back to the times they had all been at the beach. The toilets at the beach where they usually hung out had been really dirty and her mom had taught them to just pee in the water. That was really a convenience except that as she got older it seemed that her mother didn't even bother to walk that far. She was becoming a lot more conscious of peoples bodies and realized that she was the daughter of a women who really had a body. Many women had curves, but when her mother changed into a swimsuit everyone could see a lot more than just a pretty face. Lisa always noticed people, especially men staring at her mother's butt. She was also beginning to notice her mother's idiosyncrasies.

She began thinking back to one day at the beach, early in the spring when the water was still to cold for swimming. It had been a sunny warm day and they had decided to ware their swimsuits. Her mom had worn last years rose colored one piece. It was a little faded and maybe been heated too much in the dryer until it fit a little tight. They had arrived about mid morning and planned on spending most of the day at the unusually crowded public beach. A small cooler provided beverages and a snack so that they could spend the time on their beach towels and sand chairs. A couple of magazines broke the monotony and the latest issue of «People» could occupy her mother for hours.

About mid afternoon her mom had gotten up from their blanket and while slipping on her high heeled sandals, suggested that since they'd drank the beverages they brought with them, why not make a trip to the refreshment stand a couple of blocks away. Lisa was thinking of getting to her feet too when she happened to glance at her mother standing in front of her. She almost casually noticed that the crotch of her mother's swimsuit was wet. There was an obvious stain surrounding her mound. Had she wet herself? In a second she realized that it was not just one stain but a nearly dried discoloration surrounding a wetter one. The latest wetting was not too old either.

She also was aware that her mother's pussy lips were swollen and separated as well, what her friends called «camels feet». In a second Lisa realized that her beautiful mother had peed not just once but twice in her swimsuit while sitting on her beach blanket. Maybe she had been so engrossed reading her book that she had forgotten to go pee. What was worse though, she now thought nothing of having wet her pants and was just standing there with her legs spread about a foot or so apart. Lisa began thinking to herself that if her mother didn't care why should she. Little did she know that in the next half hour she was going to be taught just «what a beautiful women could get away with» by someone who had all the looks. Lisa could only say «great lets go» and so while her mother waited, she put on her own shoes. They started off.

Linda walked a little ahead of her daughter and while Lisa quickly caught up she had a chance to check out the seat of her mother's swimsuit. The faded rose color hid nothing and both of her wettings were quite obvious. The first was almost dry from the warm sun and might not have been too noticeable by itself, but when it started drying had discolored the fabric. A line started at the middle of each thigh and stretched to a point half way up her bottom crack. Her second wetting was still wet and somewhat inside the first stain. She couldn't believe that her mother didn't realize her condition and surely must have consciously wet herself. Even worse, everyone or at least many would know she had wet in her swimsuit.

It wasn't long before Lisa received a wake up call. Almost immediately she caught people either, staring at her mother, stealing glances at her crotch or changing facial expressions. The guys were worse. Some did nothing or just took notice. Others tried not to notice but couldn't ignore what they were looking at. What really caught her attention and caused her to mature on the spot were the few guys that quickly developed bulges in their shorts or swimwear. The speed of that happening was something new.

They slowly walked to the stand talking in turn about other people, events or sights that they came across. Her mother never said a word about the stain surrounding her crotch and only when they were at the counter, waiting for their cokes, did she notice her mother bend slightly at the hips, look at her crotch and reach down to pull her suit loose from her pussy where it had gotten lodged. She looked up to catch Lisa and their eyes met. Her mom had smiled that seductive smile she always used when she wanted to send a message and they both knew everything at that point.

Lisa loved the attention that her mother got, even as it spilled over to her. This was interesting and needed exploring further. Lisa had noticed that her mother sometimes wet her pants before. She had seen her mother walking around the house in either wet pants or pants with a dried stain on them. Several times she had watched her coming home from shopping with a splotched, plate sized wet or dry stain on the back of a skirt or dress. Her mother always explained it as the result of a stretched bladder from having children. She noticed that she was never in a hurry to change and sometimes didn't until she went to bed.

The trip to the refreshment stand had been an experience and one that would come back to her many times. Standing there drinking her juice, her mind returned to the present. She saw her mother standing at the sink wearing faded and peed jeans drinking coffee, very unconcerned and Lisa knew the reason she was going down the path she was on.

A trip to the beach was on the plan for today and she needed to hurry. The girls were picking her up at noon.

