Just can't bring myself to!

18th July 2006, 12:45 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Make her wet, that is...

See - the thing is I actually love and respect this lady. She is painfully shy about peeing, though has gotten herself into a few situations recently where her control - and my self control, have been challenged. This happened on Sunday. Must share this one with you. Apologies AGAIN for the fact that it's not a short tale, but this has a happy ending - as far as my lady is concerned anyway"

There's a pub a few miles away from us that has live music most nights, but on two nights a week holds what we call «Open Mike» sessions - people turn up with their voices and instruments and every one gets a go, with the end result being one big jamming session with three or four guitars, bass, drums sax - whatever! Brilliant entertainment.

Anyway, if we are to do these evenings without one of us driving we have to use the train, which means using a small rural station. This station has no facilities, and worse (From my lady's point of view) involves the use of a footbridge - something she's not too keen on, especially if the bridge has open slats and she can see the track beneath. She'll go up and across with help, but getting her down the other side is a challenge. She just don't like heights and bridges!

Last night was a good «un. She drinks the Black Stuff - Guinness, and drinks properly, by the pint, in respectful quantity. As the evening wore on, her singing gets better, we dance, I join the musos for s few with a borrowed acoustic, and all is merry and bright. I love watching her socialise, she's a really outgoing friendly person. She loves to hear me play - we have fun!

Our options for a train ride home at the end of the evening are limited to two - one that leaves about 20 minutes after the pub closes, with another final one some 50 minutes after that if we miss the earlier one. Being a devious sod, I was keeping an eye on her bathroom trips. She'll generally go once after about 4 or 5 pints, and sometimes not again until we get home! Breaking the seal with her does not always mean frequent trips thereafter. I was wondering, given that she's a sociable lady, and one who hates to leave an event without saying goodbye to everyone we have met during the evening, just how likely it would be that we could catch the earlier train.

And what might occur if we missed it! Now don't get me wrong - I love this person dearly and respect her as much as I love her, but I can't resist the temptation to challenge her bladder if I can do so discretely. Last night she was wearing a long, button through white linen dress. Big brown buttons and a wide belt. This lady does not do bad outfits - she looks stunning every time. Trust me. Long dark hair, loose for a change, ankle high boots. Gorgeous - we both knew it!

As I thought, we get set to leave as time is called at the bar, and have a 10 minute walk to the station. Two things are on my mind, as well as the devious bit. One, her reaction to fresh air when we get outside, and two, the bridge. Fresh air can accelerate the effects of alcohol and the worst case scenario is a recumbent form, 5'8" medium build, who needs carrying to the station. The best I can hope for is a cuddle, some loving words, a review of the evening and a warning of impending sleep! She has been to the loo once, and on a second occasion looked to be heading that way before being side-tracked by someone. By the time she escaped, it was time to leave".

And: By the time we leave, I know that the first train will not leave with us on it. I also know that the pub is now shut, and we have to wait - on a warm summer night, it's true, for almost an hour until the last train home. We weave our way through the village, exchanging small talk and reviewing the evening. The fresh air has had some effect, but she's still lucid and cuddly. I remind her of the bridge, and she tells me that it'll be OK because I can help her. We reach the station, climb the steps to the platform and approach the bridge. She takes hold of a handrail, grips me tightly around the waist and we climb, go across at a steady pace, then face the steps down.

Her legs start to shake at this point - this is something I have seen before on bridges, but this time I get a whimper, and she says «I'm sorry baby - we stuck for a bit and I need to go loo» Now. Admissions of a need to go are rare, and made in an emergency. This is not the time to point out that we have an age to wait; I have to get her down to the correct platform first. I am, strangely, dreading her wetting herself through fear at this point, as her legs shake and we make our way down, slowly one step at a time. At the bottom, I turn and embrace her, she holds me too - «don't squeeze - I need to go loo» I know now that she's pretty well gone, because the language reverts to a rather child like state - very economical - when she's pissed.

I tell her that she might have to hang on until the train arrives because there are no toilets on the station. «Need to go» she said. Dipping slightly at the waist. I guide her to the rather primitive shelter and we sit down. Then, I explain that going back over the bridge, out of the station, around the back to a yard is one option if she's really desperate, the other is to squat right here, or wait.

The prospect of the bridge being negotiated without her pissing herself is not one I rate highly, and she as good as agreed with me, by saying that she might not make it over without peeing herself. She decides to brazen it out, so for a while we sit holding hands, chatting while she has one leg crossed over the other, the top one swinging back and forth rapidly. I'm not praying for an accident, because, having experienced one before, the aftermath of these things is never pleasant. What I'm interested in is her control - and after about 10 minutes, I get an indication that she's worried about losing it.

«We go back over now please»

«You sure, baby?» She knows what I'm getting at - will she get over without wetting. Her response is that she can't go on the platform, there's no cover, and she can't wait until the train arrives, so there's no real choice but to find somewhere and pee - or wet herself trying to find somewhere. Not said in so many words, you understand, but that's the gist of it.

We stand up and go back to the bridge. There's still more than half an hour to the train, and to be honest, I could use a leak too, so up the steps we go. Pause at the top as a train going the other way thunders through - this I thought was going to do for here there and then, but with crossed legs and a tight grip on me, she holds on. Whimpering, but still in one piece.

Across the bridge, eyes shut, and I guide her down. «Quickly baby» she pleads. «Need to go now, we have to hurry».

Along the other platform, down the stairs to ground level, under the railway and double back into an old disused goods yard. It's dark, which is the best that can be said for it. She stands there with crossed legs, her childlike voice on the verge of tears. «There's nowhere to go» she cries. «Where can I go» She is again dipping at the waist - never holds herself, just crossed legs and dipping - with the swinging leg if sat down. I have never once seen her hold herself!

I face her, shush her gently, kiss her and tell her to trust me. Whispering gently that everything will be fine, that nobody will see - not even me, I ask her to undo two or three buttons at the bottom of her dress. «You do it baby» she says, hands clasped in front of her. I undo the buttons, up to around her waist so that her dress can be held behind her.

«Now, we should remove your panties. OK? Trust me, you need to have them dry, we can keep your dress dry too, but it's easier if we take these off» I have my hand inside of her dress and on her waist. I also have a raging erection, but this «aint the time or the place.

«Need to go toilet»! she says, and her thighs start to quiver. «OK - lets get these out of the way» I said. And hooking my thumbs inside of her panties, slid them down, crouched and managed to get her to step out of them. She has not yet leaked by the way, I put the still dry panties into my pocket and stand up again.

«Mmmmm» she murmurs - this is not arousal, it's desperation! «I'll go behind you, OK? I can keep your dress out of the way; you can squat down and go. OK baby?»

Behind her, I let her squat and put some of her weight against me. She whimpers again as finally, she gives in and lets her pee flow. «I'm wetting myself» she cries, pitifully. «No baby, you're fine, you just have to go outside for a change. You're doing fine.»

Her flow increases, and remains at full pelt for more than 40 seconds. Some of it splatters around us as the force increases, but with her dress held high out of the way, I manage to keep her clothing dry. She asks twice whether I can see her going. I can't, though I can see the puddle and hear the hissing as she pisses forcefully. I tell her no, everything's fine, and she's doing great. Eventually the flow dies to a trickle, and stops. We stand and I let the dress fall back around her. «I'm wet» she said. «Need a tissue». I give her a tissue and she takes a few steps away from me, wipes and throws it away. Finally, she turns, embraces me saying «Thank you baby- I don't like to do that - I get ever so embarrassed if I can't wait» I tell her again that she was fine, these things happen. I then offer her her dry panties and while she puts them on, excuse myself and take a leaf myself.

