Long-Distance Runner

10th August 2011, 05:02 AM

Author: wcp8338

Location: West Coast (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner

******

Well, Chelsea thought as she lay bound and blindfolded in the trunk of the car, I have to say, I probably brought this on myself.

For starters Chelsea was quite the prankster. Almost none of her friends had escaped her practical jokes and horseplay. Buckets of water on doors, plastic wrap across the toilet, cardboard across doors; it was all in good fun for Chelsea.

Second, Chelsea was maybe the most arrogant cross-country runner at the school. Despite her small size, she had incredible endurance and a startling turn of speed when she wanted. She had left Eugene, Oregon, her hometown and running capital of the world, because she didn't want to be a second-string runner at U of O for her first two years. Instead she'd vaulted straight into the top two at her small midwest liberal arts college. With three more years of eligibility ahead of her, she figured she'd dominate the conference. For training she went running on the back roads around her middle-of-nowhere school, and she bragged that if someone set her down anywhere in a five-mile radius she could make her way back to school.

It would appear that her friends were putting that theory to the test...

She'd gotten dressed for her run, tank top over sports bra and running shorts. She'd walked out the door of her dorm room, turned to go to the bathroom, and suddenly there'd been a bag over her head, and she'd been picked up by what seemed like a dozen people, rushed out of the dorm, and set (gently) down in the trunk of a car with her hands duct-taped behind her. The car then drove, and drove, and drove.

She'd panicked for a moment before recognizing a barely-suppressed giggle as belonging to one of her teammates. Then she'd relaxed and accepted it as fair play. The only problem was that she'd never gotten to use the bathroom before the abduction, and her bladder was starting to fill up.

No, strike that -- it was full. She'd gone before lunch, then had lunch, then gone straight to class, then the next class, then gone straight back to the room to change for her run... the juice she'd had at lunch had therefore had about four hours to work its way through her. Not a problem, ordinarily -- if she'd had a chance to go!

She didn't have any problem being dropped off at the side of the road and forced to run back -- it was a great prank, considering her brag -- but she did wish that they'd hurry up and pull over so she could get started.

Finally (it seemed a long time) the car stopped. The numerous hands lifted her out, set her on her feet, set what sounded like her water bottle on the ground beside her, and then ripped the duct tape off her wrists. A moment later the car's engine gunned.

Chelsea pulled the bag off her head, turning to catch a glimpse of the car vanish over a rise. She thought she recognized it, but then, she knew it was her friends anyway.

She considered her situation. She had, in her possession:

Student ID/entry card, 1

Watch, 1

Running shorts, 1 pair

Running shoes, 1 pair

Tank top, 1

Sports bra, 1

Hair scrunchie, 1

Full water bottle, 1

Full bladder, 1.

She looked around. The road seemd familiar, but to be honest she could be anywhere in the midwest: fields plowed for spring, nothing growing yet, farmhouses in the distance, gently rolling countryside, the occasional lone tree.

Let's see, where would campus be? She knew east and west because of the sun, but only roughly. And she wasn't sure if they'd taken her north or south, since they'd wound around so much. She wasn't even sure she could trust them to be driving straight back to campus. She decided to take the risk, though, and started jogging in the direction the car had gone. At least, she figured, she'd hit a main road before too long.

Running with a full bladder was not pleasant, but Chelsea knew that she only had about an hour and a half of daylight left. Running on these roads was fine in daylight but incredibly risky at night. Plus it was cool out, and would get colder. She'd need to run just to stay warm. An hour would probably be enough time to get back to school, if she didn't make any wrong turns. So she had to get moving.

Before she came to any major roads, she was beginning to think about how she could pee. Back in hippie-infested Eugene, squatting had never been a serious problem, she'd done it a dozen times; but out here in the Bible belt, people could get strange. Besides, back in Eugene there were trees to hide behind. Here, the only trees were pretty solitary; hiding behind them was essentially impossible, and would require going onto someone's land. Which people also got more picky about out here.

No, the safest thing to do would be to just get back to campus as quick as she could.

First intersection -- and it had a road sign, thank goodness. Not that she recognized the road names right away. She guessed, though, that she was south of campus, so she had to go left.

Keeping the setting sun to her left, she jogged hopefully northward, trying not to think of the time bomb in her groin. I've got time, she told herself. The trick was to focus on anything else. She concentrated on her breathing. She concentrated on her form, until she needed to shorten stride enough to avoid jostling. She concentrated on her plans for finding out who all had been involved in this particular effort, so she could congratulate them, and then plot revenge.

She plotted vengeance for what she estimated was a mile and a half. A slow mile, but hey, she usually wasn't lost and bursting. Because that's what she was now, she had to admit. Running was getting harder still, but she was used to pushing herself through discomfort -- although rarely of this kind. Maybe if she just let a little out...? She pictured this. Her shorts today were sky-blue, and a wet patch would stand out pretty clearly. The Bible Belters sometimes looked at her disapprovingly for how much thigh she showed under her shorts. Wetting herself would not win their approval. It might attract attention she didn't want, either; she'd occasionally noticed guys driving past, then turning around to drive past her again. Times like that she remembered that she was a fairly small girl, well away from anyone else.

She held it, and kept running.

Another half-mile went by before she hit a road -- and she groaned and rejoiced simultaneously. The road was one she knew, and ran on often, and placed her firmly south of campus: that was the good news. The bad news was that she didn't recognize this stretch of the road, meaning she was well south, further south than she'd ever gone. In fact it meant that she'd gotten turned around and maybe even run away from campus for a while... Well, no time to waste. She turned left and kept going.

It did help that now she had no need to turn. All she had to do was stay on the road, and it would drop her off at campus. Eventually.

Another mile. Still nothing recognizable. She'd now been out for three and a half miles, give or take -- a short run for her, but she was moving more slowly because of the jostling. It was getting harder and harder! More than half an hour of torturing her poor bladder with the running. She wanted to pee. God, she wanted to pee. Just stop, squat, let it all out... but there were more cars on this road now, and she couldn't, didn't dare.

Suddenly she felt a warm drop on her leg. Panicked, she stopped and inspected herself. No, she'd imagined it... but she suddenly felt sure that she would start spurting before too long. Waves of anxiety washed over her. She wanted to jam a hand down between her legs like a kid. She crossed her legs instead, looking about. Was she on the right road? Was she going the right way? Was there anywhere...?

She calmed herself. The answers were yes, yes, and not really -- but there were woods visible now, over half a mile away but in the right direction. Yes! The environmental center! College-owned, lots of trees, cover. If she could just make it there...

She ran on, carefully but making progress. It took her a lot longer to get there than normal, but she toiled up the gentle rise, reflecting that the only part of her that was really getting a worthwhile workout was her groin...

At last the environmental center's trees were close. She nearly wept for joy as she peeled off the road and ran toward them...

Then she really did weep, in frustration, as she realized the place was all over students. No one she knew, as far as she could tell, but it looked like a professor had a bio class out doing something -- bird-watching, maybe. Squatting safely behind a college-owned tree was now out of the question.

Gritting her teeth and clamping down more, Chelsea kept going, plowing along. The only good the center had done was tell her she didn't have far to go. And yes, indeed, there was campus! Too distant to do her any good yet, but it meant that the fields she was passing by now were college-owned. Oh, if only the grass was higher... but there were trees, if she could just get to them.

The sudden honk of a passing car made her jump, and when she landed the impact made her wet.

She had a fraction-of-a-second's glimpse of a car full of friends speeding past. Not the ones who'd abducted her, just other people she knew, wishing her well, not realizing what they'd done... pretending to wait for the traffic, Chelsea looked down and inspected the damage. Substantial. Obvious. Not huge, not as much as it would be if she let the rest out, but pretty clear...

A gap in traffic let her through, and she trotted across. Woods. Right over there. Shelter. Cover. Just a little farther...

Another spurt joined the first. No more time.

She glanced around. No cover -- but there was one advantage: space. There simply wasn't anyone in view. And simple distance could hide her as well as anything else, even if she was still in someone's line of sight...

She dropped into a crouch, and dropped her shorts a second later. Her pee fired forward, spraying the ankle-length grass. A long, hot piss, the one she'd been aching for for hours. Such a good feeling after such torture.

Vastly relieved, she ran the rest of the way back to campus, conscious that her wet spot would not dry in the cold. She'd just have to be fast through the buildings. If she could just get inside quicky, she might even pull this off undetected.

She didn't quite sprint through campus proper, but she was moving fast. Fetching her key card from its little pouch, she jogged up the steps, swiped the door, pushed inside... hurry, before anyone saw her damp crotch...

A cheer went up from five or six of her friends, waiting for her in the lobby, a cheer that cut off a bit more raggedly than normal as they took in the unmistakeable dark patch at her crotch, as they realized what they'd inflicted on her...

