Her special lotion

5th June 2009, 09:36 PM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

When I was younger, I was dating a girl who had a really annoying roommate. (We'll call her "Sally") Sally was a little paler and chubbier than I normally like, but in a kind of curvy, sensual way. She really aggravated me, but she really was sexy in this way that's hard to describe. Have you ever met someone who totally annoyed you but in a way that turned you on? It was like I just wanted to fuck some sense into this girl.

Anyway, one morning I was taking a shower at my girlfriend's place. The previous night, we had all been drinking, and Sally had gotten into a big huff and really annoyed both my girlfriend and I.

I looked over at the sink, and I saw this special cream Sally swore by. She absolutely loved it, and used it at least twice a day on her face, neck, chest, arms. Sally had this almost translucent, incredibly soft skin. It was like baby skin. I know because a couple years later I did wind up fucking her once.

I was so aggravated that I grabbed the bottle of lotion and unscrewed the top. The neck was wide enough that I actually could fit my dick into the bottle. That alone was kind of hot, but then I let out a little squirt of piss, and clenched it off. I was getting so turned on by this idea that I let out ANOTHER squirt of piss. I pulled out and came right away.

I was simultaneously turned on and worried about how much piss I had let out into her lotion. I stuck the end of a toothbrush in the bottle and mixed the piss in, until you couldn't even see it. I washed off the toothbrush in the sink and replaced everything back to normal.

Over the next couple days, I felt SO guilty. To this day, this is something I would never do again. It definitely crossed a boundary.

But a few days later, my girlfriend was telling her to wash the dishes, when she stepped out of the bathroom. She was the lotion on her hands, and was rubbing into her face. "Whatever, I did the dishes last time," she shouted back, and I almost came in my pants. However wrong it was, here she was rubbing my piss deep into white, baby soft skin. I know for a fact she used the lotion on her tits too.

I've jacked off so many times since then thinking about her rubbing my piss all over her face and tits...

