Helen - 1

24th November 2005, 05:36 PM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

HELEN - THE BATH

Helen made sure that the bathroom door was locked before she started to undress. Removing all her clothes she then made her way over to the bath. However, rather than filling the bath with warm water ready to bath, Helen had something completely different in her mind. Her bladder was now bursting with the need to pee and she had every intention of doing her piss into the bath rather than use the toilet. To make her pee even more enjoyable, Helen had placed a large narrow mirror along the bath floor. As she came to squat her entire naked body down in the bath with feet either side of the mirror, Helen gazed down between her slender erect breasts, at the reflection below. Clearly visible was the sight of her nude buttocks and pussy nestled between her legs hovering over her reflection.

Slowly Helen let the feeling in her bladder sweep down to her waiting pussy. She gasped with thrill when a second later the hot yellow spray erupted from her cunt and started to arch downwards to the mirror reflection moving to meet itself. Whilst peeing in the bath, spraying the mirror below her in a torrent of her warm piss, Helen marvelled at the sight of being able to watch as she pissed over the mirror. This was a completely different way to urinate in a place she shouldn't, watching as her golden shower pattered over its reflection in the mirror before forming a trickling stream down to the bath plug hole.

Wanting to increase the thrill of peeing in the bath even further, Helen started to rise from her squatting position, hot pee still gushing out of her pussy. As she stood, it became harder and harder to keep on peeing. Hot yellow piss was spraying everywhere as it escaped Helen's black hared pussy. Her white legs where covered in drops of pee whilst the bath .as a mess of yellow stains where Helen's piss had landed. Between her legs, the golden torrent of her urine was still gushing forth; falling in an almost straight line to the bath floor below.

The hiss and patter of Helen's pee was loud in the small enclosed room and she was glad the house was empty. She could just imagine what somebody would see if they peeped through the keyhole at this moment in time. They would be greeted with the sight of Helen's naked body standing in the bath, being able to see her succulent breasts and red nipples and also the sight of her curved womanly bum exposed along with the view of the triangle of blacks hairs nestled between her legs. From her mass of her pubic hairs, they would be easily able to witness Helen peeing into the bath.

The thick yellow squirting torrent of hot urine escaping Helen's body was still flowing down to cover the bottom of the bath in a flowing golden shower. Helen's attention was still focused on the mirror, seeing her piss flowing down over the mirror meeting its reflection at the glass.

By now Helen was almost empty. As the pee stream escaping her pussy slit began to dwindle Helen dropped back into a squatting position to savour the last of her piss. With one last quick burst of pee from her cunt and out into the bath, Helen finally finished her toilet.

SHOWER

Helen was in the shower when the urge to pee became noticeable. Stopping from washing her breasts with the sponge, Helen parted her legs slightly and waited whilst the feeling of relief swept down from her bladder to her waiting pussy lips. Instantly a golden spray of hot yellow piss erupted from Helen's black haired cunt and began to form a flowing yellow arch down to the cubicle floor. Her spent pee mixed with the shower water around her feet before vanishing down the drain.

Helen watched herself as she peed in the shower, seeing the golden arch spraying out of her vagina before falling in a golden waterfall to the floor below. Lifting one foot up she brought it into her golden stream feeling the thrill as she felt the warm spray run over her foot as she peed over it. Having an idea Helen moved the sponge in her hand down to her pussy. Stopping her piss stream for one second Helen moved the sponge directly under her slit and issued the instruction to her bladder to start pissing again.

Instantly her golden pee started to squirt out of her cunt again, this time falling directly into the sponge. Helen peed over the sponge for several more seconds. Stopping her leak again Helen waited until she had stopped squirting her piss until she brought the pee sodden sponge up to her chests. Pressing the sponge against her body she marvelled to the way the warm urine leaking out of the sponge felt as it trickled down her body, over her erect breasts and down her legs. As soon as the sponge was empty Helen immediately held it back up to her pussy and wasted no time by emptying the rest of her bladder contents into the absorptive material. Hot pee flowed down her legs as her piss stream over filled the sponge and started to rain down over the cubicle floor again. As soon as she had finished pissing Helen repeated the process of emptying the sponge's golden contents over her body.

