One Wonderful Night 2 continued

28th October 2010, 09:20 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

This is the continuation of the previous story. Sorry its taken a while but have been busy driving all over the UK and most evenings just want to get my head down, but thought it was about time to put thoughts down on paper again. As I've said before this is a work of fiction but based on real memories from the past. Who knows maybe I'll be lucky enough one day to relive them again, one can hope and pray I suppose. Still back to the story

She lay there quivering and twitching, never before had she experienced such a powerful orgasm It crossed her mind as she came down from her orgasmic high, when that is she could think at all.

Why oh why had she stopped herself from going over the edge all those times before. She had nearly always got to a point in her orgasm when she had felt the need to pee so had always brought herself back from the edge still enjoying a strong orgasm but something had always not been quite right, but now she knew what it was to squirt,

She released her grip on his dick and rubbed the palm of her hand across her pulsating pussy feeling how slippery it felt covered in her come juice. Wiping some of it up with her hand she bought it up to her lips and tasted it. It wasn't pee, she looked at her hand to double check but it definitely wasn't pee it was a totally clear liquid thicker than pee and tasted really sweet. She looked up at his face and saw the smile in his eyes. «You knew that wasn't pee didn't you?» She asked. He just smiled and nodded. Took her into his arms and kissed her gently holding her while she shook and came down to earth again.

Then slowly he kissed his way down her body starting off by giving her butterfly kisses all over her face licking up the drops of pee left over from his spray of pee that had soaked them as they kissed before. His lips traced the line of her chin then down onto her neck. He spent a while nuzzling her neck again tasting his pee on her before allowing himself the pleasure of sitting back and looking down at her drinking in the sight of her naked flesh. Seeing as if for the first time the swell of her breasts. He took each breast in his hands cupping them and running his thumbs gently over her nipples feeling their rubbery hardness and watching as the discs of her nipples crinkled slightly and her nipples stiffen. Saw her catch her breath as she felt his thumbs.

Leaning forward he kissed and licked his way around each breast pushing them up slightly so as to be able to send the tip of his tongue along the underside of her breasts then up each side as far as her armpits before licking back towards her nipples but not touching them. Licking all around them then turning the licks into little love bites sucking her flesh into his lips not hard enough to mark but hard enough for her to feel his teeth as he gently bit at her. Then suddenly just when she got used to his gentle biting, he sucked her nipple into his mouth rolling it with his lips his tongue flicking too and fro over it, his hand holding her breast squeezing it gently, with his other hand he took her other nipple and rolled it between his finger and thumb pulling on it until it was pulling her breast so the weight of it was being supported by the grip of his finger and thumb changing its shape from smooth round to conical.

She lay there watching him seeing his face change expression as he took in the sight of her, closing her eyes she relaxed back onto the bed as he took her into his arms again. Felt the first fleeting kisses on her face as he started his journey down her body. It felt wonderful to just lay there and let the sensations flow she tried to guess where his tongue or fingers were going to touch next.

Feeling the bed move as he knelt up she gasped as she felt his hands on her breasts. She willed him to play with her nipples and almost felt a tang of annoyance when he stopped rubbing them with his thumbs then tried to move herself into the way of his tongue as he licked and nibbled his way round them. When he started to bite her she worried for a fleeting instance but then surrendered to the feelings as she felt the electric like shocks spreading from her breasts to her spine and on down to her crutch.

She could feel her outer lips start to swell again and felt the coolness of the air inside her vulva as her inner lips separated slightly as they swelled with desire. When he tugged at her nipples finally with his fingers on one and his lips on the other she felt her pussy get wetter her juices bubbling from her, running down between her ass cheeks and across her crinkled back hole tickling slightly as it did. Without realising she placed the soles of her feet together bent her knees and allowed her legs to fall open spreading herself even wider.

When he felt her knee rest against his he lifted his head away from her nipple and looked down loving the sight of her pussy, the way her lips had swollen and parted. Her pussy looked so pretty to him her inner lips crinkled and swollen darker than the surrounding flesh, her clit growing even as he watched, he loved the way it slowly stuck its head out from under its hood. Her juices glistened in the low light beckoning to him. He gave into the urge and started to kiss and lick his way down her stomach her flesh still tasting of his pee. Sweet but a wee bit acidic he alternated his licking from wide broad strokes of his tongue so he could gather as much of the taste as he could to just letting the very tip of his tongue stroke across her flesh, the downy hairs on her tickling his tongue.

Eventually he reached the top of her pussy but instead of attacking it straight away he licked his way down first one side then the other in the creases where her legs joined her body. He could still taste his pee from where she had aimed it earlier but this time he could also taste another taste. It was sweeter than anything he had tasted before also felt thicker and more slippery under his tongue. He spent ages licking everywhere he could cleaning her of the come she had squirted before but never allowing himself to lick inside of her inner lips.

All the while he was doing this he kept his left hand at her breast alternately playing with her nipple and massaging the whole breast. Her hands by now were gripping the sheets either side of her tugging at them occasionally when his tongue or fingers hit a particular spot or other. He noticed this out of the corner of his eye and made a mental note each time he saw her tug at the sheets, his way of learning where her pleasure points were.

Finally when he thought she was getting to the point of being frustrated by his slowness he plunged his tongue as far as he could into her pussy wiggling it in a circular motion he tried to touch every square millimetre of the entrance to her vagina pushing his head as hard as he could against her he stuck his tongue deeper into her pussy than she had ever had one pushed before.

When his tongue started to get painful at its base he pulled back and licked up her pussy again this time stopping and sucking her inner lips into his mouth and chewing lightly on them, then on up to her clit which he sucked into his lips and started to strum just the tip with the end of his tongue. While he was doing this his hands weren't idle. Collecting as much juice as possible onto his fingers he then pushed first one then two then finally a third finger into her. His little finger he flicked back and forth across her ass hole before finally pushing against the resistance and sliding it inside.

Kneeling up he started to curl and uncurl his fingers so the tips of the three inside her pussy were rubbing back and forth over her g spot. With his thumb he rolled her clit side to side. He then lent forward and took her nipple back into his mouth suckling at it and flicking at it with his tongue. Her hips started to fuck against his hand and he could feel the inside of her pussy starting to grip down on his fingers as he rubbed against her insides. His whole arm was moving now as he massaged her insides faster and faster she let go of the sheets and reached up and pulled the pillow to her mouth biting down on it gasping louder and louder as her explosion got nearer her screams muffled in the pillow.

With one final scream she arched her back so her whole body was lifted away from the bed only her shoulders and feet in contact with it. She gripped his wrist and pushed his hand away and as she did so squirted a squirt of come fully across the room this squirt followed by three more each lessening in strength until she collapsed back onto the bed her whole body in a spasm of pleasure. Curling onto her side she pulled him into her arms and held on tight as she twitched and gasped.

Her body had a mind of its own and as she calmed she felt her bladder let go but could do nothing about it just lay there in a daze, as the sheet under them soaked up the pee she could feel it spread up her body and even this was such a pleasure to her. As every nerve in her body seemed alive the warmth of the spreading pee sending repeat shocks through her frame.

More to follow when I get the chance.

May all that's good watch over you and yours. All the best Smokie.

PS. Sorry if the grammar and punctuation is a bit off but I write it down as I remember it and am nowhere near a proper writer but would gratefully accept any comments on the stories so far. Thank god for spell checker is all I can say hehehe.

