Feria Pee (fiction)

14th December 2009, 10:59 AM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

A woman wearing a tight white dress with a miniskirt stood out in the crowd. She walked on the other side of the street in the opposite direction of mine. She had big breasts and dark hair that reached down to her shoulders. She noticed that I looked at her. She walked past a window of a ticket office and she looked into the window. I saw her face in the reflection.

This fall I was on vacation in a town in the south of Spain at a time when a fair was held there. Feria is the Spanish word for fair or amusement park and a feria comprises e.g. roller coasters, dodgem car tracks, tents with cafes, stands, and booths. In the stands and booths leather goods, toys, sweets, pastries or fruits are sold or simple food is served. I walked in a street in the fairgrounds when I discovered the woman.

I passed her, continued my stroll, and stopped at a stand where churros, a form of deep-fried pastries, were sold. I bought a churro with vanilla (uh-oh, 2.5 Euros, not what I call cheap!). Then I tried a roller coaster. I started thinking of the woman in white, and the reflection of her in the ticket office window. Did she look into the window to see if I was still looking at her? Perhaps it might be interesting to see if I could get in contact with her in some way. I decided to look for her.

After a while I found her. She was together with a few people and was looking at a dodgem car track for children. I noticed that she was leaning against a railing with one leg discreetly in front of the other. Suddenly she slipped her hand discreetly in the direction of her stomach and pressed it against her "front bottom". She glanced guiltily around her. She saw me, and I raised my eyebrows and smiled. First she looked a bit uncertain, but then she smiled back at me. Perhaps she had seen that I had noted her pee desperation, and maybe she guessed that I was interested in such things? Then she was again immersed in the dodgem car rides. After a while the dodgems stopped, and she stepped on to the track. It looked as though she helped a child into the seat of a dodgem.

I strolled in the surroundings while she was busy on the track. After a while she stepped out of the track and returned to the others and then they left the track together. Didn't they want to look? Yes, they went up to the top of a hill with a fine view of the track. I followed them and positioned myself behind them in front of an empty booth on the other side of the street.

She bent over her friends with her hands on the shoulders of two of them and looked above and past them down at the track. I looked at her short skirt. Because of her position it was drawn so high up that I could almost see her knickers.

Suddenly she lifted her hands, moved them down to her skirt, and placed one hand on each side of her skirt. Was she going to correct the position of her skirt? Pull it a little farther down, perhaps? It would be appropriate! She seemed to be a proper lady who in spite of her daring dress knew exactly where the limit of decency went and did what was needed to keep inside of it! I felt proud on her behalf. And I blamed myself: Like a no good scoundrel I was standing behind her peeping at her and in particular at her mini skirt and was thinking about lady's underwear and the worse including unmentionable things of the most intimate feminine nature. I had better pull myself together and leave these people alone and get home at once and stop thinking about things like that!

To my surprise, however, she did not pull her skirt farther down, but put her fingers up under it on each side. Then she struggled a bit to free herself from the people she was bending over and used her hands to pull downward. Now something white was appearing between her legs below the skirt's hem. I realized that it was her knickers! With her fingers she had caught hold of them under her skirt and pulled them down. Now she moved her hands behind her skirt below the hem of her skirt and touched her knickers probably to check if they were far enough down to be in view. She glanced back at me. I stood spellbound. Then she placed her hands on the shoulders of her friends again. Her knickers' crotch, hiding her most intimate femininity in a small space behind it, remained hanging and dangling between her legs.

It was fantastic to see a pair of knickers again. This was a girl who had the courage to show her knickers and who knew the right time and place to do it! I felt proud to make this outstanding girl's acquaintance. Annoyed I thought to myself: What a boring existence it would be never to get a glimpse like this, and what a waste it would be if a girl's knickers should be visible while I was looking in the opposite direction. As if my neck would benefit from it!

Now she looked out to both sides and then moved her hands back down to her skirt. What was she up to? I did not know - I could not think. It was as if my brain had stopped functioning. I felt completely numb and my cheeks were hot. Again she ran her fingers up under her skirt on each side and again she caught hold of her knickers. Now she pulled them even farther down! The lower part of her knickers was now visible below the skirt's edge. I noticed that both legs of her knickers had lace edges. She turned her face towards me and looked at me with a smiling mouth and investigative eyes, eager to see how I took it. I looked into her eyes for a moment but I was able to send her only a vague smile before my eyes widened again as my gaze gravitated back towards her knickers.

Suddenly, it seemed that she heard or saw someone coming. Swiftly she put her hands on her skirt, grabbed her knickers through it, and with a wiggling movement pulled her knickers back into place. Her friends didn't seem to have noticed anything of what had been going on.

Then the dodgem car ride was finished and they all pulled down to the track while I kept the distance. After a while they began to move through the fairgrounds again, and I continued my "persecution."

She threw a glance backwards. Then she whispered something into the ear of the friend who walked beside her and then she separated herself from the people she was with. She went towards some booths, and just before she disappeared between two of them, she threw a glance over her shoulder at me. I was 30 or 40 yards behind her. I rounded the corner where she had disappeared, and there she was, leaning against a wall. She did not look at me, but with a swing of her back she pushed herself out from the wall and moved towards an outdoor toilet, which I now spotted. It had one door for men and one for women. To my surprise she did not enter through the door for women, but passed instead alongside the outhouse and disappeared round the corner.

I followed up to the corner and peered round it. She had squatted facing in my direction with her knickers between her knees. Her hands held firmly on to her knickers. I could not see her pussy because her skirt was covering over it. She looked down at the ground. Suddenly a stream of pee came out between her legs. She swayed a little as she moved one foot farther out to the side to avoid peeing on her shoe. She looked up at me with a radiant smile and waved. I smiled and waved back. What a wonderful girl! Her pee formed a pond in front of her.

The pond grew full and a stream ran out of it and disappeared under the outhouse. She laughed. Then I realised that someone could see me in my position at the corner, so I stepped behind the outhouse in her direction. But that seemed to scare her because she got up quickly, pulled her knickers up, turned round, walked quickly along the wall towards the opposite corner, and disappeared round it. I stayed behind looking at the pee in the pond for a while. The earth was dry as tinder so that the pee did not soak into the ground immediately, but remained floating on top. Finally it sank into the ground, and I left to have dinner in one of the fair's cafes.

An hour or two later I found myself again in the streets of the fair making yet another round before going home. I thought of the peeing girl. She had probably left now.

But then I happened to see her sitting on a stool at a hamburger stand where she and the people she was together with were having a meal. I climbed up on the vacant stool beside her and ordered a soft drink. She was busy talking to her friends. As I got my drink she noticed me. I said hello, stretched out my hand, she grasped it, I introduced myself and she told me her name.

"I'm afraid I scared you back there at the outhouse," I said in a low voice so that the others could not hear it.

"I thought you would rape me," she said. I apologised and told her the reason.

"Very well, now I understand. It goes to show how mistaken one can be," she said and smiled.

"You looked so beautiful back there, as you were squatting and peeing," I said.

"So you like peeing girls?" she asked, laughing.

"Oh yes, it is so thrilling to watch them."

"Yes, I thought maybe you were of that kind," she said. And then she said dreamily, as she looked beyond the area of the fair:

"I love to experience men when they are excited that way. I love the staring look in their eyes."

"You're a bit of an exhibitionist and a domina, aren't you?" I said.

"Yes, maybe I am," she said. I moved a bit closer to her and said:

"After you left I was looking at the pee pond you left behind and ...," I hesitated.

"Yes?" She looked encouragingly at me to make me continue.

"I was thinking that I would like to taste it," I admitted.

"Really? Drink my pee?" she said amazed, but then her face broke into a smile and she continued,

"But why didn't you?"

"I did not dare. I thought it might be dangerous."

"You could have, you know, because I have no STDs," she said.

"Really?" I said and touched my chin in afterthought,

"Perhaps I should go back and see if there is some pee left. Surely the ground is still moist."

"Forget it," she said. She turned swiftly to her friends and told them that she would be back soon. Then she turned back to me and said:

"What you need is a fresh drink," and continued, whispering,

"my pussy is ready to pour you one because my bladder is full of piss!" She giggled and continued,

"Just come with me and you can have all the piss I've got right away."

She took me by the arm, stepped down from the stool, and pulled me along. She had finished her meal and I left my drink behind. Since the opportunity was so unique I decided to take a chance and trust her.

She let go of my arm as we walked together down the street. She led me through a narrow passage between two booths to a concealed place behind the booths where there also was a trailer. I looked around. A high bush covering the sky made the space rather dark. Light seeped out through the curtains that covered a small window in the trailer. Music from the various attractions of the fair sounded muffled from the other side of the booths. This was a perfect hiding place. She obviously knew the area well!

"Just stay there," she whispered and turned round away from me. She pulled her skirt up to her waist and her knickers down to mid thigh. She put her legs as far apart as her knickers allowed and leaned forward so that her face almost reached the ground. Her bush was completely dark in the dim light with the exception of an area at the top where there was less pussy hair. With her head upside-down she looked up at me from below her knickers and said:

"Put your mouth over my pussy and give me a pat on my thigh when you are ready." I squatted with my legs apart so that her legs got between mine. To make my mouth cover as much of her pussy as possible I tilted my head and put my mouth against her pussy so that my mouth and her "vertical smile" were aligned. I aimed at the area with less pussy hair at the top of her pussy.

I wanted to enjoy her pussy first. I put my tongue into her pussy and then pulled my tongue back into my mouth to taste. She had a long pussy slit, and I could not cover all of it with my mouth. I wondered whether I should place my mouth over the lower or upper part of her pussy slit. I chose the upper part thinking that since she was full of pee the pee stream would be so strong that it would emerge from the front of her pussy. I moved my mouth along her pussy slit in the direction of her stomach. To avoid losing contact with her pussy slit, I kept my tongue in it all the time. Occasionally, however, I moved my tongue in and out of my mouth so I could taste her pussy at various places along her pussy slit. The dense wool of long and coarse pussy hairs stroked me softly across my cheek during the movement. I got her pussy hairs into my nose! A finger past my nose got them out.

I felt her hand on my leg. What now? We had not agreed on any signal from her! OK, I understood what she meant: "I don't have all day, you know!" My mouth arrived at the place where her pussy slit stopped and I gave her a pat on her thigh.

"Now I start peeing," she whispered,

"give me a pat on my thigh again if you want me to stop." After a while a small stream of pee ran straight into my mouth. Then there was a splash of pee of which some missed my mouth and hit my cheek. Quickly, I moved my mouth a bit along her pussy slit so as to avoid spilling any pee from now on. Now she began to pee with great force and I concentrated on catching her pee and swallowing it the best I could. Her pee gurgled down my throat. At one point, when my mouth was full, I got some pee up my nose and I had to stop her. I swallowed and then set her off again, and from now on I drank all that she peed.

When she had finished, she straightened up, turned towards me, looked at me with a smile and asked with expectation:

"Did it work out okay?"

"Excellently," I said and added:

"You were wonderful!"

She said thanks, smiled and added:

"I didn't notice a single drop of pee on my body at all. You can be my piss toilet any time!"

"Really?" I said, and started thinking, but an exclamation interrupted my train of thought:

"Look, there's pee in my knickers!" She had pulled them up and pushed her hips forward to demonstrate, while she was holding her knickers stretched over her stomach with both hands. Her pussy slit was visible through her knickers. Naturally, I was so wet with her pee that she must have gotten something on herself, too. Maybe she had said that she had not noticed anything to appear sympathetic.

"Let's see in the light," I said. We went over to the trailer and placed ourselves in the light cone from the window of the trailer. She held her skirt up on her stomach with one hand and pulled the front of her knickers out with the other. Her brown skin and white knickers made her black bush stand out in the light. I saw some wet spots in her knickers. I bent down and sucked out as much pee as I could. I inspected the inside of her thighs, too. She spread her legs and bent her knees a bit to make it easier for me. I saw a drop or two, which I licked from her skin. I straightened up.

"Is there something behind, too?" she asked and turned round while holding her skirt up with both hands. I pulled her knickers out. Her girl butt was bathing in the light. Her knickers looked ok.

"Everything is ok back here," I said, and hastily kissed both her buttocks before her butt disappeared upon her pulling her knickers up. She giggled, and then she said:

"Now it feels better." She dropped her skirt down and put her dress in order. We moved back, away from the trailer. She began talking about the fair, asked if I liked it, and I said yes. She said she had brought her son who wanted to try all of the attractions.

"But everything's so expensive!" she exclaimed.

"Yes, I agree," I said, I thought of the churro I had bought, and added:

"Let me help." I took out my wallet. Strange - did I not have two 20 Euros notes left? I thought I did. Oh, well, in a hidden compartment in my wallet I had two 50 Euros notes in reserve. I opened the compartment, fished out one 50 Euros note, and handed it to her. She hesitated and I realized that she wanted more. Quickly, I gave her the other 50 Euros note as well as I was thinking that she needed the money more than I did.

"Thank you very much!" she said with a big smile, and:

"Now I must go!" I closed my wallet and put it back into my pocket.

"When can I see you again?" I shouted after her, but too late - I got only a glimpse of her white mini skirt as she disappeared round the corner.

So I was left alone. I took out my handkerchief and used it to wipe off the pee that had run down my hair, cheek, neck, and back. When I was finished, I walked out from the hiding place into the streets of the fair aiming for home. I made a detour through the fairgrounds, hoping to catch a glimpse of my new-found girl-friend, but in vain. Then I thought that perhaps she would be back the next day, and I could consider returning then.

But it turned out that there was to be no time to visit the fair again. As it happened I got too busy preparing for my return journey to do so. I did, however, come to think of the handkerchief that I had dried myself with. It was in the laundry basket at this time. The smell of pee from it was sharper now, the day after. I can keep the handkerchief in remembrance of her, I thought, comforting myself with the idea that I could return to Spain for next year's fair.

