March Reality Party

31st March 2011, 08:16 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Our March party which was held this past Saturday on the 26 was much like most parties, yet it was quite diffetent. For starters we decided at the last party to do away with written invitations in favor of e-mail. Its much quicker and saves not only postage but gas to take them to the post office.

We gathered at the home of Kiki (pronounced ke-ke) and Micha. (Here we go again with the jumbled up names). Everyone arrived at 6:30 where we sat around forcing liquids and talking about whats happened in our lives since our last gettogether. I call it "forcing liquids" because in nursing that term refers to trying to get patients to consume more liquids as most people only drink when they are thursty which in reality is not enough. At our parties everyone has some type of a drink in front of them all the time. As soon as its empty another arrives, a duty performed by the host couple.

The conversation was quite lively, mostly we complained about the high cost of gasoline and groceries, high utility bills for the past month and the general state of the economy. For some reason the first 30 to 60 minutes of out get togethers are quite vanilla. Nobody talkes about pee. Theres no talk about sex or any hint of kinkyness at all. Its almost as if were all in denial of the reason for our Saturday evening together. After about 45 minutes some is bound to announce they have to pee soon which changes the mood of the evening. People begin to relax and drop the facade which we all bring to the party. Its like everyone relaxes and takes a deep breath. The party is about to begin.

Our hostess, Kiki, told us the pizza would be there in 15 minutes and asked if Courtney could hold off till the pizza got there. She suggested we use this time to decided on what we were going to do this evening. Naturally every couple has their individual favorite things they like. Josh and I have settled down into a routine when we engage in pee play by at home by ourselves. . Josh and I usually confine our pee play at home to the shower where cleanup is not an issue. I usually sit on the shower floor while he aims for my open mouth. Most of it just runs out. Sometimes I take a mouthfull and squirt it back at him. Once in a while as I see his stream winding down I'll hold a mouthfull, jump up and kiss him, sharing it with him. After he's done peeing he lays down on the floor where I straddle his face, emptying my bladder completely. For some odd reason when were at a party we both want to go a bit further than this. Most couples do I believe.

We soon decided to do the "partners receiving" thing tonight. Thats where your partner drinks it all, or at least tries to. The first go around is easy, The disadvantages are you have to pee again vary quickly because you have not gotten rid of any. In reality you have actually gained. The second disadvantage is your pee becomes stronger with each cycle. It was all settled it was going to be a couples/partners only evening where you attempted to consume all your partner produced. To add interest everyone was going to remain dressed so any "run out" would be visable on your clothing. The couple who had the driest clothing at the end would win.

The pizza arrived and we headed downstairs where Courtney took her position above Eric who was squatting on the floor. She stood quite close and aimed straight in his mouth. She gave him a mouthfull which he swallowed. Her stop and start routine was quite good. A couple of drops landed on his white tee shirt. He would have done better if he didn't try to talk but instead concentrated on the business at hand. Bill and Mary went next as Bill had to go badly. Mary did quite well, there was no "runout". Bill and Mary switched places next. Chelsea and Eric were next, followed my Josh and me.

I squatted while he straddled me. He was directly over my mouth. My hands were on his legs as if I was holding on for dear life. As most couples a slight squeeze of the hand signaled for him to slow down, an outright meant stop entirely. As I sat there I was unaware of everything going on around me. I saw nothing. I heard nothing but the sound of my swallowing. I remember thinking how rithmatic it was. A gentle squeeze during the swallow, open wide, take more, squeeze, swallow. I was all alone. I was in a trance. All I was aware of was how bad I had to pee.

Once everyone had taken their turn - the first round took nearly 40 minutes - we decided it was Pizza time. By now it had cooled off quite a but (it was very cold here in Ohio Saturday night) so we reheated it in the microwave. I dont know about you but when I eat Pizza I have to drink something. Just what I needed - more liquid. When we finished eating it was back to business again. When it was my turn again I couldnt help notice the taste was getting a bit stronger, Lets see, mine mixed with Joshes. The third cycle was stronger yet, Mine, Joshes, mine and his again, or was it mine again, or a mix? I suppose technically as soon as I give it to him its his.

The party continued. Soon there were two couples sharing at once, then three. Everyone wore pee on their shirt. About 11:00 PM we decided enough drinking had occured. For the next round we decided to draw straws for a group shower. The small four foot diameter pool was carried in. Kiki drew the short straw and asked if she could swap. She gave the straw to Eric who layed down in the pool. Everyone stood around or over and drenched him.

We took turns showering in the basement shower. Actually we took turns being showered, the "rule" was the girls had to soap up the guys and the guys ahd to soap up the girls. Too bad only one person could fit comfortably in the small shower. After drying off and changing into clean sweats we finished the pizza and headed home.

Once home Josh and I headed for out shower, where you guessed it I squated on the floor, then Josh laid on the floor. After a thourough shower and hairwash and dry we headed to bed where we enjoyed a session or oral before falling asleep about 1:30 AM. At 2:30 Josh woke me up, he had to pee so we headed to the shower. I'm no sure he had to pee as bad as he said, I believe he just needed me to stand over his face and let go!

Emily and Josh

