The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 4

11th April 2005, 05:05 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

The Farmer's Daughter's, chap 4.

Please post some feedback. I still have six more chapters to post.

______

«Mom you know Karen and Cindy are picking me up at noon. Were going to the beach» offered Lisa as she stood next to the counter finishing her second glass of orange juice.

«Well honey, have fun. Will we see you for dinner?» Half wondering what she would fix for dinner or even if she would be home herself. The girls were all at an age where getting everyone together for anything was difficult, let alone a meal. She would just have to see what happened. «You might want to think about getting ready dear». I think I just heard Ginger turn off the shower so why don't you go next. I'll wait my turn. Carol and I are planning to play tennis at the club at noon».

Lisa finished her juice and walked down the hall to the bath. She was a beautiful girl with long red hair and Linda just felt so proud of her. The tint was slightly different from Ginger's, but still that sexy red that a lot of girls had chosen. She also had a body that a lot of guys just dreamed about. She was sure that a couple of them at least, had explored that sexy butt and long pair of legs. In a couple of months Lisa would be 21 and then most of her barriers would be gone. She watched her daughter in a tiny little, cream colored top and matching panties disappear. They were really molded around her little fanny and hugged every fold in her beautiful skin. Linda thought she'd seen those panties in the wash before too.

Linda finished her third cup of coffee and began to feel something in her bladder. She looked down at herself as she got up from the table to rinse her cup in the sink. She reached behind her to pull her jeans and particularly her panties loose from her butt. They were still damp and quite sticky now. Small wonder she thought, especially since she'd wet them twice and her juices had been leaking out as well. Wetting her pants was sure making her horny too.

Showered, made up and dressed in her favorite tennis outfit Linda arrived late to the club. Traffic had been slow, but she still hoped Carol would be waiting. She liked her new friend and was looking forward to a little bit of fun.

Carol liked this beautiful blond also, especially her mannerisms, charm and cheerful way of doing things. She was always disarming whether they were in the bar or on the court and cared little for competition. She rather just enjoyed life. Carol liked that.

Carol saw Linda as she came in the door and suggested that they hurry to their reserved court. She explained that Saturdays were always busy and they didn't want to miss their time. She watched Linda go to her locker to leave a change of clothes. As she stretched to put something on the top shelf she couldn't miss this beautiful women's body. Her little white skirt just barely reached the bottom of her matching panties. She remembered something about women who could get away with almost anything if they were both beautiful and sexy. Rules didn't apply to women like Linda. She also thought back to last weekend when she'd seen Linda reach for the same spot in her locker carelessly exposing a thoroughly peed pair of white panties. She never said a word about needing to change before heading for the bar.

Linda thought about the toilet before heading for the far courts, but almost as quickly let it slip from her mind. There wasn't time.

The game went quickly, but not without a couple of mishaps. Linda didn't think that Carol noticed the little spurts of pee soaking her panties as they played. During the ending set she'd let go of a particularly long one that ran down both of her legs. She thought that it may go unnoticed as well, but wasn't sure. The game ended and she looked for the bathroom. She realized that the closest one was back at the clubhouse. She half thought to herself that it was to far while thanking Carol for the game. A better opportunity presented itself when Carol met a friend and entered into a conversation. Linda saw a bench situated on the grass and went over to sit and tie her shoe.

Carol hadn't seen everything but she'd seen enough. When Linda turned her back and walked to the corner to serve, her skirt swayed exposing a growing discoloration in the crotch of her panties. It looked as though from the rear anyway her panties were wet past the double crotch seam. Why hadn't she said something. She had to know what she was doing since she was always reaching around to pull her panties out of that beautiful butt of hers.

Carol was, distracted momentarily by her friend, but when she turned back to Linda she almost wet her own pants. There was Linda, bent over, retying her shoe with a steady stream of pee pouring through the slats of the bench. Almost casually she looked up, stopped wetting and stood to rejoin her friend. Carol pretended she hadn't seen. They walked to the dressing rooms.

As Carol left the stall she saw Linda primping at the mirror and said «don't you have to go?»

«Oh no, I'm fine. Why don't we have an ice tea or something?» Linda wondered if she'd said the right thing especially when Carol glanced down to that space between her legs. She was wet no doubt about it. Her pussy and ass-hole had both gotten a good soaking while she sat on the bench. Finished doing her hair and lipstick she followed Carol out to the lounge casually reaching under her little skirt to check the high water mark of her wetting. If her butt was that wet, well then, Carol knew.

While they waited in the lounge talking about nothing in general, Carol came up with a plan that might open the door to something interesting. «God I had to pee soo bad. How do you do it, anyway, just go in your panties?»

Linda thought to herself, «oops this it» and then answered «oh no, well you know, sometimes I guess. It happens once in a while after three kids». «Why do you ask?»

«Well last week when you were here you bent over and your panties were showing. They were quite discolored and you looked wet. After the match today I noticed that your legs were wet streaked and then I saw you peeing while you sat on the bench tying your shoe. When you said that you didn't need to pee in the dressing room I thought you must have just gone along the way somewhere».

« Yes, I guess I do it more often than I should. I don't know sometimes, I think, I just do it because of laziness. It's gotten easier over the years and usually no one says anything. I lotion myself pretty well to prevent a rash and it doesn't really hurt anything. It gets exciting sometimes while walking around wet, but I smile a lot thinking that if people only knew.» Linda thought it might be fun to toss the ball back to Carol's court. «Why do you wet your pants to?»

Carol knew Linda was now fishing, but why not. «I have before but not often. I usually wear a one-piece swimsuit when we're boating at the lake. That style just appeals to me and looks much better with my figure, than a bikini. The water is cold and it's easier to pee in it than pull the crotch aside. We've always done that, but it's my sister Marilyn that never grew out of wetting her pants. She's 35, a year older than me and I swear, wets her pants almost daily. I was with her at the grocery store when she stayed with us a couple of months ago. She thinks she's a real 'hottie' and was dressed in a pair of new, blue jean short shorts. They were a little too brief in back and her panties peeked out of the seam.

Anyway, she says she needs to pee but doesn't know where the bathroom is. I wasn't thinking anymore about it until I noticed a stream run down her leg and puddle on the floor. I said 'are you just going to wet your pants right here'. She says 'well what am I supposed to do, I've got to go'. Well, she did do it right there and although the new jeans hid the stain pretty well anyone looking at her crotch either from the front or rear had to notice. We finished shopping, but when we got home I saw that she never bothered to change either. Her pants eventually dried leaving a distracting stain around her crotch. I don't think she thought of it as any big deal».

«You know Carol I've done almost the same thing. Sometimes it just happens. Anyway honey I've got to go».

Carol watched Linda open her purse to leave money on the table. Collect the things she'd gotten out of her locker and walk out the door. Carol wondered if she should go after her and tell her that while she was sitting at the table her little skirt had folded over on itself and that as she walked for the door most of her rear was on display. No, she was to busy noticing the yellow stain surrounding the double crotch band in her panties

. She was reminded of the time she arrived at the busy gas dock, filling her boat while wearing her pastel yellow one piece. Boy those attendants had never taken their eyes away from her crotch. She'd always thought it wasn't her camel toes they were looking at.

Linda needed to stop at the store for a few things.

