/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-9/38409/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 9

11th November 2009, 03:44 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I was the firstone of us to wake up. The sun was shinning brightly though the picture window in Luise's bedroom. I knew t had to be late morning at least. I also had a morning woody for my cock was fully erect and as hard as a rock! I also needed to piss deperatly too! I lay there in bed decideing to get up for several long moments. Being desperate to piss made me get up out of bed instead of laying there.

Luise was still sound asleep as far as I could tell. Her breathing was deep and regular. I slowly slid across the bed to the edge of it on my side. I got up off the bed but I had to now grab my hard cock to keep from pissing! Boy did I have to squeeze it hard too. It felt my piss was already there wre my hand was squeezing my cocks shaft.

I had to hold it tight if I didn't I would start pissing all over her floor where I was staning by the bed. Hurridly I looked around the room to see anything that I could piss in. There was nothing! I didn't know if there was a bathroom upstairs either. This was the first time I was upstairs in her house. As I stood there with my tight grip with my hand on my cock I let out a loud groan.

Right after I had let out that loud grain from behind me I heard Luise stir. My groan had woken her up. I turned my head to look over at her. She was awake with her one arm holding her head up. She still had a very sleepy look on her face as I looked at her. She did mumble to me; What's the matter Victor? I told her that I needed to piss very badly. Got anything that I can piss in? I asked her quickly first. Then right after that I asked her if there was a bathroom here upstairs close by.

Luise answered my second question first. There is a bathroom up here but way in the back of the house over the kitchen. I let out another loud graon. Then I told her that was to far. I'll never make it! Then Luise started getting out of bed and told me she did have something that I could piss in. As I stood there holding myself that was great to hear that she did. Hurru up and get it! I said to her adding that I was just about to piss all over her floor.

Luise started heading quickly over towards her closet. As she did she told me to hang on for a moment. I'm doing just that! I aid back to her souinding very urgent as I said it. For I was! Luise opened the closet door grabbed something in the closet. I at this point paying attention to her and not my desperate state I was in I loosened up my tight squeezing grip on my ock and I shot out a spurt of piss on her floor!

I almost yelled at Luise as I squeezed m my hand back down even harder on my cocks shaft. Hurry up I just pissed a little on your floor! Luise turned right around and almost ran from tehe closet over to me and she had a large old white chamber pot in her two hands! She stopped right in front of me with it. Placed it down and skightly forward where my cocks head was. I let up with the tight grip of my hand that was so tightly squeezing my cock.

No sooner then I had done this piss shot out form my ock hiting inside the chamber pot with a big splash! My piss was a very darl yellow and boy did it have a strong piss oder to it too. I only had my eyes open for few seconds when I started pissing but I closed them as the termedous feeling of relief came over me now that I was pissing! I even let out a very long sigh of relief that made Luise giggle a little.

After pissing for ten seconds or so I reopened my eyes. The chamber pot was filling up with my piss as I looked at it. The chamber pot being white my dark yellow piss was slightly lighter in its yellow color. Also my piss was making a lot of piss foam in the chamber pot too. Also Luise had lowered the pot further down making my stream take a longer distance to get to it and she had moved it forward some so that I was hiting the piss in it not the side of it so this cut down on the splattering splashing that my stream had been making.

I was feeling more relief as I pissed. I also now had in my thoughts that some how that chamber pot looked familair. I asked Luise about it. I told her that I thought I had seen it before. Luise giggled some before she replied back to me. She giggled less now and told me; It should look familair to you Victor! It was your two sistors! My mom bought it when you guys had your sale before you moved.

She was right! It was the one that my two sistors had in thier bedroom. It was white and had the blue stripe goig aromd it up near the top edge. There was even the small chip in the top edge too! Well I said to Luise right then; How bout that I do have a famliar pot to piss in! That made Luise take a short hard laugh. Then she told me to hurry up. I have to piss quite bad too! So it was my turn to tell her to hang on. She again giggled and replied back to me; I can't for I don't have the same thing that our hanging on to! I let out a short laugh. I said to her; That's a good thing that you don't too!

I wound up taking along piss. But as I neared the end of my piss I stopped before I did finish. I didn't do any spurts. I did this for Luise for she now had her thighs tight together and she was doing a slight shuffle back and forth wuth her bare feet. I was sure seeing me take my piss wasn't helping her since she was despeate to piss like I had been but mabybe not as badly. That is what it looked like to me right then.

Luise said to me right after I had stopped pissing; Take this which she wanted me to take the chambor pot from her. I did and I set it down on the floor. Luise took a quick step forward and now she stood over it. As she started to squat down she started pissing hard like I did! I was wrong. Luise was more in a desperate state then I had thought.

Her stream like mine was dark yellow. It hissed madingly loud too. It went staright down with a long twist and splashed hard in my piss that was inside the chambor pot. As she got lower and closer to the pot as she got into a squat over it piss fom rapidly formed. But unlike my foam the bubbles of her piss foam popped rapidly making a soft crackle as the bubbles popped. Then Luise farted making a loud braaaping sounding fart when she did fart. Also when she cut loose with her fart her piss stream jumped foward almost shooting right out of the chamber pot!

Luise as it turned out took a longer piss then I did. She just kept up her steady loud hissing stream as she went. I stood there watching her go for most of the time that she did piss but not for all of it. Luise had somethhing else in mind before she did finish pissing. For she reached out with both of her hands grabbed mine and pulled me closer to her. Then she slipped her mouth right on to my hard cock and started giving me head as she pissed!

She went fast and went up and down on my entire shaft several times and then she pulled her mouth off. Her piss stream was still going but she was now not pissing hard so the hissing was gone and there was just the splashing of her piss in the chamber pot. Luise did say tome; How's that feel good? Want more? I told her yes and she went right back giving me more head!

As she sucked on my cock the splashing of her piss was less loud. Then I heard it stop i splashing. Luise had puased. I herd a few short spurts of piss splash in the chamber pot and then Luise was done pissing. She stayed squating over the pot gave me head for a good five minutes making sure that my cock was good and wet.

She finished off by sucking very hard comming up slowly on my shaft and came off from my cock making a soft pop whenher lips came off from it. She grabbed my hand she side stepped the chamber pot and wegot back into bed together. I got treated to eating her pussy as she gave me more head but not sucking as hard theis time.

Her pussy smelled strongly of piss as I licked awy at it. I played with her clit with my tounge too. It didn;t ake long for Luise to get turned on enough she was ready for morning delights! I said itthis way to her and she laughed and took me on top of her and we started screwing hard and fast! We went and changed wit her on top and me on top many times as we made love. The pillows got tossed from the bed,thetop satin sheet ws also part way off from the bed, and the bottom satin sheet had been partaily pulled off too.

We had just changed back to where I was back on top. The other times when we were making love Luise always let me have a piece of her sweet ass too. So I asked her if she wanted it now in her other hole. Luise told me in a momnet I'll let you. She pushed me up off from her. I need to get up for a moment she said to me. She whispered in my ear the reason why she had to get up and why I had to wait to use her other hole.

Luise went right over to the chamber pot again and did what she had to do very quickly. Then she hopped back in bed gave my cock a very quick very wet short head job and then let me stick my ock up into her waiting asshole! I pounded her gast and hard as she played with both of her tits withher two hands and I took my hands taking a finger of one of them rapidly worked her clit and a finger of the other hand had it stroking inside of her hot now very wet pussy!

It didn't take Luise and I very long to cum. We both just about came togther this time. She just before me. We both came extreamly hard withboth of our bodies writhing together her screamng loudly and me pumping with my ock as fast and hard shooting wad after wad deep into her asshole! When we both finished cumming we wre both toatly spent and just layed there limply on the bed with me still having my ock buried deep up inside of her asshole.

We lay there likethis for awhile. Then Luise told me she needed to get up and use the pot again. She had to piss and I told herI did a little too. So we both got up from the bed went right over to the chamber pot. Luise squated down as I stood in front of her.She did take my ock in her hand this time and we both pissd into the pot together taking only a short piss this time. Our piss didn't splash loudly or hard. For both of our streams spahed on what Luise had deposited in the pot before I screwed her in the ass.

