The Farmer's Daughters; Chap 1

14th March 2005, 05:05 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the first of at least ten chapters. Comments will get more chapters.

The Farmer's Daughters; Chap 1

The morning sun was just finding its way into Linda's bedroom. Half awake she was relishing its warmth only barely conscious that her right hand was cupping her pussy. Linda liked her hand there and while in her bed no one could see as she touched herself. It was a secure feeling.

As usually occurred this time of year it was promising to be a beautiful day. She was just starting to turn over on her stomach, but stopped and instead rolled again in time to throw the covers back. She slipped to her feet and started walking to her closet while at the same time glancing back at the sheets on her bed. A dried yellow stain from earlier in the week was quite obvious. She remembered wetting her bed, but smiled to herself thinking that she had not done it since. Not even last night. Oh well, the sheets still needed changing. Maybe she could get one of the girls to do the wash later this morning.

Reaching the closet, she stopped and while opening the door for a pair of jeans, instinctively reached behind and pulled her bunched panties loose from her bottom crack. They felt a little sticky as she bent over to look at herself. They were the same style panties that she always wore; control top, high cut briefs. The ones she was wearing now were older and beige colored. She frequently wore them when she did the chores but they were obviously a little yellow stained in a semi-circle around her mound. Stained much like her sheets. She thought back to yesterday when she was out in the yard in a summer housedress hanging some towels to air dry. No one usually noticed when she wore a dress. She hadn't bothered to change when she flopped into bed last night. They needed the wash too.

Still standing at the closet, she reached for a T-shirt and a pair of old white jeans. Dressing quickly, she grabbed for her lace boots, put them on and started for the barn. She thought about a bra for her ample breasts but then her T-shirt should hold those in place. Right now it was time for a few chores.

The barn contained all the things normally needed around the farm including animal feed, fresh hay and a water supply. She put the feed and fresh hay out and turned the water on to fill the trough. She was thirsty and bent over to drink from the hose, letting the excess spill into the trough. Attending to her thirst, she didn't notice her horse Sandy move up behind her. The horse gently rubbed against her shoulder. It was time for a quick ride around the pasture. Maybe today was the day she should do it bare back.

She used a stool to stand on as she swung herself to Sandy's back and off they went. Sandy usually liked this ride and loved having her master along so she could go through her paces. Linda liked it to, but with her legs spread over the horses back and gripping tightly to hold on she began to wonder if she shouldn't have peed first. As Sandy galloped about the field she was really feeling "a need to go". Oh oh, she thought as the first spurt found its way into her panties and then another, only longer this time. She thought that if she slowed down she might stop it, but Sandy was having too much fun. She momentarily glanced down at her crotch and noticed her white jeans starting to discolor. She felt something else as her pee started to find its way up her ass crack. Oh well, it wasn't the first time and there was no need to worry about it now. Linda could only concentrate on the rocking motion and little spasms emanating from that all to exciting place between her legs.

Walking Sandy back to the barn to cool off Linda returned to the stool and swung down from the horse's back. She pulled the bridle over Sandy's head so the horse could give up the bit. Sandy leaned down to drink from the trough. As she did, Linda reached around again to pull her jeans and panties loose from her butt. Her hand lingered just long enough to feel the extent of her wetting. At the same time she looked down at her crotch and the insides of her legs. A «whoops» and a "oh oh" crossed her mind at the same time.

Linda had just wet her pants, but then in fact she always had. It was just something that she'd never grown out of and now she just called it the result of her "three kid bladder". However, she didn't like embarrassing herself, particularly in public so the farm had become a cover for her little "situation" as she called it. Wetting was just something that was a part of her life and that once in a while "kind of happens". She thought about the girls and noticed that they were doing it more often too. She guessed that they were probably following in her footsteps.

She was wet all the way down the insides of her legs and well up her ass but paid little attention as she finished her chores around the barn. She still stopped every now and then to pull her bunched, sticky panties and jeans loose. After about an hour she thought that maybe the girls probably would be getting up and started for the house. Her pants were starting to dry, enough that her little thing might go unnoticed.

Ginger was standing in the kitchen staring out the window as her mother walked toward the house. She was thinking to herself that she could only hope to be as beautiful and sexy when she was nearly forty. She also noticed something else.

