Convalescence with Geranium

7th March 2016, 03:03 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

It's over three years since I posted some of my stories and though there's lots left unpublished, I've toyed with the idea of publishing as Ebooks, the whole Alex and Fi thing which I called "Nectar", and the three volumes of a later book, "Geranium Weims, The story of the Woman who created the Wholeman's Golden Days» Convalescence Homes phenomena.

If any of you would care to comment on the following, it may help me make a decision as to what to do next.

Excerpts from chapters 1 to 5 of a planned book. (About one-third of the original).

This is the story of Geranium Weims who had unexpectedly had found herself with millions courtesy of a lottery win. Four months before her 40th birthday she had absolutely no intention of fitting into the W.I., charitable work and boredom, so she decided that what she would do was to move to the West of England, where she could be near the sea, near to culture and near to routes to all parts of the country, if she chose. There she would open her own select convalescent home, where she could employ carers on a decent rate and private doctors and nurses too. Her clients would mostly be wealthy businessmen, footballers or maybe lottery winners like her, needing respite after heart-attacks, trauma or injuries.

As the years had gone by and Gerry had seen friend after friend's relationship spiral down into breakup and had experienced her own catharsis, she had one day realised that the common denominator in most of the disasters had been tiredness and thus the cessation of sex. Gerry had failed to understand that a man had a wholly legitimate physiological need for sexual release and that once that had occurred he was satisfied - but only for a short time. Since sperm (or at least semen) would continue to be remanufactured in his balls, there would come a further need for sex, often quite soon after.

It was whilst she was planning for the first home that she met up with her old friend Wendy...

Life Changer

«Her questioning of Wendy was life-changing. Without hesitation said that her and Timothy's life was significantly enhanced by their enjoyment of what Wendy described as 'special sex'.

Wendy explained. They had been together since the early '70s, had been in at the end of the hippy era, and had often in the early days, practised sex with other couples present and sometimes with other partners, though always with the others' knowledge and usually when they were all together. Wendy and Timothy had liked sex and still did so, even though time and ageing had slowed their activity down. They had taken great pains to explore their bodies to find out what the other liked or didn't like.

Wendy went on by explaining that the special sex had started four years after they married. They were entwined together in a 69 with Wendy on top, when she lifted her lips from his cock and said she needed a pee. Timothy, perhaps unreasonably, said no - he was near to cumming. It was so out of character she was even a bit angry but she held on and then became very desperate . Still Timothy held her tightly as she sucked on his really hard shaft and as he filled her mouth with his ice-cream she just let go; maybe there was more than a little rebellion in the act. Anyway she poured her urine out over his face and tongue, filling his mouth in a few seconds, pooling on his neck and then running in golden rivulets between them, soaking the bed in the process.

Instantly they both realised that they liked the smooth, tangy silkiness of her warm waters on their bodies and so was born a long-lasting vitality in their relationship, which had never ceased. From that moment they had added pee play to their lives. They started to drink more juices, squashes and water. Wendy lovingly recalled the first time Timothy had let his nectar flow over her. She was in the bath and he had stood beside her, totally naked. As she gazed up at him, his lovely cock and deliciously full balls hanging there invitingly, he had pointed his cock at her tits, and she had watched the central eye open, then his jet of gold had forcibly hit her breasts, massaging her nipples.

She loved it, reached forward and moved his cock upwards so that his stream played over her hair and ran down her face and shoulders. As he slowed, she had stretched up and licked the tip, enjoying the slightly bitter taste of his juice. Soon, they were trying to pee together in their many sex locations, and to bathe one another in their streams. The texture of their flowing waters was a constant source of joy and they adored to catch their streams as they peed, spreading it over their skin whenever they could, whether together or alone.

They discovered that chilled dilute pee was actually pleasant to drink; bottling and chilling it they could refill their bladders whenever they chose and still enjoy the unique sensations. Then they had tried wetting as a source of amusement - Timothy adored it when Wendy sat on his lap, perhaps outdoors in an amusement park, or at a pub table, and then just peed into his lap. Wendy had come to appreciate the joy of wetness against her skin when out shopping and she usually wore thin panties and a waterproof over-panty to keep her liquid from spilling out. Unless she was feeling particularly randy on a particular day. Then she found it risqu... and fun to piss as she was interacting with an unknowing shop assistant. She often wondered how soon the dark patch on the floor would be noticed and suspected for what it was. She took great pleasure in returning to the store a few days later, though she never peed again in the same premises.

All these years on and Wendy told Gerry how she and Timothy still played games and constantly designed new ones. They kept themselves fit, often using the facilities of a local gym to keep the kilograms off. They had also developed a network of friends who shared their enjoyment of wet sex and sometimes two or three couples would meet up for a real wet weekend. They always hired one or more large camper-vans for these events and tried to find warm weather and secluded spots to share together. One of the unexpected things they had started only this past year, was peeing together with their clothes on. Soaked blouses, skirts, shirts and trousers had become very much to their liking.

So, Wendy asked, what did Gerry make of her explanation? After an initial thought of, «That's Dirty!», she had adored it; it had captured her imagination and added the possibility of extra spice to any relationship, though she wondered if she would, personally, ever get the chance to try it out. Gerry asked if she might go to one of Timothy and Wendy's parties to which the latter readily acquiesced. Better still, they were having one in the New Forest in two weeks' time. Wendy advised Gerry to take some silky clothes with her as they felt so good when pee-wet against the skin and everyday clothes for hiking or travel.

Gerry had enjoyed their talk of over two hours, whilst drinking coffee and eating the odd biscuit. Now she began to realise she needed a pee and she needed to get home to work on her plan. She said so to Wendy who suggested she combine the two. Disappearing for a few moments she returned with what turned out to be incontinence pads, and explained that sometimes she would wear a skirt, no panties and sit on one of these in the car, then she could take a pee as she was driving. Gerry pointed out that she had trousers on, and Wendy countered by saying she had a wrap-around skirt that would fit anybody. Gerry could wear it on the way home and let Wendy have it back when they met up for the party. Slipping out of her jeans in front of Wendy, her panties had dropped too and the latter commented on what a nice body she had with a fine bush of slightly reddish hair which would well enhance both pee play and sex if it happened.

Ten minutes into her journey, Gerry pissed herself. She couldn't wait another moment and didn't want to anyway. The dampness spread like a flood around her buttocks, thoroughly soaking the skirt but giving Gerry an unbelievable sense of freedom and of salacious delight. She knew then she was hooked and that pee play and maybe pee-sex was a part of her future. Pulling into a lay-by, and enjoying the nest of dampness which surrounded her bottom, she grabbed a notebook and began list her conclusions about marital and relationship breakdowns gleaned from her research amongst friends and the Internet.

If her home was to become a reality she would need to get staff who were very out of the ordinary - staff who would be willing, when well paid, to do anything legal to help their patient's recovery. She had begun to make a list of the priorities for her new home. First it would take paying clients, but only men. Second, she, and her staff had to recognise that men of whatever age needed to fuck. Unless they were too ill to care, it didn't matter if they were 20, 40, 60 or 80 or anything in between. It would just be different as the decades went by. Third she would need to take on only such staff as were willing to share their sexuality with the clients and fourth, that when it came to sex, that anything, provided it didn't cause pain or offence to her staff, would be acceptable and probably encouraged. Or, if unable to manage intercourse, they would still need sexual release, maybe like those old newspaper ads that offered massage parlours with 'hand relief'.

Liking the games her mind was playing as she thought through these new possibilities, she wet herself again, the coffee-fuelled juices warming her skin, then turned on the ignition, and drove home. Just for the fun of it, half way back she stopped at a filling-station and filled the tank with diesel. The pee she had recently released had made her ass and crotch damp, her skirt was very wet and she released a little more which ran down her right leg onto the concrete as she crossed the forecourt to pay. The cashier never noticed a thing! A really gratifying and slightly naughty feeling overtook her as she saw the puddle she had so recently made on the concrete as she got back into the car.

Preparations and Journeying

Wendy had invited Gerry to join her and her husband and some other friends (including a single man, Jason) to a pee-party camping in southern England. To prepare for it, Gerry went shopping in Bath and purchased silky and satin blouses, scarves, trousers, stockings, underwear and some rather nice shoes to complement them. Plus two pairs of really quite 'tight in the crotch' jeans to indulge herself at home.

Arriving at Wendy's at 9.45 she found Jason and Timothy in deep conversation on the south-facing patio. It was a glorious June day and the sun was already warming them. Jason was dressed in a Tee-shirt and a pair of rather tight red shorts which enhanced his manliness very pleasingly. Timothy wore his usual baggy grey cotton trousers and white shirt, and greeted Gerry cheerfully before introducing her to Jason. Gerry was encouraged by a definite stirring visible in the red cloth as Jason and she chatted together and contrived to allow her hand to brush across that region when they stood up. If Jason thought that was being 'forward' he raised no objection. What, Gerry wondered, had Wendy and Tim told him about her?

They talked a fair bit in the next half hour over a coffee and croissants, before packing their stuff into the van and then occupying four of the six seats in the cab, with Gerry and Jason at the back. Gerry felt her bladder filling but decided to wait; if this was a pee party why not start as they meant to go on? It rather looked as if the other three thought the same as none of them took a pee before setting out either. The trip down to Andover should have taken about an hour, driving down to Frimley and then picking up the M3 to Basingstoke and so on to their first destination. But just past Junction 6 they had come to a grinding halt; delayed by a burning lorry, for well over an extra hour. Gerry's coffee-filled bladder reached the near overflow point even as they stopped and she said «I got to pee!»

On the motorway, surrounded by other stopped vehicles, if she popped a squat on the side, lots of people would see. Wendy said, «Why not just use a pad?" After all, if they were going to spend a few days peeing with one-another, why not start now? Gerry's dream was already being fulfilled! It became obvious in that moment that the others felt as desperate as she.

Wendy reached into a locker above the windscreen and pulled out four pads; two she handed back to Jason and Gerry before leaning over to Timothy in the driving seat, unzipping his flies and pulling out a not insubstantial cock. Gerry watched with delight as Wendy put his pad on the floor between the seat and the pedals and then wriggled her own under her bottom. Dressed in similar cottons to Timothy, either she was going to get them very wet, or she'd have to pull them down. Since the van was stationary, she did the latter, standing briefly to slip them and a pair of fetchingly green patterned panties down, revealing a nice, rounded pair of buttocks.

Meanwhile, in the back, Jason had pulled out his penis, one glance of which had told Gerry that she'd be very keen to see what else it could do. Holding his pad along the shaft, he turned to see Gerry pulling down her jeans, revealing that reddish bush and crotch that Wendy had so approved of. Instantly his cock had stiffened and he showed some embarrassment. As he watched Gerry, still standing, widened her legs and spurted out a trickle of golden pee which became a flood in an instant.

She said she didn't think one pad was going to hold it all, and even as she said so, they heard the drip, drip, drip as it splashed onto the floor. Timothy simply said something to the effect it didn't matter, and Jason became conscious of the hissing of piss from between Wendy's legs too, and heard rather than saw, Timothy's stream accidentally hit the steering wheel as he suddenly had to restart the engine and move forward a few yards. Gerry, looking very deliberately over at Jason, she told him she liked his reaction very much.

It took all of Jason's effort to release his pee through one of the hardest hard-ons he could recall, but as his flow began, Gerry leant forward and put her hand into his stream, catching some in her palm, and rubbing it into her hands to savour its feel. That stopped him in mid-flow and his cock stiffened even more. Gerry apologised, but loved the views she was getting. She ever so gently ran her finger-nail up the length of his shaft and touched the wet glans with her finger-tips.

A second later and his cock was pumping out creamy sperm in a great jet which went everywhere, some even splashing onto Wendy in the front seat. She looked round as another white jet spurted from eye of his cock and caught her hair as it fell. She smiled broadly and said, «Lovely», not even bothering to wipe it away as it was gradually absorbed. Gerry, meanwhile, was clearly enjoying the sight. Her pussy was wet deep inside and she thought she had never seen so exciting a spontaneous sexual act.

After travelling and meeting up with another van with six people, and having lunch, «Soon after the need to pee was upon them and they pulled in at an unfenced field. Whilst the girls squatted, or stood with their legs apart, skirts and dresses lifted high (most wore no panties), the men watched their streams flow and their cocks grew stiff between their legs. When Gerry then saw Jason standing with his nice cock pouring out a powerful arch of piss, much of which fell near her feet, she knew then she had to have him. In her bed and maybe on her team.

After arriving at their camp site and eating a meal together at a nearby pub, at eight that evening, they turned their vans into a lay-by alongside a wood criss-crossed with footpaths. Walking in the warm air, their bladders now deliberately full from cold lager, water or juices, they came across a clearing, separated from the paths by low bushes. No-one else was about, and they simply stripped to their underwear, then stopped to admire one-another's bodies.

Jason, Gerry noted approvingly, had tight red underpants through which his cock and balls bulged arousingly. The other men displayed similar features and the women's crotches and camel-toes were easily appreciated through tight cloth. Jason, in his turn, was looking over Gerry's body. She had firm nipples on rounded breasts, a trim figure and a great ass. He could see her bush shadowed through her white panties, with its auburn hairs wisping around boundary of her crotch. It made him feel very randy.

Derek said he needed to go, and was there anyone there wanting a shower? Three of the women said 'yes please' and moved nearer. Victoria walked up to him, grasped the band of his underpants, and pulled them down to reveal his manhood. Full to bursting-point and with a partial erection, as she pulled his cock sprang free and he peed a wide cascade through his swollen glans and tight pee-hole spattering his waters over her face and breasts. Alex and Patrick joined in, pulling their cocks out over their waistbands and pissed out strong streams of pale gold, accompanied by squeals of delight from their partners.

With the flexibility of their organs, their pee went all over the place and not a little over their partners too. Then the girls began to join in - first Victoria and Fi slipped off of their knickers and stood with their legs apart whilst Wendy lay beneath them. Their golden streams glinted in a shaft of light from the sun now low in the sky and Wendy's body glistened with a yellow glazing. Then she stood and Fi knelt between her legs and had her long auburn hair saturated by Wendy. Timothy and the newcomer Jason, who evidently relished all that was going on around him, just peed where they stood...

