The Girl Who Loved To Pee - part 2

25th October 2010, 07:17 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

A continuation of a mostly true story I first posted two months ago

***

I couldn't wait for Tuesday evening to roll around. All afternoon I was restless and looking forward to the club meeting. I made it a point to get there early, in case Joanne did likewise. She arrived less than ten minutes after me, so we exchanged a quick friendly hug and talked long enough to agree to go out for coffee after the meeting and discuss our plans for the weekend.

Since last Saturday's hike «wasn't a date», I hadn't spoken with her since I dropped her at her car that evening. I was a little nervous she might have had second thoughts about our experiences, but she seemed more than eager to see me, maybe as much as I was looking forward to see her again.

Although I enjoyed the night's program and normally would have liked to talk with so many of the members afterwards, I couldn't wait for the meeting to get over. I spoke briefly with two, maybe three people, then followed Joanne right out the door.

A block away, a few doors down from the coffee shop, she stopped and pulled me into her. Our lips met as she reenacted the kiss she'd planted on me a few nights before. It took me by surprise.

«There, that was to thank you again for Saturday. I really enjoyed our hike,» she enthused, stopping to take a breath, before adding, «and just having a great time with you.»

Over cups of dark roast we talked about where we wanted to go. I suggested we head towards the edge of the Smokies. It was a longer drive, but we could have our choice of hikes in three states, if we so chose. Somewhere in the conversation, Joanne suggested we make this an overnight trip, so we could get in two good day hikes over the weekend.

I might have thought she was pushing things a little, but she quickly brought me back to earth, though gently. «Don't get your hopes up, Jayce,» using her favorite name for me. That Piedmont dialect of hers kept stretching all the letters out, but it was still one syllable. «It's a hiking trip, not a roll in the woods. I told you I want to take this slowly. You're already on first base with me. If you're really, really good, I might let you get to second.»

***Shortly after eight on Saturday I came by her place. She already was waiting for me outside with her backpack, sleeping bag and tent.

Since the weather looked promising, we planned to camp a mile or so past the trailhead. Joanne got the tent, and I would have my chance to sleep under the stars.

We loaded the gear in the back, she got in the passenger seat and we quickly drove away. The easy conversation of the previous week continued. And again, Joanne started it.

«I really love camping. It was one of the most favorite things I did growing up. On many a warm night, from the time I was about eight or nine, I used to set up a tent, first in the back yard, then later out in the field. My parents liked to camp a lot and, with my brothers, we used to go regularly up until I went off to college. Oh, I miss those days. I think it will be fun to relive them, you and me.»

I picked up where she left off, «Yes, I remember great times camping with boyhood friends and in the scouts. I'm looking forward to this, too. I've never camped with a woman before, so it will be a new experience for me.»

«And new for me, too. Sure, I've gone camping with boys, if you want to count my brothers, and their friends, but somehow I don't think of you quite the same way. As much as I'm trying to play down for the moment my attraction towards you, I have to admit I've had a hard time sleeping the last several nights and you were in a couple dreams that, well, I've only ever had a few times before. That's why I have to insist you're sleeping outside tonight. I'm just afraid if I let you in, I'm pretty sure where we would wind up, and I'm not ready to go there quite yet.

«Besides, stretching out this introduction gives us more great opportunities to get to know each other better and become even more comfortable around one another. I like that we both enjoy the outdoors, living healthy and how we can talk about any subject under the sun. It's also nice we're not embarrassed when nature calls. One of the things I learned long ago was the importance of drinking enough water when out on the trail.»

As if to make her point, she stopped right there to grab a water bottle out of her pack, and took a couple swallows.

«So I try to stay well-hydrated despite my having to stop an awful lot. I hope you don't mind»

«Not at all,» I replied, trying to sound disinterested.

I'm afraid Joanne could read me all too well.

«Well good, I'll give you plenty more times for that this weekend. Actually, I like the fact we can pee in front of each other. Until you brought it up last weekend, I'd never thought of it to be especially, well sexual.»

She looked away, pausing to catch her breath.

«But, I guess it is one of the most intimate things we can do. Besides, we can use these breaks to become more familiar with one another's bodies, sort of a show-and-tell. How about if we make a point to always pee in the presence of each other?»

She already knew my answer, and went on.

«It'll be kind of fun in the dark, too. I've always had to get up at least once during the night and step outside the tent to pee. Don't worry, I'll wake you up, if only so I don't walk all over you, or worse, if my aim is bad.»

The tightness in my shorts was telling me this was going to be another great weekend.

***A little more than two hours after heading off we pulled into the parking lot. We grabbed our packs and quickly set out. The trail was almost flat for nearly the entire first hour, so we had kept up a good pace.

Surprisingly, I was the one who had to pee first. The coffee I'd drank before picking up Joanne had worked its way through me. Now, with each passing minute, I was getting increasingly full. Stopping, I looked over at Joanne and, hastily throwing down my backpack, spoke. «I could use a break. And you?»

She dropped her pack, as well, and followed me a few steps off the path.

«Nice to see I'm not always the first one who needs to pee.»

I was sideways to Joanne, little more than five feet away, so she was able to get a good look. Pretty close to an accident at this point, I just pulled myself out of my shorts and let go a piss that must have traveled at least ten feet. I didn't think I was trying to impress her, but I did manage to get another giggle.

"I wish I could pee like you guys." Grinning at me, she continued, " Actually, I've done it standing lots of times. In fact, I taught myself how when I was nine or ten after a boy dared me to, but I've never been very good at it. Oh, I can keep it from running down my legs and wetting my shoes, but I wish I could push it out as far as you can. So, I guess I've always had penis envy in that regard".

She continued, «But, that doesn't stop me from trying. Here, I've got to pee, too. I'll show you what I mean.»

She took a step so she was now directly facing me, then pulled a leg of her shorts aside. Slipping her fingers between her legs, she parted her lips and leaned back a little to send her hips forward.

I was looking right at her mound as she began to trickle, thinly at first, then in full flow a couple seconds later, the stream falling a good two, almost three feet in front of her. She continued as it fell back, then stopped and stood there a while longer as she squeezed to get the last drops to fall from her.

«There. That's all I'm good for at the moment. Hope you enjoyed the show.»

I couldn't hide my smile, or likely the bulge in my shorts.

Grabbing a water bottle from her pack, she took a few deep swallows, then gave me a knowing look, adding, «Now, I have to get ready for my next performance. It probably will be in only another an hour or so. Since you liked my stand-up act so much, I'll see if I can do that for the rest of the weekend.»

Leave it to Joanne for being such a good sport. She may have had one of the smallest bladders of any woman I'd ever met, yet it didn't keep her from drinking at least as much as me.

***We continued on the trail. From here, the path climbed, a little steep in places. We slowed down the pace, and started a new conversation. Once again, Joanne began it.

«I guess I've got a confession to make. I really like going on these hikes, but it's not the only reason I'm here. I've been thinking a lot about my life lately. I'm out of college and living on my own. I have a job I love, with decent prospects for advancement and I'm pretty happy about things. I think I'm a good person and really like myself. But, lately I've this feeling that maybe I am missing out on some things. I'd really like to have a man in my life and maybe this group is as good a place as any to start looking.

«I noticed you at the meetings some time back, but I first developed a liking for you when you led our group hike a month ago. Oh, I was jealous at first that day when you spent so much time with those three college girls when they were struggling with the first ascent. But, then I noticed you taking at least as much time with that older couple when they had trouble on the rock field.

She paused to catch a breath.

«Obviously, you're fit and strong, yet I saw right away that gentle, sensitive side of you. I might be taking a risk being out here alone with you. You're half a foot taller and probably outweigh me by at least fifty pounds, but something tells me you would never take advantage of me.

«Now, here I am being a little presumptuous. I suppose I don't even know if you are interested in me, or even available, but I asked a few folks in the club the other night who kind of gave me the go-ahead. And, from what I've felt being around you this past week, seeing your openness and your attention to me, I'd be really surprised if you weren't.»

I extended my right hand towards her and she grabbed it as I spoke.

«Joanne, I haven't exactly led the kind of social life I probably could be having. Getting my career going has taken more time and energy that I'd ever imagined and living in a fast-paced city makes it not always easy to connect with women on more than a superficial level. I've gone out two, make that three times since the beginning of the year, but there's nobody in my life right now and I would really like someone, too.

Giving her hand a gentle squeeze, I continued, «I'd be very happy if she were half as nice, sweet, funny, interesting and deep-down attractive as you. Okay, maybe you can't call this a date, but I'm not sure I know a better way to find out about us.»

She continued, «Then I guess we are on a journey, you and I. While we don't know our destination, that's not what matters. We're discovering our own selves and one another. I hope you don't mind that I'm taking this slowly. It's just I've never been this way before.»

How could I tell Joanne I was only a couple steps ahead of her.

***The afternoon quickly went by as we descended to where the car was parked.

We grabbed the sleeping bags and tent, relocked the doors and started back to the trailhead. This time, instead of taking the path to the right, we turned left.

Almost a mile later we set up the tent in a small clearing. It was little more than an hour before sunset and time for dinner.

Joanne had insisted on bringing the food for the weekend. All I had to supply was the drinks and snacks. She came with a pasta dish, a corn and bean salad and a loaf of whole wheat bread, so fresh it must have made this morning. Everything tasted great. Until she had mentioned it, I never noticed it was all vegetarian. I shouldn't have been surprised, though, recalling on our first hike she had brought along peanut butter sandwiches. I had never paid it any mind, since they had always been a favorite of mine as well.

We finished our meal. Since no cooking had been needed, cleanup was easy. The plates and utensils were given a quick wipe and anything not eaten was returned to plastic bags, which we would pull out again tomorrow.

Chores over, we sat back on the ground. I passed over to Joanne a container of desert bars, then reached again into my pack. I had thought of bringing wine, but, not knowing whether alcohol would be appropriate, settled on a couple bottles of sparkling grape juice.

I opened the first bottle and we toasted. Raising my cup, I offered, «To wonderful hikes and a great hiking partner.» Joanne replied, «To a great new friend and many more times like these». We drank them, and filled them up again. And again, opening the second bottle.

We moved a couple steps away from where we sat and looked past the clearing and out into the distant hills, as we watched the fading last light of the day.

She stood in front of me and I hugged her from behind. My arms were wrapped around her slender waist and I held her gently. After a time I slowly moved my hands up toward her chest. She leaned forward into my arms and stayed there for what seemed to be several minutes. Then, shivering slightly, she remarked, «Hold that thought,» as she started to pull away.

Still in our daytime clothes, we hadn't been prepared for how quickly it cooled off in the mountains after the sun set. Now, no longer warmed by daylight, I was getting chilled, and the sudden cold made me aware that my bladder had once again become very full.

As I tugged at my shorts, I looked over at Joanne and noticed she was doing the same.

«You too,» she remarked.

I nodded.

We stood a few feet apart in the gathering darkness. She pulled her panties aside and began to pee first, her stream falling on the grass in front of us. I aimed just above the puddle she was making. Our arcs met and danced together in the faint light for a brief moment as they splashed to the ground.

Twenty seconds later we both finished up, though she stood there a little longer squeezing out her remaining drops.

«Now, where were we?»

I quickly brought her back up to speed. My hands slid under her tee shirt, and began moving upwards from her stomach. Softly teasing, my fingers reached her bra, and I slowly played with it, rubbing first the outer edges, then the sides of her cups until I finally felt her nipples under the fabric.

Continuing, I brought my face to the back of her neck and kissed her. Then, in a bold move, I slipped my hands underneath and cradled her breasts.

I almost expected her to push me away. Instead, she remarked, «Please do continue. That feels so good.»

Not that I needed to be asked again.

She continued, «Mmmm you just got to second base. I'm really liking this and I'm just surprised I've let you go here. But, it's all I'm offering tonight.»

«Then, that's all I'm asking,» I replied.

I continued with this play, stroking and rubbing for many more minutes. Both of us were enjoying it so much we lost all track of time. Neither one of us wanted to stop, and I noticed her breathing had become short and irregular. But, finally, Joanne wasn't yet ready to yield to further temptation. She brought her hands up and gently pushed mine away, then leaned her head back, so she was facing me and said, «Hey, time to turn in. Hope you don't mind sleeping under the stars».

I looked up and couldn't see anything in the sky. Clouds must have come in while we were entertaining ourselves. Not thinking about it, I pulled my bag out from the tent and unrolled it about fives steps away.

***We must have woken up at the same time when the rains came. It was probably about one in the morning when Joanne heard the sound on the tent roof. I had been lying in my bag and asleep for a good couple of hours, when the first drops fell on my face. While not a downpour, it was cool, steady and persistent enough to be annoying.

As I was stepping out of my bag, I saw Joanne emerge from the entrance of the tent.

She called out, «Jayce, you've got to be soaked.» When I stood up, I realized I was.

In the dim light I could make out her basic features. She was still wearing light-colored panties

, the same tee shirt that she'd worn that day and was barefoot.

Looking over at me, she continued, «the rain woke me up, and now I have to pee. And, if I stand out here any longer, I'll be as wet as you. On the inside, as well as the outside. So, I'm going to make this quick.»

She started to pull her panties aside, then realized the futility of it in all the rain and let herself go. She looked down at herself peeing through her underwear and laughed.

«Oh, I haven't done that probably since I was four or five. Well, they were getting wet anyway.»

As I laughed with her, I realized I needed to pee as well.

So, we stood there for at least a minute, relaxing our bladders as the rain fell around us and on us.

As she finished, she said to me, «All right, if you promise you'll be good, you're welcome to sleep in here.»

***I crawled into her tent with my now-damp bag. At least the inside was still dry. Pulling it around me, I climbed in, turned over no more than a couple times trying to find the most comfortable spot and soon fell asleep.

It was still dark when I heard Joanne stir. She gave a small groan, and rolled onto her other side. Another groan, then, «Ohh. Gotta pee.» I could hear her undo the zipper of her bag, then felt her legs rub against me as she swung them out. She crouched over to the door of the tent and unzipped the opening.

The chill pre-dawn air rushed in. I was fully awake now and realized I needed to empty my bladder, too.

As she stepped out into the night, I called out to her, «I'm right behind you.»

She replied, «Ooh, it's too cold. Can't you take this one for me?»

«Wish I could, darling, but how about if you just lean against my legs for warmth and I'll wrap my arms around you. And, then just let it go.»

She did as I said. It was especially easy now she wasn't wearing panties. With her right hand she opened her labia as her left pushed on her abdomen. A spurt fell to the ground just past her feet, then an arc falling nearly four feet ahead of her. I hugged her a little tighter and her pee shot out a few more inches.

I complimented her skill. «I see your practice is paying off. That was almost as far as me.»

She laughed as she pushed the last drops put.

***We woke shortly after dawn. It was still cool, but we didn't pull our bodies close together this time for heat. For a few minutes, we hugged each other through the bags, more affectionately than erotic.

We stepped outside, saw the clouds were breaking up and it would likely be warm by midday. Sunday breakfast was granola, the remaining bread and coffee. As I heated up the water, Joanne became serious.

«I'm going to need some quiet time this morning.» She continued, «I was raised that we set some of the day aside for God. Growing up, we'd probably go out for dinner or visit folks later, but the first part was always reserved for Him. I still go to church most every week and, even when I don't, make sure I drop whatever else I might be doing.»

How could I argue? I wasn't much different, and though I'd grown too worldly, maybe too concerned with material things, deep inside I knew she was right.

Joanne walked away, maybe a dozen paces from the tent, at the edge of the clearing where the forest met field. For a good hour, maybe closer to two, she sat there, her head in a book and apparently lost to the outside world.

I took down the tent and, along with the stove and our sleeping bags, carried it back to the car. I returned and sat down on the grass, across from Joanne, writing thoughts into my notebook. It was late morning before we got on the trail.

A couple hours later we came upon another clearing. It was past time for lunch and breakfast had been a long time ago, so we stopped. It had been steep climb and, in the gathering heat, whatever water we had drunk had since worked its way out our pores.

We pulled off our packs and sat back on the ground. Grabbing our lunches, what remained from last night's meal, we faced one another and slowly ate.

It was actually hot now in the sunshine, feeling at least fifteen degrees warmer than it had been in the shade. I stood up and pulled off my shirt. Still sitting, Joanne slipped off her tee. She was wearing a white sports bra underneath. I couldn't help but notice her narrow waist, toned shoulders and what suggested to be a little more cleavage than I had expected. She noticed I was noticing her.

«I suppose there is more you'd like to see. Since you were such a gentleman in the tent, how about I show you what you were so eager getting your hands on last night.»

Saying that, she stood up and slowly pulled her bra straight over her head, raising her arms in the air far longer than necessary, as if holding a stretch. Her breasts, while not particularly large, were firm and nicely formed. Confined into a sports bra had made them appear smaller than they actually were, yet seen now against her slender frame they were amply proportioned. If the saying held that anything more than a mouthful was a waste, she was definitely guilty of excess.

«Well, what do you think? And, cause I know you'll be gentle, you're welcome to touch.»

I didn't need a second invitation. My eyes said everything she needed to know, and my hands only reinforced my answer. But, I told her anyway.

«I love your breasts and everything else about you.»

I continued holding and lightly squeezing them for a few minutes. If anything, they felt even better than they did last night. Joanne was enjoying every moment of it too, so, emboldened, I leaned over to plant a kiss. Perhaps I went one step too far.

«Enough for now. Oh, I like how you're making me feel, and if you keep this up, you will push me over the edge. Must as I want that, and there'll be time, right now I want to take a nap.»

Clad in just our shorts, we lay down beside one another. I think we were both pretty tired, as we dozed off for a good hour, maybe longer.

I stirred first. My face just inches from hers, I brought her back from dreamland.

«Joanne, did we just sleep together?»

A giggle emerged from her.

«I suppose so. And, we did last night, as well. And, you were so good, too!»

Refreshed, we got up from our naps.

In a few minutes we would be back on the trail. Another two hours would put us at the car, then closer to three more before we returned to the city. It had been a weekend of full wonderful experiences and Joanne and I were both sure there would more great conversations on the car ride home.

But right now, we both had to pee.

