Was this cruel teasing? Or a wonderful gift? (F/F exhibitionist, nudity, peeing)

13th March 2016, 10:56 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hi everyone,

So last night my girl, Kerry (Kerry1985 on here) and were up late talking with my new girlfriend, Jasmine (a story about her is posted here). Kerry was retelling a story from a few months ago, when she went on a business trip in early December. Something happened on that trip where Kerry successfully surprised a rather sexually aggressive woman by showing what she may have hoped to see, but certainly didn't expect to actually happen.

In hindsight, Kerry thinks it was mean to do this to the girl - cruel teasing. But Jasmine thinks it was a wonderful gift! And I could go either way. So what do you think??? I figured this was appropriate for what is now my 350th post.

###

Kerry was on a business trip in early December. And since she can't do without her daily exercise fix, she always seems to find a gym nearby. Here, she goes to classes or uses our Pilates machine at home almost every day. But you have to be a bit more creative when you're traveling, especially late in the evening. This time, she was lucky enough to have one that was part of the same building as her hotel.

As she was working out, the crowds slimmed down until there were just two other people in there with her: an older guy, and a girl who was a bit younger than her - probably in her mid-20s. And Kerry's no dummy, so she immediately picked up on the fact that the girl was checking her out.

When asked to describe the girl, Kerry simply told me that she looked rather elvish with a pixie cut and tramp stamp. «A short, or fashionable pixie cut?» was my question, since there's a difference. «Oh, definitely short. She was advertising her sexuality on her head.» Leave it to Kerry to say it like it is. In our case, neither of us really «look the part,» if you will.

As Kerry finished up, she glanced over and caught the girl gazing directly at her. Now, this is where one sees how different Kerry and I really are. I would see a cute little elvish girl like that, and it would only be a matter of time before I'd be fucking her back in my room. But not Kerry. She's so much stronger than me. And yet, she's also every bit as playful and sinister as I am. So Kerry figured, «Let's have some fun with this girl» and she smiled at her as she walked into the locker room.

Once she went in, Kerry counted in her head1234 She barely made it to 10 as the girl walked in, and immediately sparked up of a conversation: «I saw you walk in, and realized how late it was.»

It was almost - but not quite - over the top in how she obviously only walked in because Kerry did. She was giving off the vibe of a lesbian who had been there and done that, but Kerry sensed that she had less actual experience than she acted. She was much like so many celebrities who act far more sexual than they probably are - all to take on the «bad girl» image.

The girl also appeared to be the type who liked to be in control of a situation. Kerry giggled to herself: «We'll see about that»

But she couldn't think of a quick response to the girl's comment about how late it was. «Very true, but I imagine a place like this is open 24x7 since it's not staffed or anything.» In her head, Kerry was like: «Really? That's the best you can come up with, Kerry?!?!» So she continued, «So you here for work or something?» And she was: a sales position similar to Kerry's. Good, she thought. And they continued their conversation.

In the meantime, both were getting undressed. Kerry was undressed first, since the other girl had been wasting time lingering as she tried to pretend she wasn't watching Kerry (while Kerry never has a problem rapidly disrobing!). And if there's anyone who is perfectly comfortable in her skin, it's Kerry. So she just stood there and talked to the girl - who Kerry said was now having a very hard time maintaining a conversation without tripping over her words!

When the other girl was finally undressed, even Kerry couldn't help but notice her perky tits and well-trimmed pussy. Kerry piped in, «Well, I'm going to go take a quick shower. Are you  coming  too?» And yes, she emphasized the pronunciation of the word «coming.» Cheesy, I know. But it actually gets even worse!

«Oh, yeah,» the other girl responded. «Let me just put my stuff away first.» And rather than sitting down on a towel to reload things in her locker like any normal girl would, the girl literally bent over - facing away from Kerry - to give a nice, clear shot between her legs. It was so obvious that Kerry almost laughed! But instead, she thought to herself that two can play at this game

So while the girl was still bending over oh-so-obviously, Kerry reached up behind her and lightly traced her fingertips across the bottom of the girl's back where her tramp stamp was: «Nice tattoo.» That caused the girl to jump a bit. And yet again, this «I know everything» girl was at a loss for words. Clearly, she wasn't expecting a girl like Kerry to come along!

They went off to the showers. And since this was a small corporate gym, the showers weren't nearly as nice as you'd expect in a real gym. They were the open type like in a high school locker room. So Kerry turned and faced the girl, continuing the conversation as they bathed.

And it's hard to know whether she did this to tease Kerry or simply to extend their time lingering even longer, but a few minutes into the shower the girl started to shave her legs and then shave the sides of her pussy. Who does that in a public shower?!?! No one. Except this girl. Once againKerry thought to herself, «Touch! But two can play at this game»

So she piped in, «I haven't had to shave in a few years. I had laser hair removal done. Sure, it's expensive and takes a whole bunch of sessions, but it's so worth it.» And then she reached down and slowly rubbed her hand down the front of her pussy until her palm was resting on her smooth mound, as she stretched her fingers forward and ran them down across her labia.

The girl was speechless. Just stood there like a statue. Why Kerry turned this into a competition can only be explained by one simple fact: this was Kerry we're talking about.

So Kerry looked up at the girl, «Oh, come check it out. Seriously.» The girl nodded her head like she couldn't. «Oh, it's OK,» Kerry added. «There's no one else here. Just touch it. Feel how smooth it is.»

So the girl reached over, and barely tapped one finger across the top of Kerry's pussy. But before she could pull her hand away, Kerry grabbed it and said, «Nonolike this,» as she guided her hand down between her legs. The tenseness in the girl's hand eased off, as her fingers went limp in Kerry's hand. Perfect. So Kerry held her hand there. It was only for a brief second or two, but it was long enough that Kerry was able to lightly trace the girl's fingers down across her labia. «See? Nice and smooth, right?» The girl only grunted in affirmation, unable to even vocalize a word.

The girl stepped back after this, but had this look of shock and awe on her face. So Kerry did what she could to break it up, «It's nice, isn't it?» And then Kerry reached down one more time, and this time slipped a finger in and she said, «And no hair in the way to stop anything. It's wonderful.» Kerry said the girl could have fainted right there.

Time to change the subject. And Kerry had to pee. So she figured this would either completely freak that girl out, or push her even closer to the edge. «Standing under the water like this has made me have to peeyou don't mind do you?» Again, the girl just grunted and nodded her head.

The girl started to look away, so Kerry engaged in her a full-on discourse about the pros and cons of laser hair removal to maintain the girl's attention. Kerry squatted down just enough to open her legs a bit, and then started to release her bladder  as she talked and talked  about different types of lasers, the challenges with certain hair colors (like mine)  the number of treatments required, the cost, etc. All the while, Kerry's question was answered: this certainly didn't seem to freak the girl out. Quite to the contrary, she was mesmerized!

When Kerry finished, she told the other girl she could go too if she wanted - that it certainly wouldn't offend her a bit. «Are you sure,» she asked? Kerry just gave her a look that clearly communicated: «Are you kidding me?!?!» And then Kerry added, «There's nothing worse than having to pee after you get out of the shower - sitting on the seat while your butt is still wet - so go ahead.»

And then the other girl peed a little as well, but was stopped short when Kerry piped in: «Damn, girl, you need to drink more water or something.» That just made the girl laugh out loud, and she did stop at that point.

It was time to get out. But again Kerry just stood there very comfortable in her nudity as they dried off. She picked up her thong, tossed it back into her bag in a motion that she knew the girl saw, and put her jeans on. And then, with no bra she slipped into a sweatshirt.

The other girl was putting on more layers, so Kerry was dressed and ready to go as the girl stood there in her pants and bra. Kerry leaned over, kissed her on the cheek, and then whispered into her ear: «I may not be wearing a ring, but I'm still takenand she's wonderful." And as she walked away, the girl was still in shock. Kerry blew her a kiss, and simply said: «Sweet dreams.»

###

So what do you think? Was it cruel teasing, since Kerry clearly got that girl all hot and then left her hanging? Or was it a wonderful gift, since it's probably still giving her inspiration for solo play time? What do you think???

Kisses,

Renee

