Post # 20k: Doug and Diane's Hotel Rendezvous (m/f watersports)

26th September 2012, 07:41 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Doug paced around the hotel room nervously. A flood of emotions flowed through him as he awaited the knock at the door, but two dominated: excitement and guilt. He was waiting for a girl, Diane, that he had met online, one he had only conversed with via internet forums, private messages, and email. Even though this would be the first time they ever met, he loved her, and considered her to be his girlfriend. The fact that they were finally going to meet was the obvious source of his excitement. There was a problem, however: he was married. This was the reason for his guilt.

The two had met on a site called PeeSearch, a site dedicated to the watersports fetish they both shared. They had first conversed by some friendly replies to posts on the PeeSearch forums. Those initially friendly posts had more and more frequently turned flirtatious, and they soon started to send PMs to each other. Doug would have been happy at the time to leave their relationship this way, exchanging the brief, flirty PMs. He then discovered, however, that his wife had found an old high school crush of hers on Facebook, and was constantly calling and flirting with him. When Diane suggested that they start emailing each other, he readily agreed. He would almost assuredly have agreed to start his own telephone flirtations, but the fact that she lived on the other side of the world prevented this.

Still, even without being able to actually talk to each other, their relationship exploded when they started emailing. In addition to ramping up the sexual aspects of their relationship by sharing their wet fantasies of each other, as well as pictures and video of each other pissing, they also were able to learn about the other's likes, dislikes, work and family life, and hopes and dreams. It was during these exchanges that they fell in love with each other.

This wasn't what Doug had initially intended. It wasn't that he was still head over heels in love with his wife. Over twenty years of dealing with her extremely short temper, of being controlled by her, of hearing her berate him and call him names (even though he almost always replied with patience, and had never called her a name) had worn on him. He did still have feelings for her, as she still had her good moments, and they shared four kids together, but he would never love her like he used to.

Still, he hadn't ever expected things to go this far. He always considered himself to be a good guy, one who would never get involved in any way with another woman while he was married. But by the time his wife had stopped contacting her old crush, there was no way he could cut things off with Diane. It was a good thing that he wife never knew about her the way that he had found out about the guy she was talking to.

Doug had figured that things would never go beyond the fantasy stage, however, and had justified in his mind that he wasn't really cheating. That was before Diane had emailed him and let him know that she would be in the States for a couple of weeks, taking a business trip to Orlando, FL. He knew Orlando well, as there was a company there with whom he frequently did business, making about four to six trips a year to that city. He immediately went to work trying to set up a trip to Orlando. The best he could do, however, was to set up a trip that started on the day before Diane was scheduled to return home. Tonight would be his only chance to get together with her.

When he had set up the trip he had created some ground rules, rules so that he could still justify to himself that he wasn't cheating, even if his wife would see it VERY differently if she had found out. As he had fondled some strippers during trips to some clubs years before, he allowed for mutual fondling. They were also going to watch each other pee, give each other golden showers, and he would drink from her. However, there was to be no kissing, as he found that to be too intimate, and no oral or vaginal sex. Diane had desperately wanted to do each of things, but she understood Doug's situation, and reluctantly agreed.

As soon as his plane had landed Doug had used his phone to send a quick email, letting her know that he was in town. He sent another quick email as soon as he had checked into his hotel, letting her know his room number. Now he paced around his room, impatiently, with all of his emotions churning around inside him.

###-

Diane stood outside the door, her stomach filled with butterflies. She, too, was having to fight off guilt. She knew herself to be a moral person, yet here she stood, outside a married man's door, ready to go as far as he would let her. She remembered back to their first series of emails, when she had found out how poorly his wife often treated him, and how she had asked him to divorce her. She wasn't being selfish, as she had no reason to believe at the time that they would ever meet, but was rather concerned about his well being. Now she was wishing for selfish reasons that he had actually got that divorce. She wouldn't be feeling these pangs of guilt, and he wouldn't hold back the intercourse that she longed for.

She thought back to how she had come to love him. It had started out as an appreciation for the erotic stories that he wrote on PeeSearch. She found them well written and erotic, and was always turned on while reading them. Still, he wasn't the only writer whose stories she enjoyed. She reasoned that she probably started to fall in love with him after reading his personal story of his struggle to accept his watersports fetish.

She had found the story to be honest, and witty, and a fascinating look into his personality. She also could empathize with his struggles to accept his fetish, as she had felt many of those same emotions. Her feelings for him only continued to grow as she started flirting with him, first through replies to each other's posts, then PMs, and then the emails. She had fallen in love with him, and was not about to give up this chance to meet, hold, and make love to him, even if that love making may be limited by the restrictions he had set. She reached her hand up and knocked on the door.

###

Doug almost jumped at the sound of her hand hitting the door. He practically flew to door, and quickly swung it open. The two just stood there, motionless, for a few seconds. It hardly seemed real to either one of them. They had only seen each other in pictures and videos, and had only communicated with each other over the internet for two and a half years. Now they were standing there, face to face.

He knew that it was cliche, but Doug couldn't stop thinking that Diane looked even more beautiful in person than she did in the myriad of files he had saved on his computer and phone, which was quite an accomplishment. Her long red hair complimented her beautiful face. Her large breasts looked lovely on her fit but curvy body. He had asked her to wear a white T-shirt with no bra and cotton panties. She had obviously complied on the T-shirt, and was also wearing a blue vest so that no one else would have noticed her nipples poking through her shirt. She was also wearing a blue skirt, and Doug was certain that she was wearing the cotton panties underneath.

Diane was just as happy to see Doug. He was tall, at 6'4", and the graying around thesides of his brown hair gave him a distinguished look that she found to be handsome. While she liked the way that he looked when they first started sharing pictures, she preferred the way he looked now, after losing over 50 lbs on a diet. He was now tall, fit, and handsome, and, for tonight at least, he was now hers.

A wave of emotion washed over them, and they embraced, kissing each other with a passion that neither one had felt in years. It took a while, quite a while, in fact, for it to register with Doug that he had just violated one of his rules, and in only seconds after meeting her. The thought was brushed aside quickly, as he simply didn't care. He loved the feeling of holding her in his arms, the softness of her lips pressed tightly against his, and the wet warmth of her tongue as it danced together with his own. They were both in heaven.

When they finally broke off their kiss, they were able to say their first words to each other, face to face. "Hi Beautiful, you can't believe how happy I am that you're here," Doug said.

"Oh, I think I understand quite well, Gorgeous," she said to him. "I never believed that this day would come."

They couldn't stop looking at each other as they chatted for the first time ever, except to frequently hug and kiss each other. There was so much that they wanted to say to each other, but that could wait. Right now they both wanted to act on a desire for each other that had been building for quite some time.

Doug led her to the bed, and she had to giggle upon seeing it. Doug was a stickler that other people should not have to pay a price for his fetish, and that ideal was definitely reflected with the hotel bed. The hotel sheets had been completely stripped from the bed and were now lying on the floor, replaced with a mattress cover and some blankets that he must have stopped and purchased at a store on the way to the hotel.

They laid on the bed side by side, kissing each other, with Doug's hand fondling Diane's breasts through her thin T-shirt, and her hand rubbing his dick through his shorts. She whispered into his ear, «Gorgeous, I want you to piss on me. I've been waiting for it.»

Doug stood up off of the bed, as Diane set up at the edge of it, removing her blue vest. He pulled out his dick and started to piss all over her tits. The reason that he had asked her to wear the T-shirt is that he loved pictures and video clips that showed women wearing a blouse or T-shirt that had become transparent from being soaked with piss. He looked down at Diane and was instantly turned on as his stream started to make her shirt see-through, her wonderful tits and nipples revealing themselves under her pissy wet shirt. She loved the feeling of his hot piss stream soaking her chest, and started to rub her wet tits through her shirt. Doug found this to be incredibly sexy, causing his dick to harden before his bladder was empty. This was fine with him, as he wanted to save some pee for later.

He sat down beside her on the bed and gave her another passionate kiss. He then reached his hands and lowered his mouth down to her tits and started to massage and lick them through her shirt. Eventually she pulled the shirt over her head, and started to lick and suck on her naked flesh.

Diane swung her leg over so that she was sitting on his lap, facing him, while he continued to fondle her breasts and suck on her nipples. She then started to release her own bladder, wetting her panties as she sat on his lap, which she knew was one of his favorite fantasies.

Doug couldn't believe how good it felt as his shorts became warm and wet, as her piss started to soak his dick and balls, and as it started to pool beneath him. Even though they had never met, she knew him so well, knew all of the fantasies that he wanted to share with her.

As she finished her piss she started to grind herself on his lap. Doug had received lap dances years before at strip clubs, but this was different in so many ways. This time loved the woman on his lap, the most beautiful he had ever seen, and the wet piss added another wonderful dimension.

Diane enjoyed the pressure on her pussy as she was grinding into him. She longed to feel him inside her, wanted to feel his dick thrusting in and out of her as she kissed him and held him tight. He had decided that doing so would be going to far, however, but this was a decent compromise. The feelings she had for him, and the pressure on her clit as she continued to grind, combined to send her into an orgasm.

Doug felt her body shudder as she started her orgasm, and started to gently bite her nipple as she came. Having Diane orgasm on top of his lap almost too much him, and he had to concentrate to keep from cumming himself. He was more turned on than he had been in years, possibly more than he had ever been. As she came off of her orgasm he decided that he had to have her. All of her.

He swifty moved her off his lap and laid her down on the bed. He just had to taste her piss, so he quickly pulled up her skirt, placed his head in between her legs, and started to suck the piss out of her panties.

He was rewarded for his decision to ask her to wear cotton panties. These panties had soaked up a fair amount of her piss, and he sucked on the panties and licked her pussy through them. He then pulled the panties aside and started to vigorously lick and suck on her clit.

Diane could not believe how good it felt. Past lovers had been selfish when it came to eating her pussy, doing so half-heartedly and quickly, performing it as a sense of obligation before selfishly moving on to something they wanted more. Doug was different. He wanted to lick her pussy, to take in the smell and taste of her piss and other juices, and to give her as much pleasure as possible. She loved that her pleasure turned him on. She knew what would turn him on even more: to piss while he went down on her. She wished that she had more in her bladder, but she hadn't expected Doug to do this, to break another one his rules. Still, she had a little bit of pee left in her, and slowly released it.

Doug loved the surprise he received when she started to pee. He swallowed as much of her hot piss as he could as it hit his tongue. It was over much too quickly. He showed his appreciation by attacking her pussy even harder, and reached up and pinched her nipples as he ate her. It was not long until Diane's body shuddered as she entered a second orgasm.

As soon as she came off of her orgasm Doug moved up the bed and started kissing her, while at the same time sliding his dick into her awaiting pussy. Diane wanted this, as much as he did, but she knew that he would later feel guilty about already breaking some of his rules, and decided that she had to give him the opportunity not to break all of them. «Are you sure that this is what you want, Gorgeous?» she asked him.

«Yes, yes, I not only want it, I need it,» he replied, gently sliding his dick in and out of her.

«Then fuck me! I want you to fuck me hard!»

Doug eagerly complied. He started thrusting into her harder, continually picking up the pace. Diane's body was shaking with every thrust, and she started to whimper with pleasure. Just meeting Doug was more than she had ever hoped for, and now she was making love to him. She could feel the pleasure increasing every time he hammered his cock into her, and she knew that another orgasm was not far off.

Doug felt her body tense against his as she came again, and this sent him over the top, and he released several strong spurts of cum into her pussy. He stayed inside her after they both finished cumming, and gave her another long, passionate kiss. He had one more surprise left for her: as they were kissing, he released the rest of his bladder through his now semi-hard cock into her pussy.

Diane had always dreamed of Doug pissing inside her, and held him tight, her lips locked with his, as she felt his piss filling up her pussy, running out of her lips and down her ass cheeks, and pooling beneath her. She didn't want this moment to end.

###

Doug was now lying down on his back, awake, with Diane's head resting against his shoulder, an arm and a leg draped over him, as she slept. He knew that the guilt would come soon, but for right now, he was living a dream. He kissed her forehead before fading off to sleep, unable to recall the last time he felt this happy.

