Wet Golden Dreams

25th June 2011, 05:15 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Late last night, I called your name as I rubbed myself against my bed, my full bladder distended, the rubbing both pain and pleasure, and I pictured your face as I relaxed and slowly let myself wet on a thick rolled up towel, spurting and thrusting in hot wet gushes, feeling it pool beneath me, relishing as it warmed my pussy and lower tummy and slid a little between my thighs, and as I did this I rubbed my clit, which was slick and hot and swollen, and as my last hot pee gushed over my fingers, I came, hard, thinking of you.

Thinking of you watching me, being with me, perhaps half lying over me, our naked bodies touching, your hard cock sliding along my tight round ass cheeks, the tip of your cock sliding below to rub my pussy lips and feel my hot piss soaking you as I let go; I imagined you lifting your cock as I finished, and laying it on my round butt and peeing on me so it ran down between my ass cheeks, over my pussy lips, pooling beneath me as I shuddered and whimpered and breathed your name; I thought you might take your cock and slide it underneath me and allow your hot wonderful golden liquid to stream against my pussy, stimulating my clit, filling my pussy.

And as your bladder emptied and you hardened I imagined you lifting my hips, raising my butt, and sliding hard into me from behind, slamming into my wet soaking pussy. Eager for more you would turn me around, and suckle and bite my large firm creamy beasts, paying attention to my erect rosy nipples. You would rub your cock against my clit, pull me to the edge of the bed and let me sling my legs over your shoulders so you could thrust deep inside me, deep, hard frenzied, abandoned in our lust, my gasps, my calls of pleasure, interspersed with wet erotic open mouthed kisses. 

Then, because you take so delightfully long to cum, I would let you slide out, lie back in the still warm wet puddle, and I would straddle you, allowing that bit of pent up pee I always have no matter how much I try to empty, slide out of me, hot, wet, golden, all over your cock and balls, before I impale myself on you and slide up and down on you, leaning my torso forward so you can reach my breasts, kiss my lips, taste my tongue, my red curls flying, beads of sweat on my soft supple skin, sometimes leaning back so you slide in deeper, my head back, lost in lust, calling your name.

Before you cum I would again move positions, this time to a more classic missionary, so I can feel every part of you, and you every part of me, as you slide inside me, slower now, moving more rhythmically, some of our lust abated now. Our bodies sticking together, wet with sweat and golden pee, kissing passionately and more tenderly as you feel your orgasm approaching, and I let myself go, and we come together, and as you do more pee spills from you, and we collapse in a warm wet tangled heap, breathing hard, heart's pumping, tired, ecstatic, smiling, giggling, enjoying that tired feeling that a great orgasm brings~! I imagine that we would fall asleep, touching, and when I awaken I will find you lying over me, suckling my still tender nipples one at a time in your mouth, biting softly.

As I murmur and mewl and undulate my body under you, feeling your hard shaft and trying to manoevre so you slide inside me. But you would tease me instead, sliding the slippery wet tip of your hardness along my slit, across my swollen clit, feeling the heat and wetness of me as you do so. You smile as I groan, desperate to have you inside me, and the tip of your tongue touches the tip of my nipple, making my belly shudder against you, and your cock slide against my wet pussy as my hips buck instinctively at the touch of your tongue. Your cock twitches against me as you hear my sharp intake of breath and feel seeping hot wetness against you from my molten core. You have somehow swallowed my nipple, sucking hard, but as you feel my body move again, my pussy moving against your cock, your lips release my nipple with a small wet plop and you find my mouth.

As our tongues meet and dance, and sizzling fiery sensations fill the pits of our bellies, you move just a little and your hard cock slides all the way inside me, pushing, stretching, filling, feeling ripples of velvety soft, delightfully wet, tight muscles engulf you, pulling you deeper, tightening on you; and you hear the breath leave my body, and those soft sighs I make as you thrust into me. Our eyes meet, both filled with the wonder and delight at this feeling, and then lust ignites, and we kiss hungrily, greedily, and you lose control as I beg you to fuck me, hard, and all thought leaves our minds as feelings take over.

We are in perfect sync, you thrust in, I thrust my hips to meet you and tighten my pelvis so my inner muscles tighten on you and draw you in. You slide out, my muscles reluctantly relaxing, allowing you to slide out, to that delightful soft wet sucking sound. You thrust back in, and with every thrust, you hear my deep intake of air, my soft murmuring, my louder sighs, and it spurs you even more. Lips locked, tongues caressing, lost in our own world, we move as one, joined in one purpose. My legs move and somehow wrap around yours, holding you in deeper. Sighs become moans, slow deep strokes become frenzied, fast stabs, and I tell you I love how you make me feel.

Just as my head feels like it might explode I hear from your breathing, see from the look in your eyes, and feel from the thickening and moving of your cock, that you need to cum. Our eyes meet, and I love that look you have in yours, hope you love seeing in mine how much I love you, and how I love fucking you, then I close my eyes, throw back my head, feel my thighs tighten almost painfully pulling my ankles against your legs, you thrust in and grunt, still pumping as I feel you fill me with your wonderful warm wet seed, followed by your flowing streaming pent up after-sex and sleep.

Hot wet piss, soaking me, running in rivulets from me and under my ass, and I relax enough to let go and allow my gushing pee to mix with yours, and your cum, and as you finish peeing inside me, and my bladder empties against you, I cum yet again, hard, my pussy muscles clamping on your slowly softening cock, my ragged voice calling your name. Spent at last you collapse in my arms, and I cradle you, softly caressing your back till you fall asleep, still locked inside me~!

Sadly when I finally woke, I was alone. Wet, tired from an amazing solo orgasm, but alone. Perhaps one day when I open my eyes again you will still be there?~!

