What a man will do for a Lady

20th January 2009, 08:13 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I did this in responce to an email dare from a friend of mine. She ask me to dress girly and hold till I was bursting I was then to find a long line at a female restroom. I didn't manage her exact request but had a fun night anyway. This is my email responce.

Lucy, you have seen a picture of me. I don't have a girlie looking peace of clothing to my name. But last night I went to a bar here in town. I thought and thought about what I had to wear that would satisfy your demands. I started with a pair of white nylon panties. They felt really good against my cock and I started to get hard looking at myself in the mirror. I already needed to pee and wondered what they would look like wet but I wanted to follow your orders so I waited. I searched my closet for something that looked girlie. I'm sorry but I just don't have anything. I do have a pair of black jeans and white shirt to wear at funerals and weddings. Guess that will have to do. I put them on over the panties. I finished dressing. Lucy, I have to admit I didn't look very much like a girl. Black cowboy boots, black jeans, white shirt, vest, and black hat. I took a pic later after I got home if you would like to see it.

I was already bursting by the time I got to the bar and found a table in the back. I figured this would be a short night but when I set down I felt some better. I ordered a bourbon and coke form a really cute waitress and set there sipping and fidgeting for a few minutes. I decided to make it last as long as I could. The waitress came over to check on me and I made sure she saw me fidgeting in my chair.

There was no line at the bathrooms but I thought I might just check them out. A little walking around might help with my desperation. I went into the men's room and washed my hands, looking longingly at the toilets. I held on though. I saw a broom behind the door and got an idea. I positioned a trash can between the door and sink and fixed the broom so it would fall against the door when I closed it behind me. It worked pretty good and the door would not open up after I closed it. I went back to my table and waited. Pretty soon a guy got up and went to the bathroom. Sure enough he couldn't get in. He called a waitress that was passing by and she also tried. After a few minutes another lady came over and tried the door herself. She left and came back with an "out of order" sign to put on the door. Am I brilliant or what? Now the only working bathroom is the ladies.

My waitress came back over and I had her bring me another drink. When she got back with the drink I really was getting quite desperate and I made sure she noticed. She ask me if everything is alright. I grabbed my crotch and told her I really needed to pee. She told me the men's room was closed but I could use the ladies. I grinned and told her I was afraid to get up that I might wet my pants. She laughed but I saw her take a quick look at my crotch. I watched her walk back to the bar and saw her talking to another waitress. They both looked my direction and giggled. I continued watching them and caught them glancing at me several times. I made sure to let them both knew I was desperate. I was squirming and fidgeting and, if I knew they were watching, I would hold my cock.

Pretty soon they both came over to the table and ask if I needed anything. I didn't need another drink yet and told them I was good but they didn't leave right away. They stayed and started talking to me. The other waitress ask me if I was sure I didn't need anything and I laughed and said I really needed a working bathroom but I was afraid I wouldn't make it if I tried. The first girl ask me if it was really that bad. I could tell by the look in her eyes she was intrigued. I said "hell yes it is really that bad" and we all laughed. Someone at another table called and the second waitress went to help them but the first one stayed. I said to her " If I didn't know better I'd think you would like to see a full grown cowboy wet his pants." She giggled and said " you can't never tell, I just might." I told her to hang around and she just might get her wish. We both laughed again. She had to check on another table but told me she would be right back.

I really didn't know if I could hold on till she got back and I was remembering your orders to get in the line at the ladies room. I looked toward the ladies room but there was only two people in line. I thought to myself "that that might have to do" but, before I got up both waitress came back and started talking to me again. I caught them both glancing at my crotch and, laughing, told them I was still dry. They were a little embarrassed at being caught but just giggled to each other. I told them not to worry that they would get their wish. I knew If I tried for the bathroom I wouldn't make it.

The first waitress set down and very seriously ask me what I was going to do. I told her I knew I would wet my pants if I stood up and I didn't want everyone in the bar to see. She really looked sorry for me and I laughed and told her not to worry so much. I said I was wearing black pants and to tell the truth the whole thing was kinda turning me on. I didn't want to tell her just how much it was turning me on but I was just wanting to see how perverted she thought I was.

I was really glad when she said it was turning her on to. She ask me again what I was going to do and I said I figured I had only one choice, wet my pants right here. I said if I wet them now and then set for awhile maybe they would be dry enough so no one would notice when I did get up to leave. She really became interested and said she thought that was a great idea. I said " What about the wet floor?" She said not to worry. She was the one that mopped up this section and the floor was always a wet mess by the end of the night anyway. I laughed and said " here goes".

She caught me off guard before I got started though. She ask me if they could watch. I looked around and no one seemed to be watching us. I said sure. ( this is one of my best fantasies come true ) I scooted back in my chair enough for them to get a good look and started to wet my pants. Just as the wet spot started showing around my zipper she took me by surprise again. She ask me to unzip my pants. She wanted to see my underwear getting wet. I managed to stop the flow and was just starting to unzip when I remembered what I was wearing. Now how could I explain this?

The other waitress walked around the table and set down beside me to get a closer look, waiting for me to unzip. I was thinking hard how to explain the panties. I decided to come clean and tell them some of the reason I was there tonight. I didn't tell them everything but I did tell them I had a lady friend that had dared me to wear panties in public and hold my piss until I was desperate. They both laughed and said they were really glad I had picked their bar. I ask them not to laugh and continued to unzip. As the panties came into view both girls leaned in to have a closer look. About that time someone else called and both girls needed to leave. They begged me to wait til they got back. I told them I would do by best. I left my pants unzipped and scooted back up under the table.

I thought about my situation while they were gone. Here I was setting in a crowed bar wearing now wet panties with my pants unzipped and two girls asking me wet my pants in public. This was really turning me on. I held on til the first waitress came back. She said Shelly, the other girl would be tied up for awhile. I told her I couldn't wait much longer and she said I shouldn't wait. I slid my chair out enough for her to see and and finally started to let my piss flow. At first it surprised me by shooting straight out and arching up towards my shirt. I grabbed my cock through the panties and repositioned it so the pee would spread out through the panties and in my pants. I peed for ages and the pee was splattering on the floor making a huge puddle under the table. I had leaned back in my chair and was sipping my drink as if there was nothing wrong. I was watching her eyes and she never took them off my crotch as I was wetting.

As I finished I started getting hard and my cock was making a tent in the wet panties and sticking out of my jeans. She was silent for a minute as she continued looking at my wet cock then slowly she looked me in the eyes. "That is the hottest thing I have ever saw" she said. "Did it really turn you on?" I ask. "More than anything" she said. I really was very excited thinking I finally had a pee partner here close to home. I was so disappointed to find out this was her last week here before moving to the west coast. Just my luck.

To make a long story short, the bar was really getting busy and she had been at my table long enough. She was afraid she may get in trouble if she stayed longer. I told her I was going to try sneak out unnoticed and hoped to see her again before she left. I went home and had one of the greatest masturbation sessions of my life. I loved the feel and sight of the wet panties on me. I may go back and feel out Shelly, the other waitress. Maybe she will be a candidate for a pee partner. She did seem interested.

