Nudists Peeing

26th April 2010, 03:18 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

As some of you know by now, I'm Emily and my husband is Josh. In two months we will celebrate out 2nd wedding anniversary. Josh and I became interested in watersports about a year before we were married while we both were still in college. I was raised a nudist and I converted Josh to the lifestyle before we were married. We continue to enjoy both nudism and pee play. Being raised a nudist sometimes we participated in casual peeing with or in view of other nudist friends. None of this was sexual and it wasn't untill I was in my third year of college and took a class on sexaulity this I learned some people actually enjoyed pee play and got a sexual kick out of peeing.

I have already posted about nudists and casual peeing so I won't bore you with details except to say most nudists if thay will admit it at one time or another have out of necessity openly peed in view of close friends. These casual peeing incidents are not everyday events - most just happen and nobody comments or seems to notice.

While I was in college I was introduced to Chelsea, another lifelong nudist my age. Despite attending different colleges we became close friends as we both had much in common. She and her husband Sean were married a month after Josh and I were. The four of us get together regularly for nude socalizing. In the summer mostly we swim, in the winter mostly we hottub, even in the cold Ohio winters.

Like other nudists were quite relaxed about out bodies and like many other newlywed couples were comfortable about talking about our sex lives with very close friends. For some reason nudists are just more relaxed about these things than the general population.

Last Saturday Josh and I headed to Sean and Chelsea's for a long overdue visit. We got naked as soon as we arrived and visited for about two hours before deciding to get dressed and go out for dinner. Before dressing Josh and I headed to the bathroom to pee, after all we had been there a couple of hours in addition to our hour long drive down. Without thinking I backed over and straddled the toilet to pee into the bowl and like we often do at home when were in a hurry Josh stood on front of me and also peed at the same time . Without thinking I had left the bathroom door open as we always do at home and frequently do when around close nudist friends.

As we were finishing up Chelsea suddenly rounded the corner and grabbed her hairspray. We four finished dressing and headed out to a nice resteraunt in Sean and Chelsea's new SUV. On the way Chelsea asked Josh and me "what exactly were you and Josh doing in the bathroom back there". She then explained to Sean that both of us appeared to be peeing at the same time. All of us laughed and Josh explained thats exactly what we were doing, peeing. I then explained that in out crowded upstairs bathroom at home we often "share'" peeing in the toilet. While showering together of course we have lots more room and dont have to aim any particular place so we just let go while soaping up, shaving, washing hair etc. Chelsea recalled back in college I once mentioned to her that Josh and I were experimenting with golden showers. She casually asked how that was going for us and explained they had never ventured beyond casual peeing with each other.

Our pee discussion was inturrupted while in the resteraunt but continued the minute we got in the SUV after dinner. Sean just could not grasp how anyone could find any type of sexual pleasure with pee. Josh told him that was they way he felt too when he first met me. Josh and I are quite close to Chelsea and Sean, so I openly admitted we enjoy peeing with and on each other and were both comfy tasting each others too. After we returned to their home all four of us undressed right in the living room and headed back outside to the hottub where the water was a comfy 95 degrees as opposed to the 60 degree air temperature. We hottubbed, drank laughed and just talked about a whole gammet of things, work, politics, sex, etc.

After about two hours Sean got up and announced he was drying off to head inside to pee. After he disappeared in the house, Josh jumped out, walked about 15 feet from the hottub, peed and immediately returned to the hottub. Sean appeared about 20 seconds later and jumped back in shivering cold. I chided him if he didn't waste time drying off and going inside he would not be cold, Josh kided him he peed and was back in within anout 60 seconds or so.

Sean and Josh got into a discussion about "guy pee". I seems that when you put a bunch of guys and several cases of beer together late at night guys will often whip it out and pee in close proximity to each other behind the garage, barn or whatever without thinking about it. Josh explained to Sean that peeing outside while totally naked in the presence of others was for him the ultimate feeling of freedom. Josh also explained for the most part aiming was unnecessary depending of course on your location and other circumstances.

Chelsea and Sean continued to ask questions about the sexual side of peeing. Josh and I suggested they give it a try sometime, after all it costs nothing and it is the 'ultimate sharing'. Sean just could not grasp the concept of peeing being sexual even tho he is confortable around Chelsea. Soon Chelsea announced she had to pee, she got out, grabbed a robe ran in, peed and returned. I commented to Sean, "see that wasn't very sexual was it?". Then I asked him "but what do u think of this? as I jumped out and faced him while peeing on a decorative rock. As I returned to the hottub I asked one more question "now what if YOU were laying there in place of the rock?"

We hottubbed for another 30 minutes before heading inside to shower. Josh and I showered first then Sean and Chelsea. After they got out and were drying off I asked "well guys, what do you think now?" Both claimed not to know what i ment, but I havent seen nudists blush like that in a long time.

Josh and I are anxiously waiting for our next visit with them.

Emily and Josh

