Theater of Piss

23rd January 2007, 06:43 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

I had just posted a bit about my friends mother at a drive-in. Which prompted this short story. It's much hotter than dude's mom (at least I think so)

:::Picture Felice- age 29. Nice and plumperfect at size 14. She has long black hair and is wearing a short orange cotton skirt with a black sweater, and black platform boots with kneehigh socks. Her afternoon is going to be intense and she will never forget it, and neither will you:::

Felice was at the movie theater during an afternoon chickflick matinee. There were only 8 other patrons in the huge theater and they were about 20 rows down from her chosen seat in the back. They were all female. Halfway through the movie her bladder felt full but she did not want to miss the 5 movie minutes while she went to the restroom. She enjoyed the fullness and the tingle she felt in her clitorus as she held her hand cupped over it under her skirt. She really didnt want to piss her chair, as eventually it gets cold and she really didnt want to sit in it, or for it mingle it with probably others dried piss either. She kept sipping her drink and squirmed around a bit, sitting up straighter, making it easier to not have an accident.

The idea crossed her mind to squat on the floor in front of her seat and pull her panties to the side and piss a puddle right there on the cement. She allowed her thought of that to move her finger, rubbing her clit while savoring that idea. The rubbing helped to distract her from the urgency of the need to piss for a few minutes. It was turning her on to secretly masturbate like this, and she leaned back and put her feet up on the seat in front of her. She scooted to the edge of her seat and continued to masturbate.

The panties she wore were tiny and loose and she pulled them to the side and tucked them under her ass so that now her pussy was positioned right at the seat edge. She spread her legs more and took another long drink of her cola, emptying the cup except for the ice.

She took the lid off and dropped it on the floor and held the cup between her legs. The need to release piss was intense. She reached into the cup and pulled out an ice cube and held it against her hot vagina. The ice melted and ran a dribble slowly into the cup. The sensasion was incredible, and it filled her with lust, thinking about the naughtiness of the act she was about to discreetly do. It took a moment for her to relax, and for her to begin to trickle and flow into the cup. She could hear it splashing and hoped no one else could. She tried to piss quietly, but it wasnt working. The movie was at a quiet part and she tried to stop but couldnt.

Her fingers had gotten wet and slippery from her pussy and the cup slipped and hit the floor. She felt a few drops of urine spash up on the underside of her legs. She managed to stop urinating then, after a bit of a pressure was released . She rubbed herself more then, using the piss as lubricant.

The relief she'd felt, coupled with the naughtiness rush was making for a fine movie experience, but although she was staring straight at the screen, she couldnt recall anything the actors had really said or done for the past 5 minutes.

She scooted further back and tilted her pelvis up more and drying her hands on her socks, then used both hands to spread her pussy lips. Her skirt was pulled up right above her pubic area and she let herself relax and a thin stream arced forward and sprayed the back of the chair in front of her. She watched it for a few seconds, then halted the flow and squeezed her legs together and plunged her middle finger inside her vagina. She used another finger to move her clit around in a circle. The movie noise was building during an intense scene, and she pulled open and up on her labia and this time using the opportunity of the noise to cover the sound, and the pressure force to send a thick fount straight up into the air directly in front of her. She could see it rise in the air and separate into big drops, and felt some warmth splash right on her vagina and run over her clit and down in her crack.

The seat was getting a little wet but now she was so hot she didnt care. She thought, "What if one of those women had turned around and had seen my piss shooting up 2 feet in the air???" She looked at the backs of their heads and "picked" the one she'd fantasize now about doing this. The woman she picked had very long hair tied tightly in a big bun on top. Felice, imagined the shocked look on the woman's prim prudish face if she happened to turn around at the moment her jet was in the air.

She rushed on this thought a few moments then compulsively pissed as hard as she could. The arc shot forward this time, and not straight up. She watched it spray over 2 rows and land probably right on the cushion, as it made no sound. The woman did not turn around, but at this point of her fantasy and the depth of this erotic hot moment, Felice was willing her to. She was alternating the masturbating with the sprays and each time each brought her closer to orgasm. She sprayed forth again and this time cleared 3 rows and heard it start to splash down on the cement. The lady did then this time turn around, in fact so did several of them, but if any one of them did see Felice's beautiful fountain no one said anything, and they all just turned back around.

This about put her over the edge. She sat there caught up in this, this naughty insanity of discreet public masturbation and risky pissing, thinking of the puddle beneath her and reliving the sight of her piss flying so impressively far, hearing the splash, seeing the uppity sophisticated inquisitives turn around, and watching their faces as she masturbated right in front of them, looking right back at them, and them seeing not and knowing not of what she had just done and was doing, seemingly oblivious to it.

She was on the verge of orgasm now and surrendering to it, began pissing again while she used two fingers, moving them in and out, feeling it gush and squirt forward each time she pulled them out. Her other hand's fingers rubbed her clit hard and fast, side to side and she sprayed and trickled and came at the same time.

She tried to keep her breathing quiet, as she'd been all too loud. The bun hair lady turned around not two seconds after Felice climaxed. She was still dripping. The lady made eye contact with her as she tried to control her breathing. Her vagina were muscles gripping and releasing her fingers. Then the lady turned back around and resumed viewing the movie. She watched as the lady whispered in the ear of the woman next to her.

The intensity of this orgasm was mindblowing, and she just sat there for awhile, still dripping, pussy twitching and then a few minutes later, began to regain her composure.

Felice pulled some tissues from her purse and dabbed at her drenched pussy. She stood up and let her panty crotch slide back and not caring about missing the movie now, she thought about how she would rent it someday and perhaps watch it on girlfriend movie night. And how she'd recall each dribble and spray and sexlustrush again privately with nowthen her friends oblivious to her perverse delights.

She got to the end of the aisle and put her jacket on. Her hand brushed slowly over her crotch and felt the dampened panties soak the front of her skirt. She walked down onto the staircase on trembling legs. She held the rail on the stairs and moved slowly. She was a few rows behind the diamonduppities when another wicked idea crossed her mind. To finalfinale this adventure off she imagined the strangers as her friends group, and in a few seconds had attached a friends name to each. She opened the clasp of her purse and as she arrived at the end of their row, dropped it on purpose.

Felice sighed audibly. She squatted down about 20 feet away from her "girlfriends"

"Greta"

"Kimber"

"Leah"

"and her sister Kelly", "Maria"

"Jess" and "Laura and Linda" , and began to retrieve the items that had fallen from her purse. Right there she let go, and then pushed and squirted and soaking through her chilly wet panties, warming them again, and also making a puddle. She watched, pretending to be looking for her purse contents, and saw that was not soaking in, but instead sitting on the carpet and shining in the movie light.

It was silent and a rush of relief as to now finally release it all...and she completely emptied her bladder right there on the red carpet floor. Throughout this final piss, she saw out of the corner of her eye occasionally, and with furtive uppity down their nose glances, that a few of the women had turned and were looking at her. She continued pretending to be searching, and ignored them until her trickle subsided and the streamlets that ran down her bottom and under her thighs had nearly stopped dripping.

She by then had found all her items and now stood up and snap-closed her purse. And then taking one more look at the now huge puddle, in which the movie screen refected beautifully, she resumed descending the stairs. At the bottom, with her back to the her friends/stranger ladies, she stood for a few moments more, with her panties draining the drops into rivulets down her legs and soaking in her socks.

She turned and looked right at the women once more, who now all but one stared right back at her. Some looked confused, one looked angry, 2 had their mouth open and looked at her with wide open much to mascara'd eyes.

But the woman whom she'd most fantasized about, and who was stand-in actress for her friend Kimber, (the one with the long hair tied in a bun) was the only one who would not look at her now. The Kimber-not-Kimber stared right at the movies screen, and smiling...

Still high from this excitement, Felice left the theater in a euphoria that didnt subside for yet another hour and a half, until she was home, and enjoying two more orgasms with the aid of a nice waterproof vibrator, had relived it all again in her mind.

She put up a sticky note later to remind her to invite the girls over and rent that movie as soon as its out on DVD.

