Roommates Part 11: The Massage

27th May 2013, 05:11 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After their hot tub time ended, the girls were led to another room, this one with two massage tables, some fake trees with white lights strung through them, and a serenity fountain in the corner. Denise almost wanted to laugh at the tackiness of it, but she was sure the massage would be incredible. Especially after she spotted the two men, one at each table. One of them wore a black shirt that hugged his muscles nicely. Denise could tell he had good, strong arms, perfect for a masseuse (and maybe more). The other was a little less bulky, but still slender with longer brown hair and an attractive beard. Starla and Denise looked at each other and smiled.

«Gentlemen, if you could leave the room for a bit,» the escort said, «and give these girls a few minutes to get ready.» The two men did as she asked and as the three of them left Denise and Starla alone.

«Oh my god,» Starla said, her eyes wide. «This just might end up being the greatest massage of my life.»

«I know, right?» Denise said.

After some nonverbal debate, the girls disrobed and crawled onto the massage table of their choice. Denise chose the one with the longer-haired young man, figuring her larger-than-life friend would appreciate a man to match her proportions. Also, Denise liked her men a little on the rugged side. After they were covered up, there was a light knock at the door.

«Ready ladies?» The girls said they were ready and the two men entered. Denise could not help but moan as the young man first began to rub at her neck with firm but pleasant force. She could also hear Starla's whimpers of pleasure as her masseuse worked on her neck and shoulders as well.

«So,» Starla mumbled, «am I the best friend ever, or what?»

«Ohhh, you are,» Denise answered. The men continued to massage the girls' necks, shoulders, and back. Denise felt herself nodding off several times until a low voice stirred her.

«Do you mind if I lift the towel to rub the back of your thighs?» Denise just mumbled her answer and the man lifted the towel and placed it just below her buttocks. He ran his strong hands from just above her heels, across her calves, and slowly up her thighs, stopping just beneath where the towel ended. A tingle between her legs sent shivers all over her body.

«Oooh, I'm sorry,» Denise said.

«It's okay. That's normal. If you feel uncomfortable, I can stop.»

«No, please, don't stop.» The man repeated the movement and Denise gasped as his hands stopped just below her buttocks again. The same tingling feeling overtook her, but this time she felt a twinge in her bladder. Uh oh, she thought. Denise had heard about people accidentally peeing themselves during a massage, and, in spite of everything that had happened, she did not want to have an accident in front of this guy she had never met, not to mention the damage to the massage table and towels. He rubbed up her thighs again and this time she had to clench as a spasm hit her bladder.

«Just relax,» he said. Denise could hear Starla moaning and could only assume her masseuse was performing a similar act on her. She wondered if it triggered the same reaction.

«Um, I can't,» she said. «This is embarrassing, but I have to pee.» She started to sit up, but the man began to rub her thighs again, pressing her down firmly but tenderly.

«That's also normal. Being this relaxed can trigger those sorts of feelings. If you can't control it anymore, just let go.»

«Are you serious?» she asked.

«Denise,» Starla said, «listen to the man… ohh… It happens. In fact… uhhhhh.» Curious about her friend's moans, Denise lifted her head and peeked over. To her amazement, Starla had spread her legs apart and, as her masseuse rubbed at her lower back, released her bladder. Denise could hear it splashing onto the towel beneath Starla's naked body. «Ohh, that's so nice,» Starla said. The masseuse never halted his massage as Starla moaned again.

«Come on, now,» Denise's masseuse said. «Why don't you roll over on your side and I'll work on your neck.» Something in his voice was both commanding and comforting. It was sexy as hell. Denise did as he said, not caring that as she rolled over, her towel unraveled and dropped to the floor. The man picked it up and placed it back over her, covering her breasts and crotch. So he's a gentleman, too. As he began to caress her neck gently, Denise closed her eyes. «That's it,» he said. «Relax. You're too tense. I promise it's okay. I don't mind.»

Denise moaned as the man rubbed a spot in her neck that seemed to liberate all of the tension she had been clinging to her entire life. It traveled in a wave from her neck, to her shoulders, to her chest, to her stomach, and finally to her bladder. Sighing, she let go and sprayed her pee into the towel at her crotch. The warmth as it soaked her thighs and trickled between her legs was so wonderful that she could not stifle a gasp. The sound of her pee as it squirted from her crotch could be heard throughout the room.

«Sound like… you're really…ahhh… enjoying yourself,» Starla said.

«Mmm hmmm… ohh.»

As the man continued to rub her neck, reaching closer to her chest, Denise moaned, feeling her warm flow tickle her clitoris. «Ohhh...I think I'm gonna...» Biting her lip to keep from screaming, Denise shuddered as she climaxed. Meanwhile, her masseuse continued his work, seemingly unaffected. She opened her eyes, though, and noticed a bulge in his pants that suggested otherwise.

«I'm sorry,» Denise said.

«That's okay. That's also quite normal.»

Denise peered over at Starla, who was now also on her back, enjoying a foot rub. «You really are the best friend ever.»

