My Wife's Friend, Marla; Part 2

13th November 2006, 05:21 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Marla was still spending a lot of time at our house and now that the ice had been broken about my «wetting thing» we were even getting along better. After the episode at the pool, my wife, Candy confided that I would probably enjoy what she'd started. She said that Marla really liked the look I had on my face when she peed in her swimsuit and knew it pleased me. Candy suggested to Marla approvingly, that it was OK if she did it again. I waited for the next episode.

I like to cook and try to prepare most of the meals. I think I'm like a lot of guys with bigger eyes than a stomach, so there is always enough for visitors, especially visitors like Marla. I also do a lot of the chores around the house trying to keep my wife happy and lately I've been getting little rewards. Frequently, I'll find wet panties or a yellow stained bikini bottom lying about when I arrive home from work, one of the those bikinis I'm sure, was Marla's. I couldn't resist pressing the pee stained crotch to my nose. The girls have taken to talking about the odd little indiscretions that they or one their friends have had. I'm sure they've found, that it's all just a way to tease me.

A couple of weeks ago they arrived home from one of their shopping trips together. I saw them through the window when they pulled into the driveway. I couldn't help noticing Marla get out of the drivers seat and stand giggling at Candy. She was standing with her back to me examining the crotch and legs of her skintight, grey capris pants. There was no doubt what she had done. A wet stain surrounded the base of her butt and stretched down the in-seam of both legs almost to her high-heeled feet. I couldn't wait for this story. Equally noticeable was Candy, walking that funny walk she has when she's done something naughty, giggling and pinching her puss through the front of her flowered summer dress. A little wet patch had formed where she was touching herself.

«Honey, Marla just wet her pants again.»

Marla just as quickly replied. «I wasn't the only one, take a second and check out your wife's panties. Besides, she did it first.»

All I could do was mumble something foolish, which just got us all laughing more. Then I thought better and said, «Look its after three, lets have a little refreshment. By the way, how was shopping?»

Cocktails in hand they both tried to outdo one another, all the while Marla was walking around the kitchen little concerned that she'd peed herself. Her wet ass and puss were a feast for my eyes. I could not help but notice her lips protruding through the soft material of her thin pants. When she would turn her butt in my direction, the outlines of her high cut rayon panties were very obvious through the material. She noticed me looking and just had to reach around and pull them loose from her ass crack. She turned again and our eyes met.

Candy had a ringside seat for all this at the kitchen table, her legs were spread apart with a drink in one hand, all the while laughing at her friend, but continuing to use her other hand in her lap, massaging herself. She said that she'd wet her panties at the mall and when she was discovered, confided in Marla saying, «It's no big deal, just a little accident that's all.» But evidently Marla started laughing and took it as more than that, half sensing that my wife was just doing it to get attention and suggesting that if 'it's no big deal,' maybe she should try it too.

Candy said she kept talking about it until on the way out of the mall Marla started letting a little out. Almost immediately wetness was seeping through her tight pants and down the insides of her legs. By the time they reached the car, Marla's ass and legs were pretty wet but she tried pretending that it had not happened. Candy said they didn't really talk about it again until they reached the house and Marla made eye contact with her while getting out of the car. That was when I saw them.

Candy was telling the whole story right in front of Marla who was leaning against the kitchen cabinets, her legs spread about 18 inches, with most of her attention on the growing member in my pants. A coy smile was taking shape on that beautiful face. Neither of them was making any move to change out of their clothes and I suspected that they wouldn't as long as I continued to make drinks.

I had to ask, «Marla would you walk over to your purse and bring out that bag of pot».

Do you think they are getting me into trouble?

