Wet at Work

25th October 2012, 04:05 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I own my own business so sometimes I can't help but play at work. Yesterday was one of those days. I really needed to pee when I first got here but decided to hold it for awhile. I have the coffee on a timer, set to be ready when I get here. The first thing I did was to pour a cup and began drinking it. By the time the first costumers got here I really needed to go. While I was getting them signed in and ready for their ride, I slowly leaked into my underwear. I was careful not to pee enough for it to show through my jeans but I could feel my underwear was really wet. I usually see the customers off, but this time I remained in my seat. I had developed a hard on I didn't want to show off, LOL, and there was the possibility I was wetter than I meant to be.

After they left for their ride I went to the bathroom and examined myself in the mirror. Luckily my jeans did not show the wetness. I pulled them down and took in the site of my wet boxer briefs. They were white and my hard on showed through wonderfully. The site turned me on even more and I considered masturbation. I decided however to prolong the pleasure. While watching myself in the mirror, I pissed into my underwear a little more giving my cock a few strokes through them. I then set on the commode and released the rest of my piss into my underwear. I took a towel and blotted as much of the wetness out of my underwear as I could and pulled my jeans back on.

I continued playing this game all day. Drying and rewetting till quitting time. By afternoon my jeans were quite damp but, looking at them in the mirror, I don't think anyone would suspect they were wet. It just looked like they were faded in some places more than others. I kept a hard on all day and by quitting time I was so horny I had to cum or bust. After everyone was gone I mixed a bourbon and coke and went about closing the place for the night. As I did, I started pissing my jeans. While I was lowering the flag I let it all go, completely soaking myself. I love the feeling of my warm piss running down my legs and into my boots. I even get a thrill when I feel it wetting my socks. There was so much that I could feel in squishing in my boots when I walked.

I unzipped my jeans and rubbed myself through my soaked underwear. It only took a few strokes till I came like never before. I zipped my jeans back up, savoring the wet sticky mess in my underwear. I drove home and kept my wet clothes on, just pissing in them as the need arose till bedtime. I finished out the night by showering in my clothes and having another masturbation session. It was a great day yesterday and my underwear is already wet this morning.

