Wet Horse Ride

19th November 2007, 04:38 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Tonia and her husband Tom came over to the house after church last Sunday. She still had on the dress she had worn to church. It was a white dress with little yellow flowers on it and as I later found out she was wearing her normal white cotton panties underneath. After lunch we decided to go the barn and check on the horses. One thing led to another and we decided to go riding. Tonia was not a bit worried about riding in a dress. As I've told you earlier she is quite a tomboy. Although Tonia still had on her church dress she changed into white knee-high socks and riding boots before we left the barn. They were still in her truck from earlier in the week. My wife decided she needed to go back home and check on her elderly father and Tom said he was just going to hang out at the barn. Not an unusual situation for us at all. As you know we've been great friends for years. If my wife and Tom knew how much Tonia turned me on it would probably be a different story.

We grabbed a couple of horses and saddled up. Trying not to be too conspicuous I watched as Tonia got on. When she straddled the horse I got a full view of her panties. She never tries to hide them from me, as you know. She pulled the dress out from under her butt and let it bunch up behind her in the saddle. She smoothed it a little in front but most of her thigh was showing. I got on my horse and we took off. She left in front and I couldn't help but watch her butt in the saddle as we walked off. All I could think was that there was nothing between her butt and the saddle but those pretty white panties. I wondered if it turned her on.

It was a beautiful day but really hot for the mountains. I'd say it was probably 80 degrees and it wasn't long before the horses were sweating. We rode for about 30 minutes and Tonia suggested we go to the swimming hole and let the horses play in the water. We have this place in the river where it is just deep enough for the horses to swim a little. I jumped at the idea knowing I would most likely get to see Tonia wet.

I also enjoy wearing wet clothes myself. We rode to the river and waded our horses in. There is a long shallow stretch where we walk the horses down river before reaching the bend where the swimming hole is. On the bank at the hole is a little tree covered sandy beach. The water gets about knee deep on the horses just before reaching the beach.

As we approached the beach Tonia announces she needs to pee. Music to my ears. Smiling Tonia dismounts in the river. I watch as she puts first one foot and then the other into the water. I'm already getting hard as I watch the water filling her boots and see the tops of her socks submerge in the water. The water is almost up to the hemline of her dress. Holding her horse in one hand she spreads her legs a little. She looks up at me as she is standing there in the water and it is all I can do to keep form cumming right then. As she looks at me I can see the look of concentration turn to relief and suddenly I hear her pee hitting the water. I know she is peeing through her panties

. Can this day get any better? YES it can. She looked me in the eyes the whole time she was peeing. After she was done she handed me her rains. She them pulled her dress up to her waist giving me a full view of her panties

. I couldn't really see the wet spot from my vantage point on my horse but I still loved the view. Tonia then squatted in the water just enough to submerge her panties

. She wiggled back and forth rinsing out the pee. Standing up she let the hem of her dress fall back into place but not before I saw her dark bush through those sopping panties

. She never took her eyes off me the whole time.

I wanted to scream. I wanted to say «Damn girl you're driving me crazy». I wanted to jump her bones right there… But I didn't. I didn't because of our relationship. I didn't because I love my wife. I didn't because Tonia loves Tom. What I did say was «Damn I need to pee too.

The last part is fantasy. It would have been the capper to an already great day. But I know I'm a lucky man. I had already seen more than I could have dreamed.

I got off me horse stepping into the river with Tonia. I loved the filling of the water filling my boots and wetting my socks.

The water came just up to my knees. I handed Tonia the rains to both horses and unzipped my jeans. I started to turn my back to Tonia and pull out my cock when she stopped me saying «No fair». I ask her what she met. She said I had got to see her peeing. She should get to see me. I said OK, thinking, «This is great». I started to pull out my cock again and she stopped me again. «Oh no» she said. «I'm in wet undies. Yours have to be wet too. « I let that sink in a minute then spread open the fly of my jeans for Tonia to see. I was not quite as hard as I had been just a moment ago but still quite firm. My cock was pressing against my white briefs. Tonia looked intently as I spread my legs a little. With little effort I let go. The wetness soaked though my underwear and started to run dome my legs. I watched Tonia's eyes as I wet myself. «Damn she is really getting turned on by this,» I thought.

As my pee subsided I got harder and I looked down to see the outline of my cock in my wet briefs poking through the opening of my jeans. Tonia looked from my wet undies back into my eyes. I just looked back into her eyes a minute saying nothing. Finally She broke the silence with a giggle. «Well finally» she said. «I've been trying to get your attention for years.» Ken I love to play wet games she said. I always thought you might too.» «Yes I do but…» She interrupted. «Look I'm in love with Tom but he's not into anything weird. And you love Lisa but she is straight as a board. I say we enjoy our wet games. Here is the deal. Anything goes but actual intercourse. We save that for our spouses. Cool with you?» Before I could respond she pulled her dress over her head and tossed it to the beach. Giving me a quick pose in her wet panties and white bra she waded to the deep part and dove in. It took a minute for everything to sink in but I soon followed.

