Consequences

22nd August 2020, 07:52 AM

Author: gg111

Location: earth (Sex: Male) Posts: 82

This is fiction. It encapsulates pretty much everything that excites me about this fetish. Apologies to the ladies in advance if I suck at writing women.

—————————————

In her dream Angie had a nagging urge to pee. After navigating through all the usual silly obstacles that pop up in dreams, she found an unfamiliar toilet and sat down. There was a trickle but no relief.

Then she woke up and realized that she was seconds away from pissing into her bedsheets. She jumped out of bed, wearing nothing but a simple, oversized cotton t shirt that just barely covered the parts that a bikini bottom covers. There was no time to throw anything else on, so she bolted out of the room and down the hall. Her heart sank when she saw that the bathroom door was closed and she heard the running water of the shower. Her roomate had beaten her to it.

For a few moments Angie danced outside the door. Her heavy breasts bounced freely underneath her billowly shirt, the tips stiffening from grazing against the soft fabric. Her round thighs were squeezing together, her hands bunched up into little fists in front of her crotch. Behind, the bottoms of her cheeks, which were full and broad, and formed healthy creases where they sat proudly on the tops her upper thighs, peeked out from edge of her shirt with each wiggle and jiggle of her legs.

She should have known this would happen. Last night, she had gone out drinking with old friends visiting from out of town. She had had a few more glasses of wine than she had intended, and in an attempt to avoid a hangover during work the next day, she gulped down three large glasses of water before going to bed. She wasnt completely stupid. She emptied her bladder one last time before getting under the covers, but just before drifting off into crazy, drunken dreams, she thought she felt a twinge down there.

Almost eight hours later, Angie was hangover free, but it felt like her pussy was holding back the Atlantic Ocean. Her roommate wasnt coming out of the bathroom any time soon. She grabbed for the door. Locked. She knocked on the door harder than she meant to.

“Jess, I need you to unlock the door.”

“What?”

“I said I need you to unlock the door. I really have to pee.”

“Oh. Im almost done.”

Angie knew she would say that. She would have said the same in her position. In a normal situation she would have waited, but this coudnt wait.

“Jess, I cant wait, I really really have to go. Please!” Angie realized she was knocking on the door again as she said please.

“Alright alright, give me a second.”

It was at least ten seconds. When she heard the click of the door unlocking she pushed through the door like a person being chased by zombies. Jess was stepping back into the still-running shower. Angie bounded towards the toilet, spinning around to present her backside to the bowl, fetching her shirt over the shelf of her wide rump.

When she was still in school she went on a field trip to New York City. During the two hour busride back she had to pee worse than she ever had before in her life up to that point. The pain was almost unbearable, and she was on the verge of tears as the bus pulled into the school parking lot at night. The teachers and her classmates, feeling bad for her, let her get off the bus first, which she did like lightning. She raced down the semi lit halls, unbuckling her chunky belt and yanking the zipper down the front of her jeans. She sprinted into the Girls room, into a stall, and unleashed a ferocious, laser-sharp stream into the bowl. A minute later her teacher walked in to check on her. When she heard how loud the stream was, and how it kept going and going, she asked young Angie if she was ok, with genuine concern in her voice. Angie was a little embarassed at the attention, but mostly relieved. “Mmm-hmm” was all she could say over the noise.

It was quite a memory, and a lot of details stayed with her. What she remembered most distinctly, almost subconciously, was that she had actually not quite made it in time. As she threw down her bedazzled jeans and purple underwear, and spun around, bending over and sticking out her butt so she could sit down, a defiant jet of hot piss jumped out of her and slashed across the door and wall of the stall. An instant later she was on the bowl and the angry stream was being safely directed into the water below. She marveled at the dripping wet stall wall. For such a short amount of time, a fraction of a second between when her panties were down and when her rear end hit the seat, she peed a huge amount. As she gathered toilet paper to wipe down the walls, her stream still going hard and unbroken, she felt both a little dissappointed in herself and a little thrilled at the same time.

Grown woman Angie had this memory somewhere in the back of her mind as she swung her grown woman ass towards the toilet. Right before she plopped herself down onto the seat, a tremendous stream of pale urine blasted from the almost hidden exit between her clit and her pussy, the force of it parting her lips instantly, shooting out behind her just over the top of the toilet tank. In another instant she was properly seated, back straight, legs slightly apart, and her swollen bladder urgently expelling a drunken nights worth of piss with an almost frightening force and volume. Yet, as she sat there, peeing up a storm, she felt no relief.

“Oh my God, Angie, is that you? You really did have to pee!” Jess exclaimed while laughing from the shower.

Angie didnt feel like laughing. Here she was, pissing like a racehorse and a cow combined, but her bladder felt like she was still outside the door, bouncing up and down, trying to hold it all in.

For a split second she feared that she was still dreaming, but then she looked down, and beheld a pencil-thick stream churning into the water with breathtaking intensity. The sound was ridiculous, like a bathtub faucet turned up all the way, or a hose into a bucket. And her pussy was buzzing from the massive amount of water passing by. No, this was real, but the feeling was unreal. She never felt like she had to pee so badly while peeing so badly at the same time. She was getting restless. She started to rock gently. She made impatient little stamps with her feet.

The hard, thick, unbroken stream kept gushing out of her in a frenzy, but her bladder felt like she was still holding in every drop. This was unbelievable. There was just so much fucking piss inside of her that she couldnt piss it out fast enough. She bit her lip. No relief. She looked around the bathroom, up at the ceiling. No relief. She looked down at her breasts. The girls looked huge today. Water retention? She let out a short giggle. Dumb question. She cupped them, or more accuratley she tried to cup them, for they were too big for her hands and had been for many years. They felt heavy, but thankfully not sore. Her pink nipples jutted out like thimbles. When she was hard, like now, you could poke an eye out with those things.

As she continued to play around with her tits, she realized she was relaxed and relief finally swept over her like dawn. It started in her still-swollen bladder, right above her pussy, and creeped outward in all directions, into her crotch, over her thighs and her rear end, up her spine and her belly. She felt goosebumps all over. The good kind. The girls, still being weighed in her hands, felt fantastic. She almost cried from the sweet relief. All the while, the thick jet of hot piss kept storming into the water below.

After another minute went by Jess turned off the shower. “Ive never heard anyone pee that much in my life! You must feel so much better now!”

“I do”, said Angie, as she wiped, flushed and washed up, “soooo much better.”

