Merry Chris-mess, Kryssie~!

19th December 2010, 05:01 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Continuing the saga of Kryssie, with a Christmas story~! Hope you like it~! and Merry Christmas all~!

Kryssie pushed an errant curl behind her ear, irritated by it falling in her face, as she slammed the laundry door shut, muttering to herself. She was so angry with Chris~! Her eyes flashed fire and her cheeks were red. How dare he? How dare he agree to go home for Christmas and not invite her? Not that she could go, she was bound to go to her own parents for the festive season, but she had invited him to her parents, and her mom had even called him herself to ensure he knew how welcome he was.

Kryssie grabbed her handbag and stomped out of her flat, slamming the front door behind her as well~! bloody men~! But as she stormed off, a tear slid down her cheek, and she swallowed hard. Angrily she swiped at the tear, trying hard to hold back the others that dammed in her eyes. There was no other reason; Chris had to be ashamed of her. Why else would he not invite her? She was good enough to f*ck, and pee all over, she thought bitterly, but not to meet his parents~! Oh no~! Better not let them meet the mousy weird girl he was spending time with~! As she walked to the town centre, not even sure where she was going or what she would do, she wondered if he would take home one of those incredibly pretty, skinny young blonde cheerleader girls instead? The idea made her heart twist painfully in her chest and the tears she had tried to quell overflowed.

She walked aimlessly, then wound up at the cinema, and decided a good movie would perhaps cheer her up. She chose an inane schmaltzy romantic comedy, and bought a small popcorn and a giant soda, and went inside to try and lose her pain in the darkness of the cinema. It was a good movie and she was soon lost in the plot, giggling despite the pain in her heart.

Chris sighed as he dressed carefully. He could not believe he had made such a mess of things with Kryssie. She was SO mad at him. He winced when he remembered the pain and anger that had flashed in her eyes when she learned he would go home to his parents on Christmas eve, and that he would go alone. He looked at his reflection in the mirror and sighed. In the words of a famous cartoon character he has some "'splaining to do"~!

So he had this great plan to win back her heart, and apologise all in one~! He smiled as he looked at his reflection. He had rented a Santa suit, a really good one. It looked really real with its red velvet and fake faux white fur trim. It boasted a real leather belt with a huge brass buckle, soft leather lace-up boots, a hat with a jingle bell on the faux white furry pom pom that dangled from the end, and best of all it had build in padding that made him look fat and cuddly once the jacket was fastened. He had the pants on, as the boots fastened over them, and needed only to button the jacket. He took his time, the brass buttons were hard to manoeuvre and it took him some time. He finished and smiled at the result. Then he popped on the long haired white wig and used some spirit glue to fasten the fluffy white moustache.

Damn with the hat also on he barely recognised himself, and he practised a few booming "Ho ho ho's"~! Luckily he still sounded like himself. Looking the mirror he used more spirit glue to paste on bushy white eyebrows. There. he was finished. He really looked like a store Santa~! He looked at the big brown sack he had. In it was six beers, two bottles of sparkling wine (well much as he wanted to, as a student he could not afford real champagne), a large Christmas pudding, a box of ready to heat and eat brandy sauce, a huge roast chicken pie, and two small individual cupcake-size Christmas cakes with intricate icing. He also had a small battery operated animated Christmas tree and a box of Christmas crackers. And most importantly, Kryssie's Christmas present. He hoped she would like it. he had everything he needed for a surprise Christmas dinner, to make up for hurting her, for him not inviting her home for dinner~~! Or so he hoped~!

Chris picked up the sack and, locking his own room, made his way to Kryssie's small flat. He giggled at the stares he got, and even "Ho Ho Ho'd" for a little boy he saw on the way, who mom winked and mouthed "thank you" when the boys eyes went round with wonder. He did love Christmas with all its good will and excitement. Reaching Kryssie's front door, he knocked and waited for her to answer. She didn't come to the door he knocked again, and again, before he realised she was not home. Damn~! She lived on the ground floor so he walked round to the window and peered in. It was dark inside. Damn, damn damn!~! He decided to call her, but realised he had left his cell phone at home. Damn again~! he bit his lip, wondering what to do.

He looked back the way he came. He was not in the mood to walk all the way back, especially in the thick padded Santa suit. He was already SO hot, this being summer here, and not winter, at Christmas time. He bit his lip, deep in thought. Then he remembered the laundry window~! Yeah, Kryssie always left it a little bit open to allow air to circulate. Even in the padded suit he was sure he could fit through it if he could get it open. Smiling broadly, almost laughing out loud at his own brilliance, Chris raced round the back, clambered awkwardly over the locked gate, and found the laundry window. YES~! He punched the air with a fist, It was OPEN~!

With some manoeuvring he managed to push the lever with holes in that was latched on the nearest hole to allow only a small gap for air, and sweating and swearing, he pushed it up, unlatched it, and opened the window. He reached in as far as he could so the sack with its precious cargo would not have too far to fall, and let it go. No sound of crashing glass came to his ears, and he grinned. 10 points for Santa~! Grunting and groaning, pushing hard, glad that it was padding that scraped the window pane and not real blubber, he squeezed in. At the last push he gave he shot free and tumbled to the ground.

Kryssie sat in the darkness and waited for most of the other movie goers to leave before getting up herself. The movie had been good and she had laughed, and ooohed, and at the end spilt a few more salty tears. The happy ending made her realise how much of a hole there was in her heart. She sighed, and got up, collecting all her empty receptacles to throw away outside as she always did, and she tutted at the number of people who just left their empty and not so empty paper cups and popcorn boxes behind. If people could carry them in full, why not carry them out empty, she wondered?

After two hours in the dim cinema the bright lights inside the mall hurt her eyes. She did not want to go home just yet. Not yet, not to the prospect of an evening looming without Chris. As she wondered what to do she heard a breathy voice call her name, and turning, saw Suzy sitting at an outside table of a nearby restaurant. She rushed over, happy to see Suzy any time, but especially today. Suzy ordered a carafe of wine and more ice, and Kryssie settled down for some serious girl chat.

"Damn~!"Chris said out loud. He had landed awkwardly, and his Santa boot was caught behind the washing machine, the huge old ugly machine Kryssie's grandmother had given her to use when she went a way to study~! He grunted and pulled his foot hard, trying to free it from the space between the machine and the wall~! It was really stuck. He sat up and used both hands and all his athletic strength to pull. There, it was coming~! But as he thought this he realised he had somehow managed to tip the washing machine, and it was falling. It landed, freeing his trapped foot, but trapping his other foot and leg under it. luckily the jutting door handle prevented it from seriously damaging his foot, but the weight of the washing machine was now on his shin, and it was quite heavy.

Chris sat there for a moment, wondering if he should laugh or cry. Then he bent as far forward as he could, but from the angle he was at he could not exert the pressure needed to push the washing machine off him or lift it up. He kept trying, but after long, sweaty, muscle aching attempts, he realised it was not going to budge. Damn~! He was gutted. This was not how he had wanted to surprise Kryssie. Not at all, he shook his head in frustration. Still, it was not all bad, he supposed he was here, and maybe the sympathy would help him in his current predicament with the voluptuous vivacious girl who had captured his heart.

Thinking of Kryssie's face, with her dark deep *****ling eyes, those red juicy lips that seemed perpetually curved in a smile, her unruly wild red-auburn curls, imagining her ripe, firm, large, creamy breasts with their tiny rosy nipples, her rounded hips and tapering waist, her firm round butt, and that lovely rounded pussy of hers, with its soft (he had never known a girl with such soft pubes) red curls... well it made him... horny, he realised with a self deprecating laugh. Unbidden images of her came into his mind; the way she looked when he slid his hardness inside her, how her pupils contracted when she came, the way she looked when he peed on her, or better yet, inside her.

These images immediately made him hard, and he groaned and laughed again, as he sought to control the sudden flush of lust that ripped through him at the memory of how it felt to be inside her hot, wet, tight core, and then feel her golden nectar flood his cock and balls. Damn, Chris, he admonished himself, get a grip on yourself~! Then he giggled inanely at the realisation that right then, at that moment, as hard as he was, he would love to get a grip on himself.

At last under some control, his throbbing erection waning, he realised the walk over, the effort of getting through the window and the exertion of trying to free himself from the monstrous washing machine had made him thirsty. Damn it was SO hot in this suit~! And although Kryssie usually left the door between the laundry and her flat open, today it was closed, so there was no breeze in the small room at all. When he had fallen through the window, it had fallen closed, unlatched, but closed.

"Well done. Chris," he said aloud to himself in the dark room. "This sucks. And not in a good way like Kryssie does," he finished with a small laugh. He wondered how long Kryssie would be, and had a sudden panicked moment when he wondered if she had left for her parents for Christmas already. Luckily he remembered she had one exam still to write so she could not yet have left. He was wondering again how long he would be there when he spotted the sack nearby. Bingo, at least he had something to quench his thirst~! He reached out and his fingers just reached the sack. With some twisting he managed to pull it towards himself.

He was pleased to see that nothing had broken when he dropped it inside, and he triumphantly pulled out the beers.~! Yeah, he thought to himself as he cracked a can open and downed more than half in one thirsty greedy gulp. At least I won't die of thirst while waiting. And he finished the beer in another long swallow.

Kryssie and Suzy were enjoying their girl time, and Kryssie could feel she was nicely buzzed from the wine. It was great, it took the edge off her pain. In addition, combined with the soda she had guzzled during the movie, her bladder was so nicely full, and she had a tingly horny feeling developing in her tummy and deep inside her core~! she glanced at Suzy as Suzy told her how things were going with her new beau, the man she had needed Kryssie's help to get.

As Suzy chatted away, Kryssie remembered how well Suzy kissed, how firm her small breasts were; how delightful her large brown nipples felt in her mouth; the way her slender hips bucked when she had slid her tongue deep inside her small tight pussy to suck her clit and taste her cum; mostly she remembered how Suzy had lain on top of her and ground her pubis against hers as they both peed, and how warm and wet Suzy's pee had felt as it flooded her own pussy and ran down her thighs and pooled underneath her, mingled with her own golden liquid. The thoughts and images that flashed through her mind sent hot streaks of electricity through her body and she felt warm wetness inside her pussy.

Kryssie's cheeks flamed red and she shook her head slightly and concentrated on what Suzy was saying, chasing away the images, and sipping more wine. Damn, she thought to herself, maybe it was time to leave? But as she considered this, Suzy ordered more wine, and begged Kryssie to just listen to her story of what had happened when she seduced her man. Like I need more titillation, Kryssie thought wryly to herself, but she nodded, smiled, and allowed Suzy to continue her chitter chatter.

Chris woke from dozing slightly, at first at a loss to where he was, but then he remembered. His leg ached a little where the washing machine lay on it, and his foot felt a little numb. He worried that the flow of blood to the foot was impeded. But he could still wiggle his toes. He looked around and saw he had finished four of the six beers. No wonder he felt fuzzy. He wondered how quickly he had drunk them, he remembered being very thirsty. He turned his body a little and grimaced. Damn he needed to pee~!

He had deliberately drunk a huge glass of water before leaving his place, hoping for some wet fun with Kryssie IF she forgave him, if she understood. And then he had polished off four large beers. Damn no wonder he needed to pee. And dozing off had not helped, he always felt a need to pee when he woke up, full or not. His bladder was achingly full, and the belt and padding pushing on it did not help. He reached down and rubbed his semi hard cock, squeezing it slightly, before rubbing his lower tummy. He could feel how distended his bladder was, and it was both painful and yet also sensual when he rubbed it. He could not really clench his thighs as he usually did when he was desperate, because of the washing machine, so instead he gripped his cock hard and concentrated, breathing through his mouth a little, until the overwhelming desire to pee lessened a little.

But Chris did not know how long he could hold, he was desperate. Yet he did not want Kryssie to find him here, like this, sopping wet in a puddle of his own pee. There was nothing sexy about that. Cold wet pee was not so much fun. And already his grand gesture, his Christmas surprise was ruined by the stupid blood washing machine~! Damn! He tried again to move his trapped leg, or lift the machine, but the pain in his bladder when he bent forward, and the dull ache in his leg made him stop. Exhausted and resigned he lay back again. And top of everything, he was thirsty again~! shit~! He tried to ignore it, but between his nagging thirst, his desperation, and dull ache of his leg, he could not ignore them all~! And the only one he could DO anything about was his thirst.

Besides, if Kryssie took too much longer he would be unable to hold his pee, and he would rather be quite drunk if she found him that way. So he reached for the now very much less than cold beer, pulled the tab and drank a long swallow. It tasted good despite being warm, and it added to the buzz he already had. His bladder spasmed again and he gripped the end of his cock through his velvet pants to stop his pee from pouring out. He breathed out again, hard small panting gasps, until he had control again - barely. Shrugging his shoulders he chugged the beer and pulled the remaining one closer.

Kryssie finally said goodbye to Suzy, feeling a little woozy, but a lot happier. As she started the walk home she suddenly doubled over, her hands going to her lower tummy. Damn she needed to pee. But not here, no. the only pleasure she could foresee for the whole evening would be for her to find sweet release in the shower, as she sat on the floor of the shower and squirted her warm wet pee up so it pooled on her thighs, running down over her knees, down her bent legs, before seeping through her tightly clenched thighs to the tiled floor below.

The thought of that made her pussy muscles clench tightly. She decided when she got home she would empty her bladder just enough to relieve the pain, then she would pleasure herself with her vibrator, delighting in the welling fountain of pee that would pour out every time she pulled the vibe out, and then the soft sucking squelchy sound as she slid it back inside. Yes, now that would be good, then as she came, she would pull the vibe out and let her warm pee flood out and rain down on her legs. Yessss~! The thought made her so horny she pushed her finger against the round pubis bone above her wet cleft, through the soft frothy material of her sundress.

Frequently, on her relatively short walk home, Kryssie had to bend and clench her thighs tightly, her fist curled in the hollow between her thighs and her pussy lips, to stop herself from peeing right there in the street. Her bladder was actually aching. At last she got home and shaking hands she unlocked the door, went inside and locked it again. she made her way to her room, holding on tight, feeling tiny dribbles of pee trapped only by her pussy lips, dying to escape, to get her vibe and then find release in the shower.

She was almost in her room when she heard a noise. She stood still, her breathing stopped, as she listened in the dark, realising she had not yet put on any lights in her hurry. Over the pounding of her heart and the oppressive silence of the dark, her desperate need temporarily forgotten, she heard something. Her name. Her name was being called by someone. No, wait, she knew that voice... she listened again, turning her head and body towards the sound. Chris~! That was Chris' voice. She realised it was coming from the laundry. She walked over to the door she had slammed earlier, opened it, and turned on the light.

There on the floor lay Chris, in a red Santa suit, beard, eyebrows, the works~! Next to him was a sack, and 6 empty beer cans. And on him lay... her washing machine? Kryssie's wine soaked brain struggled to make sense of the scene before her.

"Surprise~!" Chris said with a weak smile. Kryssie stared at him. Then it dawned on her. He had come here to surprise her. She walked towards him, still confused. "Um, can you help get that bloody washing machine off me?"" Chris asked in a pained voice, which galvanised Kryssie into action. With Chris helping push a little from below, she managed somehow to get it up and off him, and he dragged his leg out and then moved so he could help put the machine back in place. "Damn!" He said wiggling his foot. "That feels good!"

Kryssie turned to look at Chris who stood near her, holding the foot that had been trapped an inch or two off the floor, allowing the blood to flow unimpeded into it and wincing at the sensation of pins and needles he had. She took in the full Santa suit, the sack, everything. "What are you doing here?" she asked in something like wonderment. Chris turned to look at her, grinning sheepishly.

"I ... uh... wanted to surprise you, " he said wryly as he bent and picked up the sack, gingerly stepping on his until recently trapped foot.

"Well I would day you succeeded," Kryssie said dryly as they both stepped out of the room and inte her small living area. Chris laughed, and she turned to look at him. He saw there was still some anger in her eyes, and he looked down again.

"Kryssie," he began softly, his hand on her shoulder, turning her to him. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry I hurt you. I came here to tell you that. To give you a Christmas surprise. I brought dinner," he said, holding up the sack, "with pudding and cake, and sparkling wine, and I ... I ... brought your Christmas present..."he finished almost in a whisper. He told her how he had snuck in the window when she was not home and how he had ended up in the predicament she had found him in. She giggled softly and his heart leapt. She snuggled closer, leaned right against his padded chest, and looked up at him with those dark almost black eyes, soft red curls framing her oval face. As he looked at her he realised that the last nine months had been amazing, because of her, and he realised how much he loved her. His throat constricted as he saw the pain in her eyes.

"Why, Chris?" she asked softly, her eyes never leaving his. "Why? Why did you not invite me to your home? are you ashamed of me? why do you want to spend Christmas apart from me?" he saw the brightness of tears in her eyes as she asked him, and shook his head.

"Oh no, no, Kryssie," he answered, meeting her direct gaze. "I am not ashamed of you. I love you, you are the best thing to ever happen to me" he said earnestly. Her eyes widened as he said this, it was said with such conviction and feeling she could not doubt it.

"Then why?" she persisted. He groaned slightly and moved his hands to cup her face. He closed his eyes, then opened them and looked at her.

"I have to go home. Kryssie, my younger brother and sister need me," he explained. "And it's not you I am ashamed of... it's... it's ... my mom," he finished quickly, as Kryssie's eyes flooded with tenderness and questioning. "She drinks, Kryssie. A lot. She collapses drunk every night, and my dad denies it all. She does weird things when she is drunk, things which hurt my brother and sister, sometimes physically sometimes emotionally. They need me to make their Christmas. And I ... I ... didn't want you to see..." he finished in a whisper. Kryssie hugged him tight.

"Oh Chris, you nu-nu!" she exclaimed. "You really should have just SAID something!" She looked up at him. "And you did all this, for me? Oh, Chris, I love you so much!" Kryssie said softly. She hugged him tight, and they both winced. "Damn I need to pee" they said simultaneously, and Kryssie giggled as she met Chris's eyes, and he laughed.

"I'm not kidding, though, Kryssie," Chris said in a strained voice. "I thought for sure I would pee my pants before you got home..."

"Me too," Kryssie said, giggling again. Chris started towards the bathroom and she grabbed his hand. "Where are you going?" she asked a *****le in her eyes.

"Kryssie I have to..." Chris said but Kryssie shook her head.

"Oh no, Santa baby, no way. I want to sit on your lap and tell you what I want first..." and as Chris looked in her eyes, his breath caught in his throat, and he felt his cock begin to harden. His bladder spasmed hard, but it was almost pleasurable when combined with the lust that coursed through his veins at that moment. Without a word Kryssie led Chris to her small dinette. She took the thick plastic Christmassy tablecloth off the small table and lay it on the floor, then took a dining room chair, placed it in the centre of the plastic, and pushed Chris down on it.

Kryssie pulled up her sundress over her firm thighs, and she straddled Chris's lap, legs wide over his, her lacy silk panties and rounded pussy pushing against his semi hard cock. He could not feel her breasts through the padding, and he regretted that, but she bent forward and pressed her lips against his. Her tongue slid into his mouth and touched his, and he tasted wine and cherries. Her mouth always tasted of cherries. He moaned and she writhed against him. After what seemed ages she broke the kiss, looked at Chris in the eyes, then leaned and whispered in his ear.

Finished she leaned back and nodded. "Yeah, Santa, Baby, that's what I want for Christmas..." Chris licked his lips and nodded. Kryssie leaned forward, and his arms went around her and they squeezed each other tightly. Chris wished he could feel her breasts but the bloody padding was too thick, but then that thought died as they closed their eyes, breathed in, relaxed and both let go, allowing some of the pent up pee to escape, not all, but some. Chris moaned softly as he felt sweet relief, and then the warm wetness against him as his pee soaked through his boxers up through the velvet pants and even into the padded stomach of his costume.

Kryssie held on tightly, eyes closed, breath almost stopped, her heart beating so hard she could hear it, feeling that delicious build up to the moment when she would push all the taboos aside and just let her own hot golden liquids escape. She sighed and writhed her hips as she felt Chris's pee soak his own pants, and spurt through the fabric, soaking her thin silken panties in seconds. She bit her lip as his warm pee wet her pussy lips, and then she moaned loudly as she let her bladder work and a gush of hot wet pee flooded from her soaking her dress even though she had pushed it up, leaking through Chris's pants to his cock and balls and thighs. He quivered in delight and she writhed again.

Oh wow~! This feeling as the first spurt of a long held pee ran from her was so delightful, it was like a mini orgasm. They looked at each other and kissed again, both relieved and struggling to regain control. Kryssie slid along Chris's lap revelling in the warm wetness. As they gained control Kryssie opened her eyes and lowered her mouth to whisper in Santa's ear again.

Chris nodded eagerly and Kryssie got off his lap, knelt before him, and unbuckled the big brass buckle. She unlaced his boots, pulled them off, and took off his sodden pants, flinging them in a corner. Then she slowly slid off Chris's wet boxers, throwing them elsewhere. Chris's cock came free, only semi hard as he was still pretty desperate to pee, and the amount he had released had not made that much difference yet. Kryssie bent and licked their mingled pee of his cock and balls, sucking and nuzzling his balls for some time, till Chris reminded her if he got too hard, she would not get her second Christmas wish.

Reluctantly she pulled away, her mouth glistening and wet. She knelt below him, and gazed up, her dark eyes large, shining, fringed with long lashes, reminding him of the eyes of a deer. Her lips were soft and wet, her face so beautiful. He looked down and for the first time he really looked at her. She was wearing a pale beige summer dress with tiger stripes on it in vivid blacks and browns, with a wide belt accentuating her waist. It was a frothy soft material that fell against her rounded hips, and pooled on the ground at her knees. The dress had thin straps and a V neck that showed her creamy cleavage. Her hair had been caught up loosely, with curls escaping to frame her face and caress her neck. God she looked gorgeous~! Her fingers reached up to touch his thighs and she nodded eagerly.

Looking at her it took Chris considerable willpower to relax enough, but her eyes begged him too, and he was putty in her hands. He held his cock in his hands, his thumb underneath so he could control his flow and the direction of his stream, something he was getting really good at. He loved the feel of his semi hard cock in his hands, and it quivered as he looked down again at Kryssie. She licked her lips and he breathed in, pushed slightly, and let go.

His stream was strong, he had a lot in his bladder, and Kryssie squealed as it hit her breasts so hard it splashed in her face. Her hand left his thighs to rub his wet drops against her skin. he let another burst out and it soaked the bodice of her dress, making the material cling to her, outlining her breasts, her tiny hard erect nipples. Kryssie giggled and sighed and pushed the straps down pulling the dress down to her waist, releasing her breasts, unfettered by a bra, to bounce free. Chris sprayed again and watched his light golden drops run along her chest, her smooth skin, over the curve of her gorgeous breasts, and spill over. one drop formed on her nipple, growing fat hanging there before it fell with plop to her lap. Kryssie bent her head, her hand pushed her breast up and she licked another drop of his pee off her own nipple, making his cock buck slightly in his hands.

She stood up and kicked her dress and sodden panties away then knelt again. Chris stood, and asked her to help him take off his jacket. She helped him pull it off, her hand revelling in his smooth muscled skin underneath, and they pulled his beard and moustache off, forgetting his eyebrows. The hat also went. Kryssie knelt again, and Chris stood over her and aimed his stream at her as he walked around her, soaking her from every angle.

He moved closer and as she looked up at him he wet her hair with his golden stream. She reached up and undid her clip and laughed as he peed even more. She lifted her face, eyes closed, and he soaked it, watching her mascara run as his piss ran off her fine features. He gently pushed her back, onto her butt, raised her legs against his thighs, open, and slowly peed inside her. She moaned, eyes still closed, and her fingers rushed to open her lips so he could pee deep inside her.

He lowered her legs and directed her to kneel again. he arranged her thighs apart, and moving close behind her, her pushed his slowly hardening cock between her tight round butt cheeks, against her small, tight pink opening and he pushed hard on his tummy muscles, releasing a stream of hot pee. Kryssie moaned and her own fingers found her clit and her longest finger slid inside between rounded pussy lips that dripped with his pee.

His bladder was almost empty, and as his bladder emptied his cock hardened. He moved to Kryssie's face again. she leant back on her knees and looked at him, golden drips all over her body, her hair wet with his piss, mascara running down her face, a soft smile on her lips and adoration in her eyes. He had never loved her more. As he started to let the last stream go, she surprised him by moving forward, and swallowing the head of his cock. He heard his stream hit her throat and worried it might choke her but he could not stop. And she grabbed him and pushed him down her throat, her hand against his buttocks. He felt his stream wane and wobble and stop, and still she sucked, slower, more sensuously now. He groaned and she stopped., stood and whispered again. He nodded eagerly and she giggled.

He lay down, pushing the chair away, lying in his own pee pooled on the plastic tablecloth, and Kryssie stood over him, legs akimbo, over his hips, towering above him. He looked up and saw her breasts from underneath, round, firm, ripe, her rounded firm ass cheeks, drops of his pee still dripping from between them, and her wet pussy, its little red curls wet against her ivory skin. Her hand reached down and opened those glorious lips, revealing her full labia minoris, her engorged clit, and the soft gleaming core of her being.

Then she let a hissy stream go, and it gushed over him, flooding his groin with warmth and wetness. His hardening cock sprung up, instantly hard as rock, his balls tightening as he sighed. She walked up and he felt her golden rain on his chest. Gosh she had a strong stream on her~! She moved back, kneeling, legs akimbo over his groin, her pussy inches from his hardened cock, and let go, slower this time, not opening the lips, letting it run out in multiples streams. Then she slowly lowered herself onto his groin, his hardness sliding against her wet butt cheeks, and she peed again. He fought against his overwhelming drive to thrust his cock deep inside her.

She moved up a bit and peed against his stomach and then his chest and he begged her to sit on his face. She hesitated, and he asked again. A little reluctantly she did asked, and as she lowered herself to inches above his face, he could see her tiny pee hole, and he tongued it, and she groaned. He watched as it opened, and a clear stream erupted from it. he first let it wash his face then manoeuvred her so his mouth fastened on her and he drank her last stream directly from the source.

With no more to give, Kryssie raised herself up and then knelt down. Chris got up and knelt facing her. She leant down and sucked her own juices off his chest, he suckled her nipples, tasting his own. Their passion erupted into pure lust and he sucked so hard it almost hurt, she left red marks on his skin. His teeth bit on her nipples hard enough to release a single drop of blood. He heard her sharp intake of breath but she did not move away, her teeth nipped his neck. Her nails left raised streaks along his skin, and he turned her around, thrusting hard into her soft yielding heat from behind, no soft slow strokes this time, hard, fast, deep almost punishingly he thrust into her again and again while she moaned.

He withdrew, and sat flat on the ground, his hard cock erect, and she sat over him, facing him, and slid down onto him, hard, her pubis against his pelvis. She leaned forward against him, and they kissed, sloppy, open mouthed kisses, intermingled with groans and moans and sighs. His mouth and teeth found her breast again and she threw her head back and cradled his head to her breast like a baby as she rode him hard, and he thrust deeply inside her.

Close to cumming they stopped, she looked at him and wordlessly turned facing away. without a word he knew what she was giving to him, and his cock bucked again as he slowly helped her lower herself. His cock pushed against the tight tiny pink opening between those taut rounded butt cheeks.

Chris had wanted to do this for ages, but every time they had tried it had hurt too much and he had always stopped. He leaned forward, his mouth against her ear. "Kryssie, are you sure?" he asked, nervously. She nodded and smiled. He pushed as he used his hands to guide her hips down. He felt the tight unyieldingness of her virgin ass, and the idea that she would do this for her was so hot a shot of lust ran through him.

He pushed again and slid in just a little. He waited while she breathed open mouthed for a while. He resisted the urge to thrust hard, bit on his own teeth, until she nodded. He pushed and slid deeper, waited again. she nodded, and he slid all the way in. He waited until she nodded again then pulled slowly almost all the way out, then at her nod, thrust in hard and deep, she gasped and he froze, but she moved herself up and then down again, and after a few moments her heard her sighs of pleasure, felt her relax, felt the opening give somewhat.

He leaned up so he could kiss and suck and bite her neck, his hands on her breasts, and as she started to ride him, he thrust in hard and deep. At some stage they got so lost in the moment that he lost control and thrust and bucked into her. He came shudderingly inside her, and her juices gushed out over his thighs. She sat on him, him still deep inside, waiting, as their breathing slowed, and then he softened, and let go a final last stream inside her. When he finished he pulled out and she turned, sitting facing him again, and they kissed deeply as her pee washed them both clean.

Completely exhausted they collapsed against each other and lay there for ages. Chris dozed and when he awoke, he felt Kryssie's warm soft sleeping breath on his neck. He moved and she woke, smiling before her eyes opened. "We need to clean up this place, and ourselves," she said sleepily.

He softly kissed her lips. "Merry Christmas, Kryssie..." She opened her eyes and looked up at him, at the puddles on the plastic cloth, the piles of wet clothes. His wet hair and still glistening body, she felt her own wet curls and felt the dampness of her skin. She laughed softly as she looked lovingly up at his handsome face.

"I think you mean merry Chris-Krys-mess, Chris~!" and they both giggled madly.

