The Next Big Thing (fiction)

23rd February 2010, 09:57 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

Sorry this one is longish...It seemed to take on a life of it's own.

*****

Penelope Fortune had made her name as an arts and entertainment report through diligence, hard work and that little something extra. Most people said she had extraordinary luck. What she really had, though, was a talent for spotting the next big thing. Music, dance, literature, it didn't seem to matter what the discipline was. When she got that little tingle right behind her belly-button, Penelope knew she was on the right trail. Today, there were sparklers going off. Today she was meeting the next big country star.

One last turn before the mirror and she shrugged. Probably a little broader than a broad aught to be but, the dress made the most of what mother nature had provided so abundantly. All in all, she liked what she saw. She picked up her bag, checked one last time to see she had everything she needed and headed out.

Gill Garrett had a little tingle of his own. His name under the bi-line "P. Fortune" could be his ticket to the next level. Of course, Ms. Fortune had fried a career or two in her time but he felt confident that he could win her over.

When the bell rang, he was surprised to recognize the face on the other side of the door.

"Hey, I know you," he exclaimed, "I've seen you at a few of my shows".

"More than a few, Mr. Garrett. I'm Penelope Fortune. May I come in?"

"Of course," he ushered her in trying to collect his wits and his manners. He had, indeed noticed her several times at his shows and, not because he'd known who she was.

"It's such a beautiful day, I thought we could sit on the veranda," he said leading her across a small, neat living room. "Can I get you something to drink Ms. Fortune"?

"Please call me Nell and, I'll have whatever you're having."

"One iced tea, comin' right up. Have a seat why don't ya"?

Nell took a chair facing a beautiful view and pulled her recorder and her note pad out of her bag. The breeze lifted the skirt of her dress and brushed across her naked thighs. She spread her legs a bit and let the wind play between them.

"Here you are."

Gil, returned with two tall glasses and a full pitcher. "It's my grand mama's recipe. Not strictly sweet tea but not real half-n-half, either".

Nell took a long sip and decided that, whatever it was, it was delicious. Gil emptied his glass in a couple long swallows and filled his glass again. They exchanged a few pleasantries before Penelope waded in. She crossed her right leg over her left, turned on the recorder and settled her steno pad on her knee.

Well Gill...May I call you Gil"?

He nodded.

"Shall we get the heavy lifting out of the way?"

For the next two and a half hours Penelope Fortune strip mined Gil Garrett's life. From his child hood to the last five minutes she asked every question she could think of, less than half of them actually having to do with music. Her style invited a free exchange of information and she wasn't shy about putting her own information out there if that's what got her what she wanted.

As the second cassette wound down, she noticed that the once full pitcher had been completely drained. Shifting in her seat, she also discovered that between the coffee she'd had on the ride out of town and the tea, her bladder was making it's needs known. She took a mental volume check, decided she could wait a while yet and decided to enjoy herself.

Across from her, Gil was wondering what on earth had possessed him to consume so much of the tangy-sweet beverage. He wasn't a lightweight in the control department and often had to contain himself when he was on stage but at this very moment, he was a little concerned.

"Care to take a breather, Nell?" he asked.

"Sounds like a fine idea to me. Could I ask you to show me around"?

"Sure thing but, you might find those heels a bit of a problem".

"No problem," She said leaning her head over her enormous bag. "A reporter should be prepared for any occasion".

While her head was in her bag, Gil sneaked a quick grab at his crotch. His penis was semi-hard from the pressure of his full bladder. He wondered how he was going to stand up, let alone show her the property if he didn't stop for a piss, first.

Penelope caught a glimpse of Gil holding himself out of the corner of her eye and leaned further into her bag to hide the smile that stole across her face. He was a fine looking man. Broad at the shoulder, narrow at the waist and long of limb. Well endowed in other areas, too, if she was not mistaken.

She wondered which way he'd play his desperation. Her practiced eye told her he liked the game but, she was a stranger and one with a certain sway on his career at that. She hoped he was the daring sort.

"Ah, here we go," she exclaimed pulling a pale blue par of Crocs out of her satchel. In under 30 seconds, she was out of her heels and ready to go. "Shall we?"

"I'm game if you are".

She watched him take a deep breath and lever himself to his feet, straightening slowly. He offered her a hand and she took it as she rose. Her eyes widened slightly but she said nothing as she felt a little trickle of pee seep out into her panties.

"Okay?" he asked, looking concerned.

"Just dandy," she flashed him a brilliant smile. lay on, McDuff>"

She took his arm and the descended the stairs from the veranda into the back yard. Every step down was an individual exercise in self control. Nell could see the muscles bunch along Gil's jawline and noticed when he casually slipped his left hand into his pocket.

Gil sincerely hoped he hadn't made a terrible error in judgment. Standing up without wetting down the front of his jeans had taked all his self control and he wasn't sure how long holding himself through his pocket was going to do the trick.

The yard closest to the back of the house was what folks down south called a kitchen garden. Orderly rows of herbs and vegetables showed it well cared for and productive. Behind that, though was a sitting garden that had been designed around a small creek that wended through the property. Nell could here the water already and had to clamp down in mid stride not to lose control.

"Careful. I wouldn't want you to turn an ankle or anything".

"Just a little misstep is all," she replied glad she'd decided on a dress. Otherwise the wet spot she could feel growing would already show through a pair of slacks.

The closer they got to the creek, the more Gill struggled to keep hte growing urge to relieve himself under control. He was pretty sure Nell could see his hand working through his jeans but, she was being polite enough not to notice.

Nell, did indeed notice and discovered that her blue silk panties were getting a whole different kind of wet.

Just then Gil tripped over a rock sticking up out of the soil. He lost his grip and the jarring vibration ran straight up his leg to his bladder. The hot burst of pee that escaped made a noticeable wet spot on the front of his jeans and grabbed himself with both hands trying stem the flood.

"Shit," he muttered, casting a side long glance at Nell.

Nell's own bladder was contracting with sympathy but her eyes were riveted on Gil's very obvious attempt to contain himself. She was so excited a little more pee escaped her. Unconsciously she crossed her legs, gave a little squeeze and bit her bottom lip.

"Um, I guess you can tell I really should have stopped to pee before we left the house, huh?"

"Me too," she agreed. Then with a wicked smile, "Maybe we can help each other out?"

Gil felt his aching cock jump at her throaty purr and asked, "What did you have in mind?"

"I'll hold yours if you'll hold mine."

The shiver that went through Gill forced another sharp burst from the end of his bursting cock.

"I don't think I can make it over there," he admitted, bouncing a little and crushing his errant prick against his body with both hands.

Nell put a hand between her legs and pressed up firmly. Every step without flooding her panties was a little victory. Finally, he reached his side.

"Here."

She pulled one hand away from his crotch, laid it over hers and then pulled her own hand free. Then, while he clutched desperately at his swollen, aching penis with the hand she'd left him, she unbuckled his belt and eased down his fly.

"Let me hold that for you," she whispered.

Her hot breath on his ear sent another shiver down his spine and another jet of golden liquid escaped, wetting her fingers.

"I don't think that's gonna help," he moaned. I have REALLY got to piss.

Nell knelt down in front of him feeling his fingers slip out from between her legs and began to play his cock with her tongue.

"Ah Jesus, Nell!" he cried out. If you don't stop that I'm gonna piss all over you.

"I don't see that as a problem, do you?"

His bladder seemed to hear what his ears could not believe and with one last spasm, the hot yellow pee arced from him splashing across her breasts and running down her dress. She squeezed him gently, behind the head, so that the spray would fan out, drenching as much of her as possible. Her evident enjoyment of his torrential piss soaking her to the skin was the hottest thing he'd ever seen.

"Oh, yesss," she hissed, "pee for me baby. Give me all your hot, wet golden piss!"

Nell kept one hand firmly pressed to her throbbing pussy and her middle finger pressed against her pee hole through her wet panties and reveled in the seemingly endless stream until she leaned in and sucked the last salty drops from him.

Her lips on his cock ended one need and started another. He didn't think he'd ever been so turned on. He blew his load into her greedy mouth almost immediately and felt the top of his head come off.

Pulling himself slowly together, he noticed that she was still on her knees and that she now had both hands between her legs.

"Do you thing you can hold on long enough to get back to the stairs," he asked?

"I'll try," she groaned as he helped her, trembling to her feet.

The trip back to the veranda was mad with one arm around her waist and one hand between her legs, diddling her pouting clit while she continued to keep her pee hole firmly covered.

"Now," he instructed, sit right here.

He lowered her to the third step from the bottom and knelt on the last one, himself.

"Just another minute, Nell. We're almost there."

He slid her damp dress to the tops of her thighs and then pried her knees apart. She groaned as the pee began to seep between her fingers. She tried to close her legs again but his wide shoulders were in the way and he was tugging her hand away from her sopping snatch.

"Hurry, Gill! I can't hold it any more!"

Lowering his head to her pee soaked oussy and pushing her panties he whispered, "You don't have to," as his lips fastened around her trembling clit.

The shock of sensation blew through her and she screamed as a geyser of pee erupted from her. The pressure of it splashing against his chin and chest was amazing and he sucked harder. Each orgasm brought another scream and another hissing burst of pee from between her lips.

When the orgasms finally faded away to periodic tremblings and the pee to an occasional trickle, he dried her gently with his tongue.

Nell raised herself up on her elbows and smiled.

"I heard that you were a virtuoso on the juice harp but, I had no idea this is what everyone was talking about.

His shoulders started to quake as a deep, warm laugh rumbled out of him.

"I didn't think it was THAT funny," she observed cocking her head to one side.

It's not that but I was just thinking," he gasped between bursts of mirth. "Earlier, before the interview..."

"Yes?"

"I was thinking how lucky I was to catch your attention and how good it was going to be to find myself under P. Fortune. Lady, if only I'd known".

That set both of them off into peels of renewed laughter and was just the beginning of the first of many wonderful weekends. And once again, of course, P. Fortune had discovered the next big thing.

