The Long and Winding Road

20th November 2005, 05:17 AM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

As with all my stories, this one really happened.

In my senior year in high school, Liz and I happened to be in Ms Klassen's English class. Now Ms Klassen was young, pretty and a second year teacher. Because of this, her class wasn't quite as stuffy as many an English class was with older, established teachers. Ms Klassen liked to let us be creative. She took English out of the book and into life.

One of the areas of English we studied in her class was song lyrics. Seems she was as bored with poetry as most high schools seniors. As a semester project we all had to do some kind of project involving a song. Liz and I decided to pair up to do our project together. Ms Klassen approved of her students doing so, as long as our project was not some do nothing little thing that wasn't worthy of a single persons work. She was a free spirit, but she defiantly had high expectation.

After some deliberation, and more than one argument, Liz and I decided to base our project on the Beatles song, The Long and Winding Road. I personally was pushing for something by Steppenwolf. Liz was more into Bread or Chicago. So we decided that we could not go wrong with the Beatles. Little did I dream at the time that the song would give me so many wonderful memories.

In the early 70's camcorders were not even dreamed of, much less a reality. But there was good old film. For our project we decided to put together a film montage based on our chosen song. I borrowed my folks HI-8 movie camera and off we went to make a movie. Film was cheep, processing was not too bad either especially since we would add our own music later.

It was fall, the leaves were turning colors, days tended to be a little on the dreary side as we were having a wet year and to make it even more artistic, we choose to shoot in black and white instead of color. We shot houses, people, and scenery and almost anything we could think of that we might want later when we began editing.

One wonderfully overcast, fall Saturday morning, I picked up Liz in my pickup truck and we set off to do some serious filming. There was one thing we had not filmed yet and we both knew that we had to have with a song like The Long and Winding Road. That was of course, a lot of long winding road scenes.

Now the suburbs of a big city were not the place to get the film we wanted, so we met very early at our favorite caf. It was a little place about a mile from school, and a place we loved to come to for breakfast on those school mornings when we gypped first hours. We were smart enough to have study hall first hour, just so no one cared when we gypped and went out to breakfast. After all, we were seniors and had figured this shit out pretty good.

We ate breakfast, drank plenty of orange juice, bought a couple of big pops to go and loaded up in the truck to head off to the hills. Gas was 21 cents a gallon, and we sure weren't worried about that, so we decided to head off to a location that was sparsely populated, with great gravel roads and lots of beautiful hills, trees, streams and scenery. Of course a view like this is not five minutes outside of town. It was a couple of hour drive just to get there.

Around 9:00 am we pulled into the last vestibule of civilization, grabbed something more to drink and some food for lunch. Fruit, cheese, bread, and of course a little wine. Now some of you are thinking, this can't be, they are high school students. Well I turned 18 in October of my senior year. To top it off, at that particular point in time, my state was an 18 state. The Federal government had not stuck their nose into the selling of alcohol and road money yet. I had a thriving little business going in high school. On Friday and Saturday nights everyone was happy to pay $5.00 for a 12 pack of Budweiser or Coors that cost me $1.99 to $2.25. Life was good, gas was cheep and I could buy booze. At 18 and in high school it doesn't get much better.

We loaded up in the truck, Liz got the camera loaded with film and we set off up into the hills. I know of a wonderful scenic drive that wound all around. It was a long drive, but as beautiful as they come. We started down a wooded lane towards a beautiful old wooden bridge at the bottom of a long hill over a small stream. Liz started up the camera and began to film. Every few minutes we would have to stop for her to reload the camera with fresh film. This was a home move camera and not some big studio job. We were good for about 14 minutes of film at a time.

It was about the third or forth stop to reload I noticed that Liz was a little less comfortable than she had been. She wasn't talking as much or quite as bubbly as earlier. Both very strange for her. I also noticed that she was sitting a little lock legged and was swinging one foot back and forth. It took a minute for me to realize, the juice, the pop and now easily 3  hours since breakfast, she needed a pee.

She finished loading the camera and we set of for some more film. It was great timing to, as the area we were heading into had a bunch of great hills. The road was twisty and went up and down over several small topped hills. The kind that you feel in your gut when you go over the top and head back down quickly. Or in this case, in Liz's bladder. 14 minutes later we stopped again for a reload.

Liz was struggling more with her need to pee. She was now sitting on one foot with her heel pushed into her crotch and she was rocking back and fort a slight bit. She was nibbling on her bottom lip as she loaded the camera and had to bend at the waist once while loading the camera. I figured this was going to get interesting and decided to speed things up a bit.

Now Liz was a friend, but nothing more than that and I was not going to overtly cause her grief or embarrassment. But it had been just as long for me as it had been for her and my bladder was not empty by any means. I have also never been shy about peeing in anyone's presence so I decided that now was as good as ever. I stepped out of the truck with a quick quip about stretching my legs and went to the side of the bed. It was a cloudy overcast day, but one of those wonderful Indian summer kind of days and the windows were down on the truck.

I hauled ole' John-Tom out and began to take a loud, long splattering leak on the gravel road. The sound easily carried into the truck where Liz was forced to listen. I heard a soft moan, but went on pissing till my bladder ran dry. Man, did I feel better. I climbed back into the cab, and Liz was sitting there, flush faced, biting her bottom lip and rocking much harder on her foot.

«Are you alright?» I asked. After a short pause came the quite reply I hoped to hear. «No, I really have to go to the bathroom. Is there any place close around that we could go to like a town or something? «Sorry,» I replied, but we are easily 30 minutes away from anywhere like that. «Can you wait that long?» I asked. A very dejected «No,» was the only answer I got. «Well then, I guess here is as good a place as any then.»

Liz looked at me in horror. «I can't pee here!» she cried. «Why not? You can go to the side of the truck, I won't look. I will stay right here.» I advised.

With an embarrassed look on her face, Liz advised that she couldn't pee here because she didn't know how. She went on to explain that she had never peed outside in her life. She always went in a bathroom where she could, well you know, sit down. «I don't know what to do with out a toilet to sit on!»

Buy now her desperation was getting extreme. She had put the camera down and had a hand between her heel and her crotch. She was rocking around, biting her lip and almost crying. «What am I going to do?» she pleaded. I looked her strait in the eye and said, «Why not just open the door and sit on the door sill? That way you are sitting down, wouldn't that work?» I inquired. She looked horrified for a moment, but realized that it was the only way. With a quick admonishment of «Don't You Look!» she opened the door, stepped out into the road and quickly slipped her tight blue jeans and bikini panties down to her knees.

When her but hit that door sill I heard a tremendous hiss. Now I thought that I had pissed like a race horse a couple of minutes earlier. But Liz made my peeing sound like a drippy faucet. She was peeing onto the gravel road so hard she was raising a small cloud of dust. If I'm lying, I'm dying. That girl easily peed for at least a minute. It was not one of those lazy streams but a good old fashion cow on a flat rock pisses.

She slowly began to taper off. As she did I reached into the glove box and took out a couple of Kleenex and handed them to her. The relief she was feeling was so tremendous that it never dawned on her the glove box was on her side of the vehicle or that I had to lean over to her to hand them to her. She quickly wiped, and dropped the Kleenex onto the ground, pulled up her pants and crawled back into the truck. The look of relief on her face was priceless. «I don't thing I have ever had to pee so bad in my life,» she advised. «I'm kind of embarrassed to tell you this, but another minute or so and I would have wet my pants.»

Well, I was more than happy that she had not done so. I love desperation, but someone totally embarrassing themselves by wetting themselves is not my thing. Nothing more was said at that point and off we went filming again.

A little later we found ourselves at a beautiful spot at the bottom of a draw with a nice flowing stream. I pulled the truck over, we got out the food and wine and I grabbed a blanket I kept behind the seat. We ate and drank that whole bottle of wine, made a lot of small talk and then really began to discuss our project and how we were going to put the film all together. We figured that we had about enough film, but the day was beautiful, the scenery was some of the best she had ever seen and we were having a great time. Liz loaded up the camera once more and off we went. We spent the rest of the day just driving around. We did manage to shoot up one more roll of film on some really spectacular old barns we passed. Mostly we just drove and talked and had a great time.

As for the wine, well it worked it's way through both our systems and it wasn't long into the afternoon we both had to pee. This time, Liz wasn't so embarrassed and when her bladder began to get full she mentioned her need. I found a nice little place to pull over on the top of a hill. We could see if anyone was coming for a mile or two in either direction. I got out, walked to the back of the truck and took another leak. Liz sat on the door sill again to pee. As I was finishing up I heard her exclaim in a loud surprised voice a simple, «Hey!»

«What?» I asked. «Where did you get the Kleenex that you handed me earlier?» she asked. «From the glove box. Why?» I responded. «Well if you got them from the glove box and handed them to me, you must have got an eyeful!» she replied.

With the grin of a man who knew he was caught, I looked her right in the face and told her, «Yes I did, and I'm glad to see that the drapes matched the carpet.» As I braced for the smack I figured was coming, Liz began to giggle and then just laugh. «You're not mad?» I inquired. «She looked at me with a smile and said, «I ought to be, but I learned something today. I learned how to pee on the ground. And I can do so again. I'll make you a deal. I won't be mad at you if you take me to the next kegger. I've never been to one cause I knew I would have to pee and didn't know what to do. I was too afraid to go»

What could I say to her other than, «You got a deal." Matter of fact there is one at Apple Valley next Saturday night. Would you care to go?» I asked. «Damn straight,» she replied. Now it was my turn to laugh, because that was the one and only time I think I or anyone else had ever heard Liz cuss. The kegger was a blast but that is another story that I will tell later.

Oh yeah, I almost forgot, we got an A on the English project and Ms Klassen even had us show it to her other English classes. When ever I hear The Long and Winding Road, my thoughts go back to a certain road of my youth and a beautiful girl named Liz who could pee like a race horse.

