Did You just Wet Your Pants?

13th April 2006, 04:18 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This happened back in the mid 1980's along another stretch of the same river where I spent a lot of time enjoying our hobby. There was a large boat ramp with a dock area, usually frequented by a lot of the students from the University. The school was located just a couple of miles from this public park and I guess the students all thought it was a perfect place to party away the afternoons, especially later in the spring when the weather was in the lower 80's. There were always lots of pretty co-eds, bikini's and alcohol. What a perfect combination.

This afternoon, I had skipped out of work to take in some of the sights. I was lucky enough to put my blanket on the grass not far from a mixed group of students in their very early twenties. The two cases of beer these guys were working on was quickly disappearing, leaving them in a pretty rollicking mood. The girls were just as much into it as the guys, laughing out loud and being quite vocal at every, even slightly funny story.

I was only paying a little attention to them when I heard, «Did you just wet your pants?» One of the guys was looking at his smiling girl friend sitting across from him with her knees pulled up to her chest. The others looked in her direction at the same time I did. We all could see that her butt was wet where it was making contact with the grass and everyone either smiled or laughed. No one made any big deal of it as she stretched her legs apart while glancing down at her crotch. No one, that is except her boy friend who seemed just a little put out that his girlfriend would just sit there and pee in her pants.

This young lady was dressed in a white blouse and white cut-off jeans that were not real short, maybe mid thigh in length. She was also wearing white sox with matching running shoes. All she could say through her wide-eyed grinning smile was «So What». At that point her boyfriend stood up to leave and go over to another group a ways off. She followed a short distance voicing her own feelings of «I can wet my pants if I want to».

Walking away, it was only too obvious that she had done just what she was saying. Her butt was surrounded in fresh wetness and it was only too obvious that she had really just sat there and peed in her pants. She was sure it was OK to just do that.

Has anyone else ever heard this phrase said?

