Sophie Rxx1 vists The Apprentice Pisser Pt 2

6th June 2012, 06:04 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Sarah undid her seatbelt and began to wriggle out of the soaked blue jeans. Pushing them down her legs she slipped them off. She gazed forlornly at the front of her formerly light green cotton knickers, now wringing wet and a lovely dark shade of green around the crotch and a good 80% of the rest of the front.

"I know" laughed Sarah "green knickers don't go with a red t-shirt. I really wasn't expecting my knickers to be on show today".

"Are they as wet at the back?" Sophie asked innocently. and Sarah turned herself onto her side over in the limited space available, giving Sophie a wonderful view of the back of the soaked panties and also of the lovely damp patch of wee soaking into the carseat

"'Fraid so" laughed Sophie, thrilled at viewing the evidence of Sarah's accident close up. "All the way from here to here" she said, lightly tracing her finger over the fabric and feeling a thrill go through her as she did so. Placing the whole of her hand lightly against the wet fabric she announced "they really are soaked through I'm afraid". Despite the lightness of her touch, she could feel the contours of Sarah's shapely bottom beneath her palm, and she held her hand in place for precious seconds until she feared any longer would arouse suspicion. "Yes, completely soaked" she pronouced

"There's a blanket in the back seat" said Sarah. "Could you hold it round me so I have some privacy. I have some spare knickers in my handbag so I'll put them on"

Sophie held the long blue blanket around Sarah whilst Sarah peeled off her knickers and threw them on the back seat. Sophie couldn't help but admire her friends long smooth legs, glistening with droplets of pee, and of course her gaze then naturally fell upon Sarah's young pussy, her neatly trimmed blonde pubic hair matted wet with pee, against her body.

Sophie drank in the view, storing up the images for later consumption. All too soon Sarah manged to wriggle into a pair of dark black knickers, and then wrapped the blanket over and under her so she was protected from prying eyes, and the damp car seat. "That's better" she said "How about you? How are you holding up?"

"I'm completely bursting" said Sophie "There's no way I'll make it to a loo, even if by some miracle the traffic starts again now. I'm going to nip out to the bushes at the road side and save your car seat"

Sophie half hoped her friend would encourage her to stay with her, giving Sophie the excuse to naughtily wet the car seat without feeling guilty, but Sarah laughed "Of course, go for it. No point in two of us disgracing ourselves"

Sophie undid her belt and opened the car door. Luckily they'd been on the inside lane when the traffic came to a halt. She knew it must be completely obvious to all the occupants of the nearby cars what she was up to and the exhibitionist in her enjoyed the thought. She wondered if any of them were watersports lovers and would even be getting a real thrill from thinking of what she was going to do. She hoped so.

Luckily for Sophie there were plenty of bushess to provide cover, and once she wa sure she was completely hidden, she hitched up her white skirt, pulled her yellow thong panties to the side, crouched and let fly with a powerful hot jet of golden piss. A soft moan of pleasure escaped her lips at the sher unadulterated pleasure of finally letting go. Her thick honey coloured stream was giving the nearby bushes a refreshing shower after the recent dry weather and Sophie laughed as she recalled the euphemism of "watering the plants". It was certainly true in this case.

On and on the pee gushed, with Sophie spraying it around with abandon, watching as dry patches of soil were refreshed and darkened as they greedily devoured her wee.

Finally the powerful stream slowed to a trickle and then to droplets.

She pulled her knickers up tight against the front of her pussy, so the last few drops were absorbed by the fabric and was about to hitch her skirt up when she realised that recent events had left her so turned on she just had to give herself another form of relief.

Pulling down her knickers once more, and double checking her entire body was hidden from view she began to pleasure herself. Unhooking her bra and placing it in her handbag, with her left hand she began teasing and caressing her nipples, and with her right hand she gently ran small circles over her wet clit. Thinking about Sarah wetting itself, the moment when the jeans went from dry to soaking wet as Sarah lost control of her bladder, and then of being able to view the evidence close up, running her hand over the wet kickers and feeling the firm flesh beneath and finally those precious few seconds of viewing the naked sex of her friend. All that stimuli meant Sophie was so turned on it took her less than a minute to reach the point of no return and she rubbed her clit with increasiby vigour until seconds later she came in a gloriously satisying climax.

Quickly she smoothed her t-shirt back down, and pulled up her knickers and skirt. She could feel her undies immediately begin to get pleasantly damp from her pussy juice.

Once she was suitably decorous she returned to the car. "Better?" enquired Sarah with a smile "You have no idea" beamed Sophie

*****

It was a full 25 minutes more before they got moving again. Thankfully however there were no further incidents en route and eventually they reached their destination.

"I'm glad we allowed plenty of time to get here" said Sarah "I'd have hated you to be late for your interview

"What inter..I mean, definitely" said Sophie.

Sarah had arranged to spend the day shopping at a nearby outlet centre and to pick Sophie up when she was finished.

As her friend prpepared to leave, Sophie leaned into the back seat and picked up Sarah's still damp panties

"I'll chuck these in the bin on my way past" she said cheerily. Sarah had been thinking she'd just wash them and wear them again, but she didn't want to seem unhygenic so she said nothing.

As her friend drove away Sophie ran her thumb over the panties

. What a fantastic souvenir of her friends wetting

. She placed them carefully in her jacket pocket and began to walk towards the Apprentice House.

