The Perques of Business Travel

12th October 2011, 03:19 AM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

Kayleen leaned back in the dim corner of the nearly deserted hotel bar and counted her lucky stars. It wasn't often that the fates saw fit to provide such a pleasant diversion. Oh sure, you could go into any dive bar on a weekend and catch sight of any number of drunken fools that had waited to long to get in line for the men's. Young crotch jockeys making spectacles of themselves. That sort of thing was fine enough to feed her fetish if there was nothing better looming on the horizon but the eye candy at the bar was ever so much better.

He was sitting about 20 feet away from her at the back corner of the bar, conversing with the bartender, nursing a beer. It was difficult to judge with him sitting down but she put him at upwards of 6 feet and a solid looking 215 or so. The light disguised his age but, he appeared to be somewhere in his thirties. Definitely on the young side for her but, she was just looking so, what the hell!

She continued to study him from the safety of the shadows. His hair was brown and professionally styled to keep the curls under control and his clothes, though casual, fit him very well. It was the shoes that gave him away as on the well to do side. A girl had to know her shoes.

While the over all package was very nice, it was his package that interested her. More precisely, it was how he was handling his package that held her attention. And he was handling it. A lot.

Protected as he thought he was from general observation, his right hand was making increasingly frequent forays into his lap. She watched hungrily as he alternated between pressing down with the heel of his hand and wrapping his long fingers around his cock thru the well worn denim of his jeans. Every so often his muscular thighs squeezed tightly together for a few moments before relaxing, Yet, through all of these machinations his face remained untroubled, giving no sign of what appeared to be an increasing need to relieve himself.

He was getting down to the bottom of his glass and Kayleen was afraid he might head for the gent's or, worse, cash out and leave. So, hoping for the best, she flagged down her server ad bought him another of whatever he was drinking.

***

Kristoff had seen her come into the bar. The place was so nearly deserted, he'd hoped for a moment that she would join him. When she smiled and nodded before heading to her corner, he sighed and ordered another beer.

Women like her never came on to him and, when he tried his luck with them, they usually acted as if his interest couldn't possibly be genuine. Instead, he attracted the sort of women that everyone else thought he should want. His buddies thought he was nuts for turning down the near constant stream of Barbie dolls that seemed to find him irresistible but, they just didn't do it for him. When it came to women, Kris believed that more was more. He wanted more height, more width, more intelligence and more years, not a piece of arm candy that bored him to tears and left him cold when it came to the physical aspects of a relationship. So, he was more than a little startled, and pleasantly surprised, when the bartender slid another beer up to him and said it was from the lady in the corner. He raised his glass to her and motioned for her to join him.

************

Kayleen grabbed her purse and her drink and headed for the bar. He watched her approach, practically drooling as she moved towards him. Her wide hips swayed back and forth as she placed one heel clad foot in front of the other, her breasts gently bouncing beneath the silk of her tastefully unbuttoned blouse. As she came closer he could see that she was probably 10 years his senior but, he wouldn't have ventured to guess her age. Physically, she was just what he went for and he felt his interest stir, despite the strain of his full bladder. He wondered, for a moment, how long he would be able to wait before he had to excuse himself. He'd been planning on a very desperate evening followed by some solo wetting.

But now, he was holding out hope for a different outcome. He squeezed his thighs tightly together so that he could offer his hand when she sat down.

"Thanks for the beer," he said, taking her large, long fingered hand into his own. "I was just about to call it a night."

"Oh, I hope I'm not keeping you from anything urgent," she smiled. "I was just getting awfully tired of my own company and I couldn't face the idea of another night of bad cable."

"Sounds like a dismal fate. I'm glad I could be of assistance. I'm Kris, by the way. Kris Kostas."

"Pleasure to meet you Kris. I'm Kayleen Dunn."

"Well Miss Dunn, it is Miss I hope? How do you find yourself here on an otherwise uninspired Wednesday evening?

"It is definitely Miss and, the publishing company I work for is setting up a book tour for one of your authors. I'm the advance team. You?"

"Nothing nearly so interesting. I'm here for a board meeting and then a retirement dinner."

"Here's to the fascinating world of business travel. Cheers!"

Kayleen clicked her glass against his and watched the muscles of his throat work as he took a long swallow.

The last thing Kris needed at that moment was another beer. The two that had preceded it were laying heavy in his bladder atop the several glasses of water he'd consumed during the afternoon board meeting. It was becoming more difficult with each passing moment to maintain his air of nonchalance. He leaned over the bar towards Kayleen shielding the quick grab he made for his crotch. He began stroking his penis through his jeans, hoping that making himself hard would delay the inevitable. He was going to have to excuse himself soon or when he did get up, the rush to the men's room was going to be anything but dignified. Still, he hated to break up the conversation as they were just getting to know one another. Not only did he find her extremely attractive, it turned out that she had a sharp mind and an even sharper wit.

Kayleen wondered how long she could keep Kris on the edge of his seat, both literally and figuratively. His face still remained calm but, below the waist, she could tell things were heating up. She could feel the slight breeze his legs made against her own as he began to open and close them more often and his right hand was spending more time under the bar than above it. Knowing that he was desperate and that he thought she didn't know excited her immensely. She extended herself to be witty and charming. She was enjoying both his plight and his company.

Time passed more quickly than either realized and soon, though it was still far from closing time, they were the only two left at the bar.

"I'm famished," Kayleen said, looking around. "Would you care to join me for dinner?"

"I'd love too," Kris replied, realizing he was going to have to stand up and that that might be a problem.

"Wonderful," Kayleen smiled at him and held out her hand as she slid off the bar stool. "I know just the place."

Kris took her hand and got off the stool, grabbing reflexively for his crotch. He barely managed to keep from touching himself, casting a sideways glance to see if Kayleen had noticed. If she had, she gave no sign, picking up the conversation as they exited the bar and headed across the lobby to the elevator. She strolled slowly, swinging their hands as if they were taking a leisurely walk thru the park, occasionally leaning into him then easing away. The need to pee was becoming so intense that Kris was starting to lose the train of the conversation.

"I thought we might go up to my suite, if you don't mind?" she asked him as they waited for the elevator. "That way, we can take our time and get to know each other better."

"Sounds like a great idea to me,: Kris agreed. At any other time he might have been stupefied by his luck. Here was a woman that could not have fit his specs better if he had designed her himself, inviting him up to her room for an intimate dinner and all he could think about was that if he didn't get to the bathroom soon, he was going to embarrass himself terribly.

In the elevator, Kayleen moved around in front of him and draped her arms around his neck, staring into his eyes as she pressed her hips to his. He groaned as she leaned in to kiss him and he couldn't tell if it was because he wanted to kiss her so much or because the additional pressure on his bladder was making it nearly impossible to hold his pee. When she began to rock her hips side to side against him, he nearly lost it.

Pulling away he said, "Not that I really want this to stop for any reason but, I think we might want to wait until we get to the room."

"Whatever for," she purred, leaning more of her weight into him. "I rather thought you wanted to kiss me."

"I did. I mean I do. It's just that, any minute, I am going to embarrass myself, and probably you, too."

She reached down between and stroked the front of his jeans. "This isn't going to embarrass me. How could something so flattering be embarrassing? I don't think I've ever had this effect on such a young, attractive man before."

Kris groaned and leaned into her touch, pulling away almost instantly ans the pressure of her touch forced the first trickle to escape his aching penis. Oh god, he was going to piss himself in front of the sexiest woman he'd met in ages, any minute. He grabbed himself with both hands, bending double and moaning in an effort to regain control of his body. He looked up at her, blushing and unable to think of a single thing to say. Fortunately, Kayleen relieved him of the necessity.

"Would you like me to help you with that," she whispered in his ear, sliding her hand over his and squeezing gently. "I would be happy to assist in any way I can."

For a moment, even the need to pee fled his head. Kris was perfectly aware that there were all kinds of people out there who shared some version of his kink but, in all the years he'd enjoyed his solitary play, he'd never met another pee lover. He moved his hands until she was cupping him and closed his eyes as she found the spot behind his swollen head to apply pressure, cutting off the infinitesimal flow. Just thinking about what she was doing to him was making him hard. He was all but lost in the counterpoint of sensation when the elevator dinged and the doors slid open on a group of people waiting to enter.

Every ounce of will he had was focused on taking her hand and leading her out of the elevator and through the small crowd. Then the door closed and they were along.

"Oh god," Kris groaned, squeezing his thighs together around his grasping hands, "I'm not going to make it."

"Just a few more feet, Kris. I'm right down here. Don't you want to be alone with me when it happens?"

He stared at her, bemused.

"You want to watch?"

"Oh, I want to do more than watch, if you'll let me."

"Where's your room?" he asked, prying himself into an upright position.

"Come with me," she smiled, taking one hand, watching him grab and pinch with the other as they made their way down the hall. "Would you like to open the door?"

"Kayleen," he gritted out thru clenched teeth, "if I let go, I'm going to start peeing right here. I wouldn't mind but, I think the hallways have cameras."

"Good point. I'll take care of the door."

In a moment they were inside a lovely, modern suite and she had his hand again, leading him to an enormous bathroom.

"Hold on just a little longer, baby," she whispered. "I want to get out of my skirt and blouse. Would you like to help?"

"I'd better not, if the goal is to keep them dry," he responded back to holding himself with both hands.

Kayleen shrugged, as if it didn't matter to her one way or another but she stripped down to bra, panties, garter and thigh highs in a matter of moment. Then, admonishing him to wait just a few more seconds, she piled the towels, one on top of another, in the middle of the bathroom floor and knelt down.

"Come over hear and let me help you put of those jeans," she offered from her position on her knees.

Kris made his way over to her, barely lifting his feet from the floor in an attempt to hold on as long as possible. He could feel his pulse pounding in his overwhelmed bladder, feel the weight of the pee pressing down against his sphincter and seeping into his urethra. His underpants were already damp from the unstoppable leaks that broke free in longer and longer spurts.

He moaned and bounced a little as she reached to unsnap his jeans, pressing her knuckles against the bulge of his taut bladder. Knowing exactly what she was doing to him, she rocked her knuckles back and forth, applying rolling pressure. He could feel the give and retreat as he clenched, the pee demanding an escape from its too small confines.

"Hurry Kaylene, please..."

She eased his fly down with agonizing slowness, stopping as the wet spot on his briefs revealed itself. She leaned in and kissed the wet spot, grazing him with her teeth thru the wet cotton.

"Ah jeeze, Kayleen, you're killing me. I can't hold it. Please hurry!"

As he begged, she watched an uncontrolled spurt of pee burble up through his underwear, like a fountain that was low on pressure, breaching the surface of the material and then sliding down to wet his cock and balls. She rubbed the wet fabric against him, smiling up at him.

"God you are sexy," she growled up at him, as she finished unzipping him.

As she dragged his jeans down over his hips, another rush of piss escaped his control, this time with enough pressure toe breach the already wet cotton and land on her chest. His briefs were soaked now, clinging to his semi swollen cock and heavy balls. She thought he looked so amazing but, it was time to turn him loose. She reached up thru the legs of his briefs, taking the elastic of his waist and pulled them down, making sure that his heaving bladder didn't escape without one last caress.

The feel of her warm hands and the cool air on him was the last straw,. Kris cried out as he began to piss, first in short hard spurts, each a little longer than the last. From where he stood above her, he could see her reveling in the hard golden rain that was pouring down on her, wetting her everywhere. She took his pissing member in her hands, guiding her stream into her hair, over her face, across her chest. Then, as the spurts began to run together into one long, hard stream, she leaned back on her heals, pushed down her panties and spread her pussy lips, angling herself so that the hard fall of golden pee pounded down on her clit. She began to moan and roll her hips, fingering her clit beneath the waterfall of his piss, cumming loudly as his pee splashed against her throbbing clit and ran into her glistening cunt. He'd never seen anything remotely like this, never seen anything so sexy. Felt himself getting hard as his pee stream began to fade.

Watching him stroke himself to full erection above her, Kayleen lay down on the piss drenched towels and spread her legs. There was no doubt what she wanted and no doubt that she was going to get it. Still leaking the last bit of his epic pee, Kris plunged into her tight, hot, wet cunt. She screamed as he entered her and then wrapped her legs around him and he drove into her, each stroke striking the spark on another orgasm until her heaving, shaking body demanded that he join her. Yelling out his own satisfaction, Kris blew a huge load inside his dream girl.

Later, after they had cleaned themselves up and ordered room service, they lay tangled up in each other on the bed.

"That may have been the most amazing experience I have ever had," Kris said kissing her forehead.

"Glad you enjoyed. I had a whale of a good time, myself. Thanks for playing!"

"How did you know, though," he asked. I've never shared that with anyone. I've never even told anyone, outside of cyberspace, that is.

"Mostly it was a lucky hunch," Kayleen responded, patting his still tender bladder. "Besides, if I'd been wrong, it wasn't like we'd ever have to see each other again.

"So, do we have to see each other again, now?"

"I wouldn't say have to but, I certainly wouldn't say know if you wanted to play again, sometime."

"Oh, I want. And next time, I get to see how long you can hold out."

"Really? Next time may be sooner than you think. I haven't peed since lunch time. Hand me the phone, will you?"

"What for?"

"I think we're going to need a LOT of extra towels."

"Woo-hoo!" Kris whooped, rolling over on top of her and taking her mouth with his. "This may be the most productive business trip I have EVER taken."

