Kaele1gh's American Vacation, Day 2

21st March 2011, 04:26 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Monday, June 13, 2011

The alarm goes off on Monday morning. I turn it off, roll over, and see Kaeleigh looking at me. It was just yesterday that I picked her up from the airport, but it seems like we've known each other forever. After our first time ever making love she had fallen asleep, exhausted from the long trip from South Africa. After she woke up, showered, and got dressed I gave her a quick tour of El Paso, and we went to eat at an authentic Mexican food restaurant. She claimed to have liked the food, but I really couldn't tell. I was worried that it might be too spicy for her, knowing nothing of South African cuisine.

Upon returning home we had made love again. I had started out with me soaking her tits with my piss, and then cleaning them up with my tongue. She had given me a drink of her piss, which was nice and clear, just how I like it. I had then climbed on top and inserted my dick into her pussy, and had fucked her until she came. I was still game for more, but she was exhausted from her trip, so I came quickly, and fell asleep beside her.

This morning I want to make the two-and-a-half trip up to Carlsbad Caverns. The caverns are huge, and filled with beautiful formations. I want to get an early start so that we can explore the caves on the self-guided tour, take one of the guided tours (something I have yet to do), eat dinner, and then catch the bat flight at night. I'm guessing it will be different from anything she has experienced back home, and am anxious to show it to her.

I look at her face staring at me and say «Morning Beautiful.»

«Morning gorgeous,» she replies.

I give her a kiss, and go to get up. «Where are you going?» she asks.

«I've got to take a piss,» I reply, as I start to climb out of the bed.

«Oh no you don't!» With that she grabs my arm and pulls me back into bed. She lays on top me and starts to kiss me. I love the feel of her lips on mine, and of her big, beautiful tits on my chest, but the extra pressure she is putting on my bladder is causing me more than a little discomfort.

I shift my body to roll us over so that we are both lying on our sides, facing each other. We continue to kiss as she takes my dick in her hand, stroking it, and lightly caressing my balls with her fingers. Despite my urgent need to pee her efforts get me hard in no time.

«Fuck me,» she whispers to me.

I climb on top of her, and slide my dick into her wet pussy. I start moving my dick in and out, slowly at first, and then increasing my speed until I am ramming it into her. My usual pleasure, however, is mixed with pain, as I can feel every thrust in my overly full bladder.

The pain causes me to lose some of my stiffness. I'm still partially erect, able to thrust in and out of her pussy, but do not have the raging hard-on I did just a minute ago. I now have the ability to piss, an ability that I know she will appreciate.

It takes one more thrust, one more painful thrust on my aching bladder, and it starts - I'm pissing inside her pussy. It's a little slow at first, my semi-hard dick being the culprit, but it increases in strength, filling her up. My piss is splattering everywhere as I thrust in and out, hitting our stomachs, soaking my balls, pouring out her pussy and over the crack of her ass. It feels awesome, and, from her moaning, I can tell that she is enjoying it too. I am pushing the last of my piss out of my dick when I feel her body shudder, and continue to fuck her through her orgasm, my dick growing harder as I do.

Her own bladder has been full this whole time, and she chooses to release her control of it as she cums. I feel her piss hit my dick, and I, too, am lost in ecstasy. Her piss, like mine before it, is splashing all over the place, soaking our torsos, her ass, and my dick and balls. I fuck her impossibly wet pussy as fast as I possibly can, and then feel the release as I squirt a huge blast of cum into her pussy. I continue to fuck her until all my cum is spent, then collapse down beside her.

«That's three incredible fucks, and you haven't even been in town a full day,» I say, marveling at her and her wonderful body. «If you keep this pace up you're going to wear me out. I think I'm going to need some Viagra.»

«Don't worry about getting hard,» she replies. «I'll take care of that.»

Still wanting to get to the caves early, I lead her out of bed and into the shower, where we soap each other's bodies, and I make her cum again, this time with my fingers. Words cannot describe how much I am enjoying her visit.

We depart my house for Carlsbad Caverns. I warn her to use the bathroom before we go, as it is a two-and-a-half hour drive to the caves, desert all the way. There will be no bathrooms until we get to the Carlsbad Caverns visitor center. She assures me that she is fine, and will have no problems making it to the caves before having to use the bathroom.

Along the way there is a Border Patrol checkpoint. Every other time I have passed one I simply say «U.S. citizens,» and get waved right through. I'm curious as to what I should do this time. Should I just say «U.S. citizens» again, which would be the easy thing to do? Or should I be completely honest, and let them know that she is a citizen of South Africa? They are looking for illegal aliens coming from Mexico, so they may not care and still wave us right on through, or they might want to look at her passport, making the normally inconvenient stop even more so. I decide to do the right thing. The Border Patrol officer takes a look at her passport, and then waves us on through.

At about an hour-and-a-half into the trip we start to pass by Guadalupe Peak, part of the Guadalupe Mountains of West Texas and Southern New Mexico. It is at this point I notice her discomfort. «I thought you said you would be fine all the way to the caves,» I say. «We've still got almost an hour to go.»

«I did this on purpose,» she replies, before taking a swig out of her rather large water bottle. «Being desperate turns me on. Unfortunately I don't think I planned this very well, I'm going to have to go soon.»

«Kaeleigh, I told you that there aren't any restrooms out here. I think that you're going to have to hold it.»

She gives me a look like I must be crazy. «I spend much of my time out in the African bush. Do you think I need an actual loo in order to pee?»

I realize that she is right, and immediately start scanning the road for a place that will give her some seclusion. I pull over next to a rather large rock on the side of the road, and we walk along behind it, sheltered from the view of the other cars along the road.

I am surprised that she has completely taken off her pants and panties

, expecting her instead to simply to pull them part way down and squat, like I've seen before in pictures. She then sits down in the sand, arches her back, spreads her thick, beautiful pussy lips, and start to piss a strong, beautiful fountain. I am mesmerized by the lovely site of her pissing like that out in nature, and soon lean in to take a drink of her delicious piss.

She is turned on by this whole experience. She has pissed outside a number of times, but never so near a road, and even though we can't see them, the sound of the cars zooming by lets us know how close they really are. This is also the first time she has pissed outside in front of someone, and finds that doing so in front of me excites her. Finally she loves my reaction, as I kneel and drink her piss like I'm drinking water from a fountain.

It's a nice, long piss, but it ends too quickly for each of us. She stands up, brushes the sand off of her ass cheeks, and starts to pull up her panties

. «Before you do that, let me clean you up,» I say.

Before she has time to respond I am on my knees in front of her, licking up the drops of piss still clinging to her body. This makes her even hornier, and she grabs the back of my head and pushes it towards her pussy. I anxiously attack her pussy with my tongue, and the combined effects of pissing in front of me, watching me drink her pee, and my eating her behind a rock beside the highway makes her cum very quickly. After her orgasm subsides I stand in front of her and give her a kiss, allowing her to taste her juices on my lips.

«Wow, that was hot!» I exclaim, never having done anything near that naughty outside in my life. «But come on, we've got to go.»

We get in the car and start to drive. «Thank you for that, Mark, that was amazing,» She tells me, as she start to fondle my dick through my pants. «I absolutely loved that.»

She unzips my pants and releases my hard dick, slowly stroking it up and down. «Careful, Kaeleigh, I don't want to walk into the visitors center with a mess all over my pants.»

«Don't worry, I won't let that happen,» she replies. She continues to stroke my dick with her hand, and start to talk to me: «I love the way you respond when I pee. I love the look of lust in your eyes when you see my stream. I love the way you desire to drink me. It feels so intimate, so much like we're a part of each other. I love the way you desire to lick me clean, whether it be your piss on my tits or my piss on my pussy. I love pissing for you, and pissing on you, and I love it when you piss on me, and in me.»

Her little speech was way too much for me. «Oh god, Kaeleigh, I'm going to cum!» I exclaim.

With that she leans over and takes my dick into her mouth. Within seconds she feels my cock spasm, and a hot load of cum hits the back of her throat. She continues to suck on my cock, swallowing my cum, until my orgasm stops. She then tucks my dick back in my pants, zips up my zipper, and sits up.

«Holy shit, this has been the hottest, sexiest two days of my entire life,» I say, almost breathless.

«Just wait, today's not over yet,» she tells me. I can't wait to see what else she has in mind.

A short time after I finish cumming we enter White's City, New Mexico. White's City is named after Jim White, a cowboy who discovered and explored the caverns in the early 20th century. He told others of his explorations, many of whom didn't believe in the wonders he described. Eventually the U.S. Department of the Interior sent someone to check it out, and later National Geographic came and ran an article on the caves. From there the caves' popularity soared, and it is today one of the most popular national parks in the states.

Unfortunately White's City doesn't do justice to the memory of the man it is named after. It's not a city at all, consisting only of a hotel, a handful of souvenir shops, a gas station, a motel, and one overpriced tourist trap restaurant. This town wouldn't exist w/o the caverns, as it is only a 20 minute or so drive from here to the caves.

Shortly after leaving White's City we begin the steep ascent into the Guadalupe Mountains. The mountains are very rough and rocky, full of desert plants and wildlife. I happen to find them beautiful; she seems to enjoy them as well. Soon we reach the top, and park in one of the Carlsbad Caverns visitors center parking lots. From the parking lot we can look down at the desert below, where we had just been only minutes before. It is a breath taking sight.

We walk into the visitors' center and buy our tickets for the day's activities. I purchase tickets for the self-guided Big Room tour and the guided King's Palace tour. I have already purchased tickets for the Slaughter Canyon Cave tour in advance, which we will take tomorrow. The other activity I have planned for us, watching the bat flight tonight, is free. We also rent had held audio tour guides.

There are two ways to get down to the self-guided Big Room tour. One is to take the elevators 750 down to the underground lunch room, and from there walk the path through the Big Room. The other, which I have taken every single time I have ever visited the caves, is to take the natural entrance down. The natural entrance route takes visitors on a well maintained path that steeply descends down into the caverns, and takes about an hour or so to walk. It also lets off in the lunch room. The Big Room is over 33,000 square meters in area, larger than the size of six American football fields. It takes about an hour-and-a-half to walk the Big Room. As always, I opt to take the natural entrance route - I find it far more interesting.

As we walk towards the natural entrance we stop for instruction from one of the park rangers. They inform us of how important it is to stay on the trail, both for our safety and for the preservation of the cave. They also warn us not to touch any of the cave formations, as oil from our bodies will prevent the formation from ever being able to grow any further. The implications are clear - if the touch of a hand can damage a formation, there will be no pee play in the caves. That's fine, as we will have plenty of opportunity later at the motel.

We walk past the Bat Flight Amphitheater and we see the trail twisting down to a large hole in the ground. Kaeleigh asks mr if the little animals flying around the entrance are bats, but the audio guide answers for me - they are cave swallows. They fly around the entrance by day, the bats take over at night. We continue down the trail into the wide cave opening.

We walk the steep trail down, holding hands, taking a little over an hour to do so. She marvels at the beauty of the underground scenery, happy that she got the chance to see this. We reach the end of this trail, and take a short break in the underground lunch room. As we sit at a table she places her arms around me and gives me a big kiss. I embrace her in return, loving the feeling of holding her tight as I kiss her soft, amazing lips.

We are soon back on our feet again, ready to take the Big Room tour. She soon discovers how apt a name the «Big Room» is, as it is an amazingly large cave. She also quickly realizes that as amazing as the scenery on the way down was, that she hasn't seen anything yet. We take over an hour to walk the big room, marveling at the cave formations as we do so. She makes some jokes about how the stalactites and stalagmites look like giant penises; I eventually am able to show her one that looks like a giant tit. We giggle, laugh, ooh, and ahh as we walk through the cave.

We return from the Big Room tour w/ about half an hour to go before we start the King's Palace tour. We buy some water and a sandwich each as we wait, taking the opportunity for more kissing as we sit down. Soon it's time for the tour to start, and we join the group and follow the tour guide.

I have not been to this part of the caverns since they made it into a guided tour, but I do have memories of it back when it was part of the self-guided tour. The Big Room stands alone in terms of the pure majesty of the room itself and some of the huge formations, but the formations on the King's Palace tour take a back seat to none when it comes to their beauty. We see some of the most beautiful and popular sites on the tour: the King's Palace, the Queen's Chamber, and the Bashful Elephant.

At one point in the tour the guide has us all sit down, and tells us that he is going to turn off the lights. We will be sitting in complete and total darkness. As the lights go off we see that this is true - neither one of us can see our hand right in front of our face. I decide to take advantage of the situation, feel for her beside me, and start to kiss her while I fondle her tits. She reaches down and starts rubbing my dick through my pants. All too soon the tour guide tells us that he is going to turn the lights back on. We stop right before the lights come back on. The group stands up, but I stay seated for a little bit before getting up, causing us to take up the rear of the group. It would have been too embarrassing for me to stand up right away.

We return to the lunch room, and take one of the elevators up 750 feet to the surface. We look around at the displays and in the gift shop at the Visitor's Center for a while, buying some souvenirs of the trip. It is still fairly early in the afternoon, and the bat flight is not until about 7:30 this night. We decide to go into the town of Carlsbad, about half an hour away, to check into the motel room and grab a bite to eat, before returning to see the bat flight.

We hit the motel, get the keys to our room, and head into the room for the purpose of dropping off of luggage and perhaps freshening up a little bit. As soon as we enter the room, however, we are all over each other. We embrace each other in a kiss, and then tumble on to the bed, still holding each other tight. I grab the bottom of her shirt and pull it over her head, and quickly unclasp her bra, releasing those big, marvelous tits. I grab them both in my hands, and alternately lick them and suck on her nipples, while squeezing and kneading them with my hands.

She reaches down and unzips my pants, and releases my throbbing cock. She strokes it with her hand as I work on her tits. I am in heaven, but I become aware of a growing need that I've been ignoring for quite a while. Realizing that she hasn't gone for a few hours herself, I'm sure that she's in the same situation I am.

«Kaeleigh, beautiful, I need to piss,» I tell her, as I take a quick break from sucking on her tits.

«So piss, then, I'm not stopping you,» she replies.

«I can't right here. We're not at home w/ my own sheets and the mattress protector. We're going to have to go into the bathroom.»

Realizing that I am right, we both get up and head to the bathroom, removing the rest of our clothing along the way.

She sits on the toilet, and spreads her legs, in order to give me a view of her stream. «Not there,» I say, before she can start. «Let's get into the tub.»

We climb into the bathtub/shower. She stand at the end of the tub, her back to me, lean forward, bracing herself on the wall, and start to piss. I quickly come up behind her, grab my dick, and place it right into her stream. Her hot piss hits my dick, runs over my balls, and down my legs. I am instantly rock hard again, any thoughts I might have had of taking a piss of my own go out of the window for a while, but I don't care. I am enjoying this amazing dick washing.

I reach forward and start to play w/ her clit as she pisses on my dick. All too soon for me her piss stream tails off. With she's still leaning against the wall, I slide my dick inside her wet pussy, and start fucking her from behind, still massaging her clit. The sound of my dick sliding in and out of her wet cunt, of my body slamming against her beautiful ass as I fuck her, and of our moans as we fuck fill the room. She replaces my fingers on her clit w/ her own, and I reach up and grab her tits, squeezing them in time with each thrust of my dick. Soon her body shudders in an orgasm. A couple of minutes later she cums again.

In the throes of her second orgasm I start to cum too, filling her pussy with my cum. After we both finish cumming I stay inside her, feel my dick soften slightly, and start to fill her pussy with my piss. My piss and my cum start to leak out of her pussy, flowing over my ball and legs, and splattering on the floor of the tub. I continue to rub her tits, and she starts fingering her clit again, while I piss, and she achieves another orgasm shortly after my stream finishes.

We turn on the water and take a shower, passionately kissing while we soap up each other's bodies and rinse off. After we clean up, dry off, and get dressed, we hit Lucy's, a Mexican food restaurant in Carlsbad that I've heard good things about, before heading back up to the caverns.

We arrive back at the caverns around 7 PM, and take our seats in the amphitheater. A ranger comes and gives us information on the caverns, on bats, and on the bat flight, until eventually sensors warn us that the bats are coming. We watch as hundreds of thousands of bats swirl around the cave entrance, and then take flight into the New Mexico sky, searching for insects to make their evening meal.

We depart the Carlsbad Caverns parking lot, driving down the winding mountain road in the dark. She takes advantage of the darkness by unzipping my pants and pulling out my dick, stroking it as we ride back to Carlsbad. I take my right hand and reach into her shirt as I drive w/ my left, fondling her amazing tits.

The drive to the motel, while pleasurable, seems to take forever, as we both want to do so much more. As soon as we park we both rush into the room, and head straight for the bathtub.

This time I ask her to kneel in front of me. She does so, I relax, and start to piss all over those gorgeous tits of hers. I love the sight of my piss hitting her tits, and love her reaction to it even more, as she rubs my piss all over her body, enjoying the hot stream as it soaks her. As my stream begins to wane she takes my dick and sticks it in her mouth, drinking the last little spurts of my piss.

This makes me instantly hard again. While she's still kneeling in the tub, I ask her to squeeze her tits together, and start to slide my dick between her wet, slippery tits. I tittie fuck her for a couple of minutes, loving the sight of my dick emerging from the top of her tits. Soon she stands up, and I lay down in tub.

She straddles my face w/ her pussy, and lets out a nice, strong stream of piss. I open my mouth and drink all I can, the excess running out of my mouth and onto my chest. I love the taste of her piss, and stroke my cock as I drink from her. As soon as her stream stops I attack her pussy w/ my tongue. She quickly orgasms, and I enjoy the taste of her cum as you does so.

She then sits on top of me, and slide my dick into her pussy. I love the sight of her tits bouncing up and down as she rides me, and lean forward so that I can lick them, tasting the remnants of my piss as I do so. I soon cum, and as soon as she feels my sperm fill her pussy she does so as well.

After showering we retire to the bed. It's been a very busy day.

«So, beautiful, how are you enjoying American so far?» I ask.

«Mark, I'm having the time of my life,» she responds. «The caverns were amazing, but my favorite part has been the pissing and fucking. I've looked forward to that for so long.»

«So have I, Kaeleigh,» I reply. «It's even better than I dreamed about. I'm having the time of my life, and will be so upset when you have to leave.»

«So will I,» she tells me, in a voice that reveals how much she'll miss me, before perking up. «That's still almost two weeks away, let's not think about that right now. Let's just enjoy each other while we still can.»

With that I give her another passionate kiss.

