On Holiday Now (Pt 1V) **True**

9th April 2011, 12:02 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

On Holiday (Pt 1V) **True**

Apart from giving one another oral sex, T and I had yet to have full sex. I was really hoping at some point to get my stiff cock inside her as I found her so very sexy. She had a touch of class about her, the way she walked, behaved and dressed.

Monday morning I awoke and got up quite early as I wanted to empty my overnight bladder and start afresh drinking lots of water.

The sun was shining and it was just after 10.30am when I heard next doors sliding door open. I was sitting on the balcony wearing a pair of red silk panties and nothing else. K came out first with a cup of coffee. She was wearing a pair of tightish jeans and a loose top. She asked me for a cigarette as she had run out that morning, so I got up and gave her a couple. I noticed that when I got up she had her eyes fixed on my bulge that was in my panties. It was only when I gave her the cigarettes that she looked me in the eyes and said thank you.

T came out five minutes later. She was wearing a pair of black and white striped tightish pair of slacks, more tight than loose actually. They flitted her butt just nicely. T asked if I had had breakfast yet, I replied that I had not eaten yet. K suggested that we go down to a bar and have something to eat. Ok I said i'll be ready in five.

We went to a place where I sometimes go for an English breakfast with English bacon. I had a bacon sandwich and they both had some scrambled eggs. Whilst we were eating K began talking about sex and how much she enjoyed our night together.

I was going to suggest would she like to do it again, however, before I had time to get the words out T said are you coming to our apartment later. I said if I am invited, then yes I would love to, this was said with tongue in cheek and we all kind of chuckled.

K asked if I would wear some of their panties later, why not I replied, but only if you put them on for me to which we all laughed. When we ordered our breakfast I ordered a bottle of still water instead of tea or coffee.

The talk at the table was just general but quite a lot of the time it was about sexy things, both always seemed to throw in comments about sex and of what we had all done during the previous few days.

We finished our breakfast and went to buy some cigarettes a little further down the road. We walked slowly and talked a lot on the way. We had a few laughs and talked of things in general mostly. By now it was past mid day and it was getting quite hot. So we decided that some sunbathing would be good. We set back for the apartments and when we were near T asked if I was still going to their apartment? I shall be in ten minutes after a quick shower.

I had a white t shirt on and a pair of jeans with a clean pair of black panties when I went into their place. I took a bottle of water with me also. I saw that they had already began to drink water as there was two bottles of half drunk standing on the table. Now I knew what was going to happen and was getting really excited at the prospect of things to come.

We were all in the living room and T went and got something from the bedroom, it was a handful of panties. There were 6 pairs in all, all different kinds and colours. They said that there was three pair that belonged to each of them. K started to undress me and T joined in. There I was stark bloody naked at their mercy, I just thought do what you will I don't care. My cock was really stiff and hard by now. K put the first pair on me; she pulled them up over my legs and tucked my stiff cock inside. Now they said lets go and do some sunbathing. So onto their balcony we went.

We took some more water with us and we were drinking it fairly quickly. I was sitting at the table with them in just the panties that K had put on me and they were still fully dressed. It went through my mind more than once as to what they were up to, for I knew it was something.

About fifteen minutes later and T said OK, let's put these on you now. It was a bright blue pair of panties, they felt so soft, and they were not silk but satin. They belonged to K. T put them on and once again my cock was gently tucked away inside. We sat for a while drinking water and my cock was no longer as hard as it was. They began to talk of some of the things that they wanted to do, and I of some of the things that I wanted to do with them. It was open and plain talking, no inhibitions from any of us. I said that I would love them both to piss all over me at the same time. If K could bring herself round to doing it. She said that she wanted to try it.

Around 2.00pm we were still drinking and I was now wanting to piss quite badly as did T, K said lets try and wait a while as I want to pee but not that badly yet. Half an hour later T said that she could not hold on any longer, she began to leak a little in her panties and slacks. K said OK lets go, so we went straight to the bathroom.

I laid on the bathroom floor this time and both K and T stood over me with just their panties on, I put my hand up to K panties and pulled them down to her ankles and she stepped one foot out of them. I then put a hand onto T panties and took them down one handed, she stepped out of hers.

I looked up at two gleaming wet cunts just waiting to piss all over me. I started to play with both clits in view and T started to piss a little over my face, just a little here and there, very slowly and controlled. They both faced one another and got quite close positioning themselves near my head. Then I felt a gush and a very loud hissing noise, it was T she let it all go. Her lovely tasting piss was going everywhere. Then another lot, it was K she let go just a few seconds later. I was totally blinded and piss was going in my mouth so quickly I could hardly swallow, I had to put my head to one side to get some air.

K moved down to my cock and squatted over it, she was pissing all over my cock now and it felt really good. T bent her knees and got so close to my mouth, her piss tasted really nice and I started to lick her cunt whilst she was still pissing. I wanted to go so I got held of my cock and aimed it right into K's cunt. My piss splashed all over her pussy and back over me and on to the floor. T had finished and was sitting on my face, I was licking every last drop that I could find. When I finished with T I pulled K up to where T was and sat her on my face and begun to lick as much of her piss as I could find.

The floor and my back were soaking wet with pee, it was everywhere, it started to run under the bath, T put a towel there to stop it. I got up from the floor and T and K put some towels down to stop it running everywhere. We all got into the bath and turned the shower on.

We took it in turns to wash one another and play at the same time, my cock was being played with and sucked by both of them, and I had fingers up both their vaginas at one point. Nipples in my mouth, twisting and teasing them, just nibbling here and there. Did I feel horny or what, more to the point, was I enjoying myself, lol.

Out of the bath we stepped and into the bedroom, all stark naked and soaking wet. This is what I had been waiting for. I wanted sex with both T and K, but I had yet to have sex with T and I was looking forward to it greatly as she was so nice looking.

I sat them both near the edge of the bed with their legs up and wide open and began to lick their clits one at a time, moving from one to the other. Whilst licking T's soaking wet cunt I was playing with K's clit, then visa versa.

This was so good I almost cum my lot. I did manage to control myself and felt my cock getting a little softer afterwards. Then K grabbed me and pulled me onto the bed, she started to suck my cock and said, fuck me, fuck me now. I got on top of her and T put my cock inside K's wet cunt. I fucked her as hard as I could for a minute or so, then I fucked her slowly. Putting her legs up by her head I slid my cock in and out of her cunt very slowly, when it was out I was rubbing her clit with it, and then sliding it back into her vagina. She liked this as she was making quite a lot of groaning noise.

She pushed her legs down so they were flat on the bed and I felt her legs and body stiffen, I knew she was reaching an orgasm, so I fucked her as hard and as fast as I could and she came with such a loud groan and them the mmm, mmm, followed by aahhh. I was so determined not to come because I so much wanted to make love with T. I managed this quite easily, easier than I though it would be.

I rolled off of K and saw that T was laying there playing with herself. She was rubbing her clit with her fingers. Now I was in for a bit of a shock or surprise at this point.

I started to lick T's wet Minge when K sat up and went over to T and begun to lick and tease T's nipples with her tongue. Now that was sexy believe me, it really turned me on even more and T looked as though she was enjoying what we were both doing to her. I said to K let's swap places, so I got up and started to lick and tease T's tits and nipples and K was licking T's wet cunt and giving her clit a good seeing to with her tongue and fingers. K then said she is ready to be fucked. So I got up and K slid my stiff cock inside T's saturated vagina. She was quite tightish and it felt really good being inside her al last.

I tormented her by fucking her really slowly and then I pulled her legs up to her chest and looked at my cock sliding in and out of her. I pulled it out very slowly and placed my cock on her clit and just rubbed it gently, then slid my cock back inside her and fucked her harder and harder. I repeated this a number of times and it felt so nice. I was looking at her face all the time and could tell that she was enjoying being fucked. Her eyes were closed for most of the time, her lips were pouting and she was breathing quite heavily. Every now and again when I pulled my cock out and put it back in again she would groan quite loudly. Her hips were moving under me and I could feel her grabbing my cock with her muscles inside her vagina. This was fuckin ecstasy. I still did not want to come yet as I wanted to make it last as long as I could.

The groans got louder and louder, her body wriggled more and more with pleasure, her hips were moving under me and then she wrapped her legs around me and she just gave a very loud groan and pulled her hips and thighs right into me. She had orgasmed. She said that it was about the fifth time during our whole sex session. She then asked why I did not cum inside her. I just said that I wanted it to last for as long as I could. K wiped my wet cock on some tissue which then stuck all over. So she wiped it with the sheet.

I lie in between them both and put one arm under each of their necks. I must have drifted of to sleep as I awoke about an hour later with only T in the bed asleep. I just put my arm around her and cuddled up to her. I heard the shower so I knew that K was in the the bathroom. Ten minutes later there was coffee brought in by K and both T and I sat up and drank.

It was warm outside on the balcony so after T and I enjoyed a nice shower together we went outside and sat there naked in the sun. K had a pair of panties on and nothing else. I still felt horny at this point and started to get an erection again. T noticed this and said to K lets do something about that, we laughed loudly at the way she said it.

I sat in the chair and K was sitting next to me playing with my now stiff cock. She began to wank it gently and slowly, I just sat there enjoying it. T got up and came over and kneeled down between my legs and started to lick and suck my cock. I said lets get on the sun bed. I lay down with T in between my legs, she was sucking my cock and I put K with her knees astride my face. I was licking K's cunt and having my cock sucked by T. This felt so good, so good that I am unable to put it into words.

It did not take me that long to cum. I cum all into T's mouth and she swallowed all my cum, not a drop was wasted.

We opened a bottle of wine or two and sat for an hour so just enjoyed each others company. We did meantime put some clothes on, not many but some.

It was decided that as it was their last night we would go out for something to eat and a drink.

I went back to my apartment as they had to do some packing and clean up the bathroom.

This was an afternoon that I shall always remember quite frequently. I knew that I would be wanking myself at times just thinking about it.

