The Apprentice Pisser Episode 1 Pt 1

6th July 2010, 07:33 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

The story below is, obviously, fiction. In thinking of names for characters i've used some names that I've come across here, but that are also in common use. No character in the story is meant to represent anyone real, on this board or otherwise

Okay..love to have feedback on this. Be gentle with me, and if there's interest, I'll post the next segment tomorrow

The Apprentice Pisser Episode 1 Part 1

Viewers switching to the Fetish Channel at 9m last night would have heard the continuity announcer's unusual announcement..

"Welcome to the Fetish Channel's latest reality show..The Apprentice Pisser. I've no idea what a piss apprentice could be, but here to explain it all is Sophie".

The show started, with the camera tight on the upper half of an attractive woman in her early twenties. She had medium length blonde hair, a pleasant open face, and 36d breasts barely restrained by a tight fitting light blue t-shirt

"10 girls, one Ј75,000 prize. Welcome to our exciting new Fetish Channel twist on 'The Apprentice, the twist being that this show is for pee lovers and all the tasks involve piss. If the girls want to win that amazing prize, they'll have to be able to naughty pee, to hold it when needed, and to give and receive golden showers. We'll test distance peeing, and the volume they can hold. In fact we'll be testing their full range of pissing skills. I'd love to tell you more but to be honest all this talk about piss has made me a little desperate and think I'm really going to have to wet my knickers, so if you could all be very kind and please look away now"

The camera pulled slightly back, so we could see Sophie in her entirity. In a very measured way she slowly lifted her short powder blue skirt revealing a pair of cream coloured lacy panties

. A few seconds passed where nothing occured and then with a small sigh of pleasure/relief Sophie relaxed and let her hot golden piss pour into her panties

. Instantly they began to darken at the crotch, and as she continued to wee, the wet patch spread rapidly and soon pee began trickling out between her legs, and spattering to the ground, some of it trailing gracefully down her long bare legs on it's downward journey. More and more hot pee emerged, clearly Sophie was an expert at bladder control and was able to ensure a lovely full tank before releasing. Finally, after nearly a minute, the stream slowed to a trickle, and then finally subsided. The camera closed in tight on her saturated panties

. After a few seconds Sophie peeled the sodden underwear down her legs, letting her skirt fall back into position as she did so. Methodically she began to ring them out, releasing more rivulets of hot pee, smiling seductively while doing so.

As she finished, and put the knickers back on, she murmered 'mmm, lovely and damp', then once more let her skirt fall back into position. Finally she gazed into camera and pretended to look shocked, saying: "I can't believe none of you looked away..you are all so naughty!". With a wink and a smile she walked off camera and the opening credits rolled.

As the last notes of the theme tune 'Raindrops keep falling on my head' died away, a montage showing the candidates introducing themselves was played

"I'm here because I'm competitive at whatever I do, and because, well who wouldn't want Ј75,000. I've never tried piss play before but I'm open to new things, and you can bet I'll take what's thrown at me and I'll be the last girl standing". The voice belonged to Tori, who the caption informed us was 21. She was 5ft 4 with short brunette hair, curvy in all the right places, with large breasts and a beautifully upholstered behind.

The next caption indicated 'Angela: 22 years old and 5ft 8'. She had blonde hair, and small breasts and bottom; " I've always loved being the boss in bed, and my boyfriends often find themselves on the receiving end of a nice golden shower, so I think I'm the ideal candidate for this role. I am quite prepared to do whatever it takes to win so the other girls need to watch out"

"I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, and love to pee where I'm not supposed to. I'm hoping that experience, and the fact that I'm up for anything once, give me a good chance of winning the contest". This was Helen, 28, who was 5ft 5ins, with black hair, and of mediterranean origin, with olive skin. Her breasts were extremely large, and combined with her short height her proportions almost gave her the appearance of a male-designed video game character

Next was Tammi, at 18 the youngest contestant, who was 5ft 8ins with short mousy hair: "I'm a bit nervous about what we're going to be asked to do. I mean it's all about piss, which is very weird to me. But I'm sure all the girls are as nervous as I, so I'll see how it goes"

Erica was blonde, 25, and at 6ft exactly, she towered over some of the other contestants. Her best feature was her long slim legs that seemed to go on forever. "I'm approaching this like the real apprentice. I'm here to learn from the experts. I admire Sophie and Maggie enormously. I'm a quick learner, so I'm going to try and show them someone they can mould to be the 'apprentice pisser'

" Well, I guess my experience is wetting my knickers! I've always got a real naughty buzz from doing that and I'm sure most of these girls are just here for the money, so I'm hoping I can use my skill to win". So said Nicolette, who was 21, 5ft 7ins with long blonde hair. She was slim and trim from head to toe, with small breasts and backside

"I'm a bit of a sub, and I'm sure this will be my greatest strength here. I'm totally cool with the taste of piss, so I think i have a real chance to win". This was Michelle, who was of Brazilian origin. She had short Black Hair,and beautifully toned legs and was 26

"I don't like wetting per se, but I love holding. Sex with a full bladder, or even waiting to the very last minute to go to the loo. If any of these bitches tries to outhold me, they'll walk away a loser, my experience is going to count" This was 32 year old Kimberley, the eldest contestant. She was 5ft 9ins tall, with long brunette hair and a slim build

"I gather there's a mix of us. I know nothing about this whole pissing scene so who knows. I may hate it or I may take to it like a duck to watersports". This was Jaime. She had red hair, and was of medium build, and was 28 years old

"I'm not going to tell you anything that may give someone else an advantage. I hate losing and I'm not about to start now. I'll walk over, or should I say piss over, anyone who gets between me and the Ј75,000" The last contestant was Lucy, 26. She was another of the more curvy girls, stood 5ft 11 and had the largest chest of any of the contestants.

"Now you've met the contestants lets get on with the show"

Next Part: The First Challenge

***

Hope you enjoy

