Kerry and Renee

1st May 2014, 05:01 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Many of you are familiar with my friends reneezworld69 and Kerry1985. If you have been following Renee's thread Public Pissing Orgasm Part 2 - The Beach

Recently, you would know that Renee was out of town on an overnight trip, and Kerry was in the house alone, horny, and anxiously awaiting Renee's return. Kerry sent me this account of what happened when Renee returned, and gave me permission to post it. I hope that you enjoy it. Personally, as long as you are into women, I can't see how you could do anything but absolutely love this incredibly hot story.

###

Renee had only been gone for one night, but I missed her so much - desperately longing for her touch. And maybe I should have gone to work the day she was gone; it would have helped to take my mind off of her. But instead, I stayed home alone...my mind was idle...and I spent most of the time without wearing a shred of clothing. As I waited for her, my hands got tired and I gave the massaging jets in our hut tub a real work out - constantly fantasizing about what we would do when she returned home.

When the moment finally arrived, it was a cold and rainy evening. But it was about to get very hot, and very wet inside! I saw the headlights approaching as her car made its way down our long, secluded driveway and walked out onto the porch to greet her. I was completely nude, with a giant smile across my face. She barely had time to turn the car off before running up onto the porch and jumping into my arms.

As we passionately embraced and our lips locked, she ran her hands up and down my naked back as I started to immediately undress her.

"I really have to pee," Renee told me. I knew she would after that long drive through traffic, but I had a plan. "I'm sure you do, babe...and you will, but not yet."

As we walked in, she followed my lead directly to the area where I had yoga mats spread out on the living room floor. The rest of her clothing came off pretty quickly, as we continued to kiss. She started to reach her hand down to finger me, but I brushed her hand aside: "Not yet...I have another plan."

We sat down on the floor together, our legs wrapped up like a pretzel, and started to grind our pussies together - my wet flesh rubbing against hers. It was a bit awkward at first until we got into just the right position, with the perfect rhythm going between us. But tribbing always is awkward initially, which is one reason we rarely do it. But it was right for this occasion. Once we got going, it was GOOD. REAL good!!! We were pressed together so hard, grinding into each other. She had told me that due to her work schedule - a late night, followed by an early morning breakfast meeting - she hadn't been able to masturbate at all. I knew it wouldn't take her long, and I was right.

I could tell as she started to get close to climaxing, because the animal instincts took over: the intimacy between us had stopped, her eyes were closed, and she was focused on grinding into me as hard and as fast as she possibly could. I was on the edge of an orgasm too, but just couldn't get there after all the masturbation I'd done on my own the past couple of days.

She was rubbing hard...stopped breathing for just a second...and then she climaxed. And as she did, she released her bladder at the same time. And with us grinding against each other, it wasn't as controlled and orderly as it would normally be. She didn't spray off into the distance or into my mouth; it went everywhere. Her piss also wasn't diluted, because it was what had built up during her long drive in traffic. I felt her hot piss spraying against me with great force, up and onto my stomach, down against my clit and even into my pussy, and all over the floor - a yellow puddle expanding out underneath us, and eventually out beyond where even our arms could reach. My bladder was full too, and although I wasn't climaxing, I still couldn't hold it any longer. I wanted to. But the feeling of her hot fluids ejecting all over my nether regions was like opening the flood gates, and I totally lost control of my bladder.

As she finished her orgasm, she fell down on top of me - completely spent - but repositioning our bodies opened up our bladders some more. We just kept pissing, uncontrollably, all over each other and all over the floor until we were empty.

Whoa...that was hot. But we were only getting started. After we cleaned up that area a bit, and tossed the yoga mats out onto the porch for now, we drank some water to rehydrate, and then grabbed a quick bite to eat as the bathtub was filling up. It's one of those oversized Jacuzzi tubs, so plenty of room for both of us. We laid back in each other's arms, and split a bottle of ice cold, sweet white wine together. After having two full glasses of wine apiece, plus lots of water, our bladders had filled, we'd regained our energy, and we were ready for more.

We quickly set up our area in the living room again, and locked into a 69 position. Since she had climaxed earlier, but I had not, she wanted to start by focusing on me. So she was on the bottom, and I was on top. This time it didn't take long, since I was almost there earlier! She can always tell when I'm getting close. Not only is Renee incredibly talented at eating pussy, but she can also do a pretty damn good job of holding back her own orgasm so we could climax together. And we did.

With me riding on top, I first let out one spritz of pee - which Renee was ready for, and sucked right into her mouth. And that feeling of her sucking on me was what pushed me over the edge as my own orgasm surged through my body and I shot the piss out of my bladder. Renee swallowed what she could, but I had totally lost control and was pissing like a power sprayer. At the same time, Renee had reached her climax and was squirting her pee out with great force. Once I could regain my own composure after climaxing, I cupped my lips over hole and swallowed as much as I could - although I could see that a lot had sprayed not only underneath us, but well beyond the mats probably out 5 or 6 feet past us.

We kept going after that. After we both emptied the water bottles which we had handy right next to us, we rolled over so that I was on the bottom this time. I absolutely love grabbing her ass cheeks in my hands and looking up at her pussy as she presses herself down against me. I also enjoyed giving her puckered little back hole a few licks, which always makes her moan as it tickles. After that initial teasing, though, I had both hands and my mouth fully engaged in this. I had a finger from my left hand shoved into her ass...two fingers from my right hand fingering her pussy...while I ferociously licked her clit. And this time, when she climaxed I was more controlled and was able to swallow almost all of her hot, sweet nectar as it came out - clasping my mouth around her hole.

We were pretty well exhausted after that. Normally we could 69 for a very long time, achieving a good 3 or 4 orgasms apiece during the process, but the tribbing had really used up more energy than we remembered. And yet, we still wanted more. After drinking some more water, and opening another bottle of sweet wine, it was time to bust out the toys.

We started with the feeldoe - a strapless double dildo, with a penis on one end a bulb on the other that gets inserted into your pussy. She used it first on me. I very happily got into a doggy style position as she entered my pussy from behind. She started slowly until we got into a good rhythm and then she started to pound into me pretty hard. It was AHHHH-mazing!!! And right as I was starting to get pretty close, she slipped her thumb deep into my ass while her other hand grabbed onto my waist and pulled me against her. That pushed me over the edge, and as the orgasm surged through me I released my bladder against her. Next, it was my turn. I have to say, guys have it good...because I absolutely love entering her with that thing from behind in the doggy style position - just grabbing onto her hips and grinding into her. It's amazing.

After she climaxed, and pissed all over me and the floor, it was time to clean up. We've done a whole slew of upgrades to our house over the years, and one of the best was a giant spa shower in the master bathroom. We took a nice, long, sensual shower together. No more sex or anything, but it was really quite beautiful as we bathed each other, shampooed each other's hair, and soaped off each other's bodies.

