Post #25,000: Ruth's Surprises (f bed wetting, f/f watersports)

6th May 2013, 03:22 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Ruth's Surprises

Veronica's eyes popped open. The feeling of warm liquid had caused her to wake up immediately. At first she was worried that she was wetting herself, but after taking a few seconds to assess the situation she realized what was actually happening: her girlfriend, Ruth, whom she was currently snuggled up against, was wetting the bed.

A few months before Veronica would have never imagined sharing a bed with her roommate. The two had met back in September, right before the first day of school, as they were moving into their dorms. Veronica, a self described science geek, had grown up only about 10 minutes away from Central Arizona University. Unlike most of her friends, however, she chose to live on campus rather than commute. She just had to get away from all of the yelling, screaming, and insults that took place at her house.

One thing that Veronica prided herself in was that she did not look like a science geek. She was 5'8", had curly, jet black hair, large, firm breasts, and a slightly round, but still tight ass.

Ruth's personal life was much different. She was from out of town, coming to CAU from San Diego. She was also very close to her parents, who had made the trip with her to help her move in to the dorm.

Veronica vividly remembered the day, right before the school year began, when they moved into the dorm. She was struck immediately by how beautiful Ruth was: she stood 5'9" tall, with long, straight, light brown hair, firm, if not very large, breasts, and a very tight ass. She had a beautiful smile that lit up her face, and, fortunately, the very friendly girl was always smiling.

Veronica also noticed the way she and her parents interacted with her other. It was so friendly, so loving, much different than the relationship she had with her own parents. Veronica took an instant liking to the three of them, and was pleased when Ruth's parents invited both of them out to dinner after moving Ruth's things into the dorm.

It was when walking out to Ruth's parent's car that Veronica had her first reservations about her new roommate and her family. On the car, next to a bumper sticker of the Christian fish symbol, was a faded bumper sticker stating "Vote Yes on Prop 8." Veronica froze. She knew just what that bumper sticker referred to: California's Proposition 8 from the 2008 election, which changed the California Constitution to explicitly state that marriage could only be between a man a woman.

Veronica wondered just what she should do. She had known for quite some time that she was only physically attracted to girls. Now it appeared that she was going to have a roommate who was anti gay and lesbian. She wondered if she should ask to transfer dorms. She didn't want to room with someone who harbored such prejudice, and she was sure that Ruth and her parents would prefer that Ruth didn't have a lesbian roommate.

"Veronica, are you okay dear?" Ruth's mom, Maria, asked. "Aren't you coming?"

Veronica looked at Maria and her caring smile, and it made it hard for her to feel animosity towards the woman. "Uh, sure, I was just trying to think of a good place to eat. Do you like burgers? There's this awesome burger joint a few blocks away."

"Yeah, thanks sounds great," John, Ruth's father, replied. "I'm always on the lookout for a good burger."

They took the quick ride to the burger joint, and that is where the two girls bonded. While eating, talking, and getting to know each other, they discovered that had similar tastes in music, books, and movies, and that they had a similar sense of humor. Veronica was really enjoying this new found friend, and decided to stick out the year with her. Unfortunately, she assumed, that meant that she would have to keep herself in the closet around Ruth.

Life with Ruth, however, had generated a few surprises, ones that Veronica hadn't expected from this religious girl from a very conservative family. The first came a couple of weeks after school began. Veronica was laying awake in bed one night when she heard a hissing sound coming from Ruth's bed. As she tried to figure out what the sound could be, Veronica decided that only one thing made sense: Ruth must be pissing her bed. About 30 seconds or so later she saw her roommate begin to stir.

Veronica pretended to be asleep, keeping her eyelids barely open so that Ruth would not know that she was awake. Ruth, now fully aware of what she had done, looked over at her roommate. "Veronica," she whispered. No answer. Satisfied that Veronica was asleep, Ruth reached her hand into her panties and started to finger herself.

It took a minute or so for Veronica to figure out what was going on, but eventually the way Ruth was moving, and breathing, under the sheets gave it away. "Holy fuck, she's masturbating!" Veronica thought.

Veronica was shocked. She was still pretty sure that wetting the bed was an accident, as Ruth had definitely appeared to be asleep while she was pissing herself. But now, after waking up, here she was rolling around in her wet bed, fingering herself. As weird as that was for Veronica, she was surprised to discover that she was getting turned on by the thought of it.

It wasn't long before Veronica realized that Ruth was cumming, despite her attempts to be subtle and quiet about it. After a couple of minutes Ruth got up and looked at her bed. Through her squinted eyes Veronica looked and Ruth in her soaked panties and T-shirt, her pussy, ass, and tits visible through the wet cloth. Veronica thought that she looked hot, and really wanted her at that moment. It was a shame that Ruth was straight.

It took a minute or so, but Veronica eventually came to realize that Ruth was crying. She was shocked. Just a moment ago her friend and roommate was rolling around in her wet bed getting herself off, now she was quietly sobbing. Feeling bad for Ruth, Veronica decided that she wanted to comfort her.

Feigning like she was just waking up groggy, Veronica asked, "Hey Ruth, are you okay?"

Veronica realized that this was a mistake when she saw her friend's reaction. Ruth looked at her in horror, jumped back, and started crying harder. Veronica started to put the pieces together.

Wetting the bed was definitely an accident. When Ruth woke up, she apparently, for whatever reason, was turned on by this, and started masturbating. After she came off her post orgasmic bliss, reality must have set in, and she was probably embarrassed and afraid of getting caught. And now Veronica had caught her.

Veronica felt like an ass, wishing that she had just pretended that she was still asleep. Now that Ruth knew she was awake, however, she knew that she needed to comfort her friend.

"Ruth, seriously, are you okay? What's wrong."

Embarrassed, Ruth feebly replied back. "Look at me Ronnie, I'm soaked. I wet my bed." She started to sob again, afraid of what her friend would think of her.

"Hey, it's okay, anyone can have an occasional accident. It's no big deal," Veronica responded.

"Yeah, well I have them more than most. My doctor thinks I must have a small bladder, and I'm a heavy sleeper. I grew up never having friends stay the night, and never having a sleep over at anyone's house, afraid that I'd wet myself. I used to do it more, but I try not to drink much in the evenings, and that really helps. But tonight I had some spicy food, and had to drink a lot to cool off my mouth."

"Hey, it's alright," Veronica replied. "It's a medical thing, not something you can control or should feel embarrassed about. Do you have a spare set of sheets? Go shower and I'll switch your sheets for you."

"Really? You wouldn't mind switching the sheets I just peed in? Ronnie, I can't ask you to that!" said a shocked Ruth.

"It's okay. Just go and clean yourself up. I'll take care of this." Veronica was actually surprised herself that she was so willing to change the wet bed, but, for some reason, she just wasn't as grossed out as she expected to be. And she was really turned on by the sight of Ruth's wet, panty covered ass as she watched her walk toward the bathroom. She sighed, again wishing that her roommate was into girls.

Returning to the task at hand, Veronica stripped the bed, and discovered that Ruth had been prepared for such accidents, as there was a mattress cover below the mattress pad.

Over the next six weeks Ruth, now more relaxed and less worried about embarrassing herself, had ended up having bed wetting accidents an average of once a week. Veronica had waken up during a few of these, and had quietly observed Ruth masturbating in her bed. Veronica became more and more turned on by the idea of doing this herself, but two things stopped her: unlike Ruth, she didn't have a mattress pad, and she didn't want to let her roommate know that she secretly watching her. When she did have an accident

Ruth would now wait until morning to change her sheets, a task that Veronica usually helped her with.

Veronica had received another surprise from Ruth just last evening. Ruth had become all excited that a friend of hers from San Diego, Jamie, was coming to visit. Veronica had learned that Ruth knew Jamie from school and church, and expected her to be just like Ruth: very conservative and very religious.

Veronica was shocked when she met Jaime. It wasn't the short, spiky blonde hair, nor the fact that she was such tomboy, but the way she that looked, acted, and carried herself that made Veronica come to her surprising conclusion: Jamie was a lesbian.

Veronica immediately decided not to tell Ruth. She, herself, had hidden her sexually from Ruth, and had asked all of her lesbian friends to do the same. While many of them had been pissed and initially refused, Veronica's pleading had eventually convinced them to comply. As her friends had helped Veronica keep her own secret, she was determined to keep Jamie's.

That was until a conversation that she had with Jaime. While Ruth was at class, Veronica and the blonde started talking. "Do you have somewhere to stay while you're in town this weekend? We can throw some sheets on the couch if you want."

"Nah," Jamie replied, "your couch is a too hard. I'll see if Ruth minds me sleeping next to her on the bed. It might be a little tight, but it's better than the couch."

Veronica continued the conversation, but in the back of her mind she was worried. There was nothing wrong with the couch, Jamie just seemed to want to share a bed with their friend. Veronica was worried about what might happen if Jamie made a move on Ruth. She decided to tell her friend about Jaime when she got the chance.

Veronica got that chance that evening. They were out to dinner when Jamie excused herself to go to the restroom. As soon as she was gone Veronica leaned over to Ruth. Speaking softly, she said "Ruth, I've got to tell you something. I think that Jaime might be a lesbian."

Ruth giggled. "Yeah? Well no more so than those dykes you hang out with."

Veronica was stunned. "How did you ..."

"Oh come on!" Ruth interrupted, still giggling. "You're not the only lesbian in the world with gaydar!"

Ruth sat with her mouth agape. "You're ... you're ..."

"A lesbian? Yes, Ronnie, just like you."

"So why haven't you ever said anything!" Veronica asked.

"Well, because you were trying to hide it," Ruth replied.

"Yeah, but that's because I saw your parents' Prop 8 sticker, and thought that you guys hated gays and lesbians," Veronica responded.

"Oh, I thought it might be because of my folks, but I wasn't completely sure, so I kept quiet. Oh, and they don't really hate anyone."

"Holy shit, I still don't believe it. And your folks, do they know?" Veronica asked.

"Oh hell no!" Ruth exclaimed. "It's not like my parents would ever disown me or anything, you've seen how they love me to death. But I'm sure they would do everything they could to 'help' or 'cure' me."

Veronica laughed and rolled her eyes at that comment. She then told Ruth why she had been so concerned. "Jamie told me earlier that she was going to share your bed with you rather than crash on the couch. I was so worried that she might try something. Little did I know that it would be appreciated and reciprocated."

Ruth's eyes grew wide with terror. "Oh my god, Ronnie, what if I have an accident!"

"Come on, Ruth, surely you've slept together before."

"Well, we've had sex, but only during the day, at one of our houses, when we were alone. But I told you that I had never spent the night anywhere, or had anyone over, because of my problem."

It was then that they saw Jamie returning from the bathroom, and turned the conversation to other things. After dinner, Ruth spoke to Veronica, "Hey, Ronnie, we're going to catch up on old times together for a while, we'll meet you back at the dorm."

"Sure, see you guys later," Veronica replied.

It was a couple of hours later when Ruth returned to the dorm, alone and crying. "Hey girl, what's the matter," Veronica asked, "and where's Jaime?"

"I asked her to sleep on the couch, saying that I felt uncomfortable sharing a bed with you in the room," she said between sobs. "She accused me of not wanting to sleep with her because I had romantic feelings for you!"

"Well why didn't you tell her that you didn't have feelings for me?" Veronica asked.

"Because I didn't want to lie," replied Ruth.

Veronica stood there, stunned. She loved Ruth as a friend, and, when she thought her unobtainable, had lusted after her. Now, realizing that her friend was a lesbian, and had feelings for her, the pieces came together. She wanted Ruth, as her lover, her companion. She had never felt this strongly about a girl before.

Veronica gently held Ruth's face in her hands, reached over, and gave her a long, sensuous kiss. Ruth reached her arms around her friend, now lover, and held her tight as that as they kissed.

That had been just a few hours ago. They had made love, and it had been sweet, and sexy, and passionate, and the best night of each girl's life. Afterwards, they had fallen asleep, Ruth tightly holding on to her lover. Now Veronica was wide awake, feeling Ruth's piss as it soaked the sheets and wet her skin. She thought of the times that Ruth had woke up, realized what she done, and started to masturbate. Veronica found her lover's piss to be warm, and wet, and sexy.

The sensation of the wet sheets caused Ruth to wake, and to cut off her flow. "Oh my god Ronnie," she said in horror, "I'm so sorry!"

Veronica responded by turning around and kissing her. At the same time she reached down to Ruth's wet pussy and started to massage her clit. Ruth broke off her kiss. "Are you sure your okay with this Ronnie?"

"Do you have anything left in your bladder?" Veronica responded, still fingering her friend's pussy.

"Yes, why?" asked Ruth.

"Let it go."

Ruth was surprised by Veronica's reaction, but did as she was told, pissing while Veronica's fingers worked their magic on her pussy.

Veronica, already turned on by being in a bed wet with Ruth's piss, was even more so when her girlfriend released her bladder. The feeling of Ruth's hot piss flowing over her hands and fingers before soaking the sheets was even more fantastic, and she increased the pace of her fingers on Ruth's pussy.

Ruth had masturbated while pissing countless times, it was a way of turning her problem into something sexy and fun. It had never felt as good as this before. She loved sharing this with Veronica, making love with her in the bed she just wet. It wasn't long until she started to orgasm.

Veronica could feel her lover's body start to tense, and then shudder as she entered her orgasm. She continued to finger Ruth's pussy, enjoying the sounds of Ruth's squeals and whimpers as she came. As soon as Ruth came off of her orgasm, the pair again began to kiss.

"Hey, you bad girl, you got me all wet!" Veronica teased her lover.

"So what are you going to do about it?" Ruth asked back, smiling.

"Well, maybe I'll just return the favor," Veronica replied. With that, she laid on top Ruth, kissed her again, and began to piss.

Ruth had not expected this. She had never received a golden shower before, and was loving the sensation. The feeling of Veronica's hot piss hitting her skin, running down her sides, and pooling on the bed beneath her was the sexiest thing she had ever experienced. Deciding to return a favor, she reached her hand up and started to finger Veronica's pussy. This caused the piss to spray everywhere, which Ruth found to be even sexier.

Veronica loved the fact that her piss was now spraying everywhere, soaking the two of them. She also loved Ruth's talented fingers, and the magic they were performing on her pussy. This was easily the most erotic experience of her life. As she finished her piss, she held Ruth tight while still laying on top of her, the bodies wet with their combined piss, Ruth's finger still inside her. Veronica had never been so turned on, and soon she was cumming herself.

After coming off of her orgasm, Veronica kissed Ruth yet again, and then decided to do something even more naughty. She started to move down her body, kissing and licking as she went, tasting more and more of their piss as she did so. Finally Veronica's face was down at Ruth's pussy, and she started to lick all around it. She licked the outside of her pussy lips, her neatly trimmed strip of hair, and the tops of her thighs, before diving in and eating her pussy.

Ruth was in heaven, and really didn't want to speak, but she also wanted to give her lover as much pleasure as she was receiving. "Ronnie," she said, "turn yourself around. I want to taste your pussy too."

Veronica understood what Ruth was asking for, and rotated her body around so that they were in a 69 position. She dove back in and started to eat Ruth's pussy again, while Ruth started to lick around Veronica's pussy. In all of the times that she had wet the bed and masturbated, Ruth had never once even thought of tasting piss. She was now tasting both her's and Veronica's pee, and found that she didn't mind the slightly salty taste, and loved how sexy this act felt. She then spread Veronica's pussy lips wide, and started to tongue her clit. Soon she had her hands on Veronica's ass, pull her down towards her, licking her pussy with a frenzy.

Both girls could feel the other's body tense up, and, almost simultaneously, they each entered an explosive orgasm.

After they finished cumming they laid down beside each other on the bed, snuggling and kissing. Finally Veronica spoke. "Hey Ruth, honey."

"Yeah Ronnie?"

"You know that little problem of yours?"

"Yeah."

"Well I've decided that it's not a problem at all. In fact, I'd call it more of a blessing."

Ruth giggled, and kissed her lover. They then drifted off to a deep sleep, comfortable in each other's arms, and Ruth's wet bed.

