Commuting Back And Forth To Work

2nd June 2010, 01:29 PM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

I still have my apartment in the city but now I live about halfway between the city and Albany the state capital. My work that I do involes me being in Albany more then the city now. So I commute between both. I drive to Albany while if I go to New York City I drive about 25 miles and then take the metro into the city.

Many times over the years taking the metro home late at night or to the city late at night I've been lucky enough to see some late night peeing! For late night the litle stations are closed up so there is no availible bathrooms to use. So the ends of the platforms or parking lots would get used. Not only woud the guys do this but women would do the same thing too! Especially if the need to go was desperate!

One night comming home from the city I got out at the station. The platform was empty and I started walking into the parkinglot over to where my car was parked. There were still a good number of cars in the lot. I had parked way in the back of the lot so I had a walk to get to my car. I kind of criss crossed through the lot as I headed for my car.

I had just walked between a couple of parked cars and two rows up ahead of me was a girl squated down between two cars with her skirt raised up in the back and her panties down at her knees! She was ever so pissing hard! Her stream in the light from the lights in the parkinglot was spraying hard which she had a big wet spot all around her highheels, out in frnt of her, and with piss trails going every which way on the pavemnet!

So I had stopped and stood very still and quietly watched this girl piss! I would guess that she was in her mid to late twenties as far as her age. She was a brunette which her hair was done up in a bun. Since I was behind her I could see her bare very well curved full asscheeks. I also could see that she had lrage lips which I could see the bottoms of them sticking down which her piss had soaked them for piss was running of from them too.

This girl must have just started only a few to several seconds before I came upon her for she took a very long piss as I watched her go. Then when she did stop as she dripped she did take a tissue out of her poketbook and gave herself a good wipe or two with the tussue. Then as she stood up she pulled her panties up under her dress. She then smoothed her dress out and walked away. She never took a look around so she never saw me.

I watched her walk away which she did walk ahead a few more rows of cars and then made a right turn and walked down the lot heading for her car. It was only then that I resumed walking towards my car. As I had reached my car I heard a car start up, saw the ehadlights turned on, and way down to the right I saw a car pull out and head for the exit of the lot. I got in my car started it up and with a smile turned on my lights and I pulled out and headed to the same exit and headed home. The End

