The Student part 3

29th March 2013, 09:21 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Another chapter to the story

Part 1: $/community/...ead.php?t=54703

Part 2: $/community/...ead.php?t=54706

When she was with her back against my front I reached around and started to massage her, breasts, the inside of her legs, neck and on top of her head. I reached out of the tub and picked up some fruits. The fruits were cut and skinned and very juicy.

We sat one level higher and I used the fruit to massage her skin. Also I had taken some ice cubes from the fridge and used those to circle her nipples. She slid away in some kind of trance and let it all happen. Of course I ate the fruits after using them for about 5 minutes of massage. The next idea came to mind, I sat down on the bottom again and had her sit up on the higher level facing me and slowly opening her legs. She still was drinking her glasses of water and juice every 40 minutes as I suggested.

I started to massage her very wet beautiful pussy, with the fruits at first and then I took an ice cube in my mouth and started to massage her lovely place it with my tongue and the ice cube. I pushed the cube inside with my tongue and sucked it out again several times.

Suddenly I was struck in the nose with a powerful jet of Goldwater. Great I almost came myself, I could barely control myself. She started to apologize but I convinced her that this was my reward and just» let it go»,» don't even try to hold back! «

I kept on going and slipped a finger in trying to locate her G-spot. I do not know much about G-spots but it was good to try anyway. I must have found something because she started breathing heavily, moving and spasms. And she came as I have never seen before and at the same time she let go, I mean she let it all go, it just did not end! I struck Gold! I caught as much as I could with my mouth and swallowed lots! After she finished she started to pass out lightly, she slipped down and I had to hold her from slipping off the level and under water.

We took our time getting to our senses again and she couldn't speak for a while. We sat in the tub for another 10 minutes or so and then I had to help her getting out of the tub. I carried her out and sat her on a stool and I started to dry her off.

After which she started to dry me off and started to massage my cock. She wasn't very good at it, no experience yet, so I asked her to stop and that I would teach her later how to do that.

We laid down on the bed and I gave her the lingerie that I bought for her. I also put mine on.

I asked her what she thought about what we did and if she had ever experienced this and she answered that this was all new to her and she even barely masturbated before because she was ashamed about it. «Well then it is time you started to learn how to pleasure yourself», « you need to know how to pleasure yourself before you can learn how to pleasure others». I turned on the TV and set it to one of the 3 porn channels. 

Surprise, surprise, believe it or not but when zapping through I found a channel where a girl in her panties lying on the bed pleasuring herself and on each side of the bed were other girls watching. The girl masturbating just started peeing in her panties just as I came to that channel. Wow, what a coincidence. The porn movies there are somewhat censored, no pubic hair allowed so what they do often is shaved pussies and only the part between the legs are a bit hazy but you can still see it(with some imagination). So they find other ways of making the movie still exiting.

To be continued...

