On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Pt 2)

16th April 2011, 01:16 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Pt 2)

Besides getting over drinking too much wine the night before we spent much of Thursday catching up with some much needed sleep and T was feeling a lot better by the end of the day. We spent the evening in the apartment with a pizza and catching up with some work that T had to finish.

Friday:

Yesterday afternoon I said to T that I am not going to have another piss until we go out tonight, she said that she would do the same if she could hold on that long. I asked T if she still wanted to go ahead with being seen with her panties down having a pee, she replied yes, it exited her thinking of it.

So I had a little plan. Somewhere I know that is ideal for this as I have seen other women and men in a place that I know in the Marina area. I have done it myself there a few times whilst others are there doing the same, mainly English people who have had a few drinks during the evening and need to relieve themselves. Some of us have no shame, lol.

So last night we got ourselves ready and were out by 8.30pm. We had a light meal on the way to the Marina and a drink or two. By 10.30pm we were in a bar at the Marina, it was very crowded as usual. Both T and I now needed a pee, T wanted to go quite badly but was determined to hold on for as long as she possibly could.

We stayed at the bar until just after 11.15pm and T was feeling more than a little uncomfortable with holding it in for so long, it was the first time that she had ever gone this long. She whispered to me that her panties were a little damp where she had leaked during the last half an hour and that she could not hold on much longer.

I took her to the place where a lot of people go and pee. It is a five minute walk away and I knew by now that others would have used this place during the evening and with a bit of luck there would be others in and out of that area at this time of night.

We arrived and went down the little alleyway and up to the end where it opens out. It is quite well lit and you can see clearly what is going on. When we arrived there was one other guy there having a piss and he just carried on peeing up against the wall.

T stood in the middle of the area where it is nearly the brightest place. She had just pulled her skirt right up over her waist and her panties were down to her ankles and I could very clearly see her butt and her soft Minge when some young Englishmen came down the alleyway.

There were three of them and one girl. The girl went over to the wall where it is a little darker, but still visible and the men stood in the middle near where T and I had just begun to pee.

Two of them stood in front of T about ten yards away and got their cocks out and started to piss. They also had a really good view of all that T had on show and they were watching her piss. She was facing two of them and looking at what they were doing and they started to laugh as T was pissing so loud. One of them said to her you are getting your knickers wet lady then laughed. One of the others facing her said nice one love.

T just could not stop. The girl had finished and she said something to the guys that she would see them in the bar. Two of the guys were finished and were waiting for the other one who was still peeing.

I had just finished and T asked me to hold on to her arm as she was leaning back a little trying not to get her panties too wet. I held one arm and she leaned back a little more, she then kind of twisted on one foot and almost fell backwards. All of us could now see even more of T from the waist down, we were all looking at her butt and cunt.

She had a big smile on her face and stood bolt upright pulling her panties up slowly, she pulled them over her butt and her skirt down and said, I thought I was never going to stop. I said I guess you needed that.

We started to walk out of the area and she said I can't wear these they are a little wet, so she slipped out of her panties and put them in my jacket pocket. The guys came past us and went into a bar opposite.

We started to walk and was about 100 yards from the alleyway when she suddenly stopped and stood right in front of me and said, I really enjoyed that, it was exciting to be seen. I commented, and heard, we just both burst out laughing. She pulled my neck toward her and gave me a kiss on the lips saying, mmmm.

On the way back to the apartment she talked of seeing the other men pee and she enjoyed watching and being watched. I had my hand up her skirt feeling her butt for some of the way home and she had her hand in my back pocket clenching my ass once every while. We both felt horny and wanted to have sex on the way home, but there were still too many people around, so we carried on walking and waited, this made us want one another even more.

During the evening we had not had that much to drink so we decided upon reaching the apartment that we would have a glass of wine. So we sat on the sofa, T wearing a clean pair of black panties and I was in a red pair of French knickers. We drank our wine and went into the shower where we played and teased one another for a while.

We dried off and T put her hand round my cock and led me into the bedroom. She laid me on the bed and went back out. She came back with two towels and a small bottle of cold sparkling wine, which I stupidly thought we were going to drink.

She placed the bottle on the cabinet next to the bed and spread the towels on the bed, one on top of the other. T then got herself on top of the towels and picked up the bottle of sparkling wine. She asked me to go to the side of the bed. I kneeled down as asked and she placed her open legs one on each shoulder.

She then began to gently pour little drops of the bottle over her clitoris and it ran all down between her legs. I did not need a second invitation. I placed my tongue onto her wet Minge and began to lick, the more I licked the faster she poured. It tasted oh so good, the mixture of the sparkling wine and her juices were heavenly. The contents of the bottle were gone and I had drunk most of it.

T put the towels on the floor and I got back on the bed and lay next to her. I started to lick her breasts and tease her nipples, rolling them gently between my teeth. T likes this; she says that it makes her tingle all over her body. After a few minutes she got up from the bed and took the towels with her. She returned with a dry towel and a can of squirty cream.

She took the lid off and gave it a good shake; she then started to squirt cream all over my nipples. It felt cold but arousing at the same time. T began to lick my nipples and lick the cream off, when it had gone she squirted some over my tummy and licked it of very slowly. Then she squirted a lot over my stiff cock and all over my balls.

She moved her tongue from my tummy to my cock and licked and sucked all the cream from it, she then squirted some more over my balls and started to lick gently. Making an mmmm noise as she did so. She lifted her legs in the air and opened them; she then squirted some over her lovely wet cunt. I licked and sucked it and she put more on, it went all over my face when she did this and I looked up and we both had a little giggle.

When the can had gone, I asked, where's the fruit? As I knew we had some strawberries in the fridge. I went and got some and we fed one another about half a dozen. The last one I gave to T and she passed it from her mouth into mine. So I ate it and got a gentle slap, lol.

T turned over onto her side and put her butt right up tight into my hard cock. She opened her legs and guided my shaft right into her vagina. I leaned back and began to move my hips slowly back and forth. She was beginning to groan and I knew that she was about to have an orgasm.

Her whole body stiffened beside me and she groaned very loudly when she had an orgasm. She did not move for a while, she said that she liked to feel me inside her.

She eventually rolled over and put her arm around me and pulled me on top of her. She slid her legs open and I started to rub my cock gently up and down her clitoris, teasing her number of times before I entered her.

Within minutes her legs and body went rigid once more. She was saying, fuck me, fuck me. When she had her orgasm I rolled off and licked and sucked as much as I could from her wet cunt. It tasted oh so good.

I got up from the bed, rolled her over onto her knees and put her right near the edge. I then entered her from behind whilst standing. She kept thrusting her butt as far back into me as she could and was grabbing my cock with her muscles inside, now I was about to reach a climax. I fucked her as hard and as fast as I could and she began to yell, yes, yes, yes, give it all to me, give me your cum. T's body went really rigid again and I was about to cum. We both did at the same time, but boy did she make a noise, lol.

I just stood there very slowly moving in and out of her for a minute or so after. I recall the feeling of complete and utter satisfaction at that moment. T turned around and pulled me forward and held my cock, then placed it in her mouth; she sucked and licked it until it was dry. I then flopped on the bed next to her and gave her a long lingering kiss on her juicy lips.

During our sex session last night and all the noise we made, we had thought of our neighbours, but I said that they were going home this morning so what does it matter we shall not see them again.

I arose at around 10.00am this morning and sat drinking coffee; T was fast asleep lying on top of the bed naked. I heard her go to the bathroom, so I went in and we had a nice hot shower together.

Our neighbours have now gone and we are out on the balcony. T is wearing a nice pair of pink panties and I have a pair of her black ones on, she put them on me about an hour ago. She says that I look sexy in them, lol.

We have no plans for today, but I shall keep you informed of our adventures.

