Kim's Watersports Adventures Part 3

21st May 2010, 09:54 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

This is the third and final chapter in my «Kim's Watersports Adventures» series. For an introduction to Kimberly Canaan and Julie Nguyen, please read Part 1

###

«It started for me during a hazing ritual for a sorority I wanted to join,» Julie Nguyen began. Julie had just finished listening to Kim Canaan's tale of how she became interested in water sports. The tale had shocked Julie. Julie, the beautiful Vietnamese-America scientist, had taken the virginity of the equally beautiful mathematics professor Kim the night before. Julie had been able to tell that Kim was inexperienced at being w/ a woman as they had made love the night before, but had no idea that Kim had never been with anyone. It really didn't matter, however. What Kim lacked in experience she more than made up for in enthusiasm. After listening to Kim's story of how she had discovered her fetish, it was now Julie's turn.

«All of us pledges had believed the hazing to be complete, and that we were attending a party to celebrate our initiation into the Sigma Pi sorority,» Julie continued. «At the party they kept having us participate in contests that all involved consuming liquids - who could chug the most bottles of water, who could drink a 12 oz can of Coke the fastest, stuff like that.»

«I'm surprised no alcohol was involved» interrupted Kim.

«There had been a death by alcohol poisoning in a hazing ritual the year before,» Kim explained. «All of the Greek societies on campus were strictly enforcing a no-alcohol policy for freshmen pledges. Anyway, during the party several of us tried to go to the bathroom, but the door was locked. The sisters in the sorority told us that someone had accidentally locked the door, and no one could find a key. They assured us that they had called a locksmith, and that they would be there shortly. In the meantime they continued to have us participate in all the games and contests.

«Eventually the sorority sisters gathered us in a circle in the middle of the room and told us to close our eyes, that they had a surprise for us. As we gathered and closed our eyes, we heard some giggling, and then the slamming of the door. We open our eyes and turned around, and they were all gone. The only door to the room was closed, and, we discovered, locked. It required a key to lock and unlock it from both the inside and outside, and, of course, none of us had that key. We were trapped, and, due to all of the liquids we had been forced to drink, increasingly desperate.

«One of the girls shrieked 'Hey, when are they going to open this fucking door!? I've got to piss!' I looked up and noticed several cameras mounted on the walls around the room. 'They're not going to open the door. Check out the cameras. They want to see us piss ourselves. Humiliating us must be the final act in their hazing.'

«The posture and attitude immediately changed w/ a number of the girls. Before, when they thought the bathroom was going to be open soon, they had managed to keep some composure, despite their obviously full bladders. Now that they knew no relief was in sight, it became overtly obvious how badly we needed to pee. A couple of the girls started crying. Some were doing a pee dance. Several had crossed their legs. There were even a few jamming their hands in their crotch trying to keep from pissing.

«I was desperate too, and I was pissed at the trick they were playing on us. I did notice another emotion too, however. I was getting turned on by being so desperate, and by watching the other pledges struggle w/ their bursting bladders. I didn't understand why I was getting so horny, but my panties were starting to get wet, and I definitely hadn't pissed them yet.

«I kept glancing from girl to girl, watching them intently, waiting to see who would be the first to burst. The first to go was a raven haired beauty whose family was from India. Tears started to form in her eyes, I heard he whisper 'Oh fuck!', and then her piss came pouring out. She was wearing a light blue mini-skirt, which was being pressed up against her pussy as she was trying to hold back her pee. Bad move. When the floodgates opened the piss soaked the front of her skirt, ran over her hand, and started splashing onto the tile floor. It was the horniest fucking thing I had ever seen.

«The sound of her piss splashing against the floor caused a couple of the other girls to lose it immediately. I heard someone right behind say 'Shit!', turned around, and saw this beautiful, big titted brunette pissing her white pants. This chick, whom I later found out was a big slut, wasn't wearing any panties. Her piss turned the front of her pants clear, revealing her shaved pussy. I watched in awe as the piss ran down her pants legs and started to puddle on the floor.

«Looking around, I saw another girl, this one a cute blonde, holding her skirt up. The skirt had gotten a little wet, but she had pulled it up before the piss could do too much damage. Her white lace panties, however, were taking a soaking. Piss was both pouring straight down from her panties and running down her legs. She had a look a sheer terror in her eyes as to what was happening to her. I found it beautiful and hot as hell.

«There were a couple of others girls that pissed right away, but, with my attention focused on the other three, I hadn't seen them piss. I did see the aftermath, however. One girl was wearing a dark pair of pants. Her pants glistened, and she had a puddle of piss at her feet, but otherwise it was difficult to see that she had pissed herself. The other one had been wearing a lighter pair of pants, and you could see the tell tale wet spots in her crotch and down her legs.

«By now I was extremely horny. Noticing that a few of the remaining girls were sticking their hands in their crotch to try to stop from pissing, I decided to mimic their actions by sticking my hand down inside my skirt. Only I wasn't trying to stop from pissing, I was rubbing my pussy. I figured that nobody, not even the bitches on the other side of those cameras, could tell the difference.

«Soon after I did this, I heard a girl exclaim behind me 'Fuck this, I'm not pissing myself!' I turned around and saw that she had pulled up her skirt, pulled off her panties, and was squatting and pissing on the floor. I loved the sight of the piss streaming out of her pussy, splashing on the floor, and making a huge puddle. I bit my lip to keep silent as I started to cum right there. Right after I started to cum, I started to piss. With my hand still on my panties, I felt my hot piss soak my panties, flow over my hand, and then down my legs. Even though I was still pissed off at the bitches that did this to us, I was in heaven as I felt the piss continue to run over my hand and down my legs.

«Eventually the remaining girls lost it, some pissing themselves, others pulling down their pants or pulling up their skirts and doing a naked piss so as not to get wet. I was mesmerized by the whole thing. After the last of the girls pissed themselves, the door opened, and the sisters came back in with buckets and mops. They congratulated us for all making the final cut - we were now Sigma Pi sisters. The last of our humiliation was to mop up the room, and then to walk back to our dorms/apartments, many of us in our wet clothes. Fortunately my skirt wasn't that wet - as I told you, some of the girls weren't near as lucky.

«As I finished up mopping my mess and was walking back to my dorm, I was contemplating the idea of quitting the sorority. Even though I had thoroughly enjoyed pissing myself and watching the others girls piss themselves, I was still upset that we all had to endure that BS. I was lost in my thought when I heard a voice behind me shout 'Hey! Wait up!'

«The voice belonged to a beautiful Sigma Pi girl. She had ebony skin, these beautiful, big eyes, long, straight hair, a gorgeous face, and a nice, firm set of tits. Her name was Kassandra, but everyone called her Kassy, and she was a junior. The next thing she said really took me by surprise: 'You really liked that back there, didn't you?'

«I was shocked. There was no way I was going to admit that I had enjoyed the experience, but I know my body language gave me away. I turned beet red, and stammered a little, before I finally said 'No fucking way! You're crazy!'

«She replied 'Look, you don't have to hide it from me. I'm just like you. When this happened to me two years ago I was super turned on by it. When I helped the sisters do it to last year's class I scanned the monitors looking for someone who seemed to enjoy it like I had, but there wasn't anybody. This year I noticed the way you looked at the other girls. I noticed the expression on your face when you put your hand down your skirt. You weren't trying to hold back your piss. And I noticed how you looked when you pissed yourself. You were getting off!'

«I didn't know how to respond. She had seen everything. One though did enter my head, however. 'So now all of the girls in Sigma Pi know I liked pissing myself today? Fuck!'

«Fortunately Kassy calmed me down. 'No, nobody but me. The rest of them don't expect anyone to enjoy it, so they don't know what to look for. I'm hoping to find someone who does, which is why I was able to notice you. Trust me, I didn't tell any of them, and I'm not going to. You're secret is safe w/ me.'

«By this time we had reached my dorm room. I thanked her for her discretion, but told her that I was thinking of quitting, that while I had enjoyed the experience, I hated that we were all put through that. 'Do you mind if I come up to your room and discuss this further?' she asked. 'I really think that I can change your mind. I'd like to try.'

«I invited her up. I went to the kitchenette and offered her a drink. I personally didn't want anything, as I had consumed enough liquids that day. When I turned around she was right behind me. She grabbed my free hand and quickly placed in under her skirt, right on top of her panties. She then began to piss.

«I was shocked! I dropped her drink, good thing it was in a plastic bottle. I just stood there for a second, feeling her hot piss washing over my hand. Then instinct took over. I started to rub her pussy through her now wet panties, as her pee continued to soak her panties and my hand. She then reached under my skirt and started to rub my pussy through my still-wet panties. I came almost right away! She kept rubbing, and, my bladder having filled up again, I started to piss. Rubbing her pussy while she pissed, and having mine rubbed while I pissed, was definitely the hottest thing I had ever done up to that time. Soon she started to cum, and I came again. Afterward she reached her arms around me, pulled me tight, and kissed me. We ended up making each other cum several more times that night.

«I stayed with the sorority to stay close to her. We were lovers for her last two years of school, exploring our common fetish together. To stay close to her I stayed in Sigma Pi. We did have an open relationship, and I was able to find a couple of guy partners and one other woman that I enjoyed wet sex with, but most of my fun and exploration happened with Kassy. Oh, and I never found another pledge who reacted the way I did to the pissing initiation.

«After Kassy graduated, we never got together again, though we have friended each other on Facebook. She still looks fantastic. Who knows, maybe we'll run into each other again someday.»

As Julie finished her story, she noticed that Kim had begun to masturbate herself. «Here, let me help you with that,» Julie said.

Julie moved down the length of Kim's bed and replaced Kim's fingers with her tongue. She started to lick the beautiful pussy in front of her, slowly at first, but with gradually increasing speed. Kim, in ecstasy, arched her back and pinched her nipples, enraptured by the feeling of Julie's tongue on her pussy. As Julie continued to lick, Kim started to come. While in the throes of her orgasm, Kim released control of her bladder.

The pee that had built up all night came gushing out, soaking Julie's face. She backed away a few inches and opened her mouth, taking in the strong stream off piss. She was able to swallow some of it, the rest poured out the sides of her mouth onto Kim's sheets. Eventually the stream started to slow. When it had slowed to a trickle, Julie held some in her mouth. She moved back up the bed and started to kiss Kim, sharing the beautiful blonde's piss with her.

Kim kissed Julie passionately, enjoying the taste of her piss, the feeling of Julie's tongue, and the softness of the beautiful Asian's body against hers. Eventually they broke their embrace, and Julie got up on her knees and knelt over her new lover. She then began to release her own full bladder. The piss erupted from Julie and onto Kim's tits. The blonde rubbed the hot pee all over her tits and body, enjoying the feeling as it poured all over her. She then placed her hand on Julie's ass, gently pulling her forward, so that the Asian's pussy was right over her face. She eagerly drank the golden nectar pouring out of Julie's pussy, trying not to spill a drop, even though that was impossible. The piss that she couldn't drink pooled on the sheets beneath her.

After Julie finished pissing Kim eagerly attacked her pussy, licking her lover with abandon. Julie, already turned on by her memories and the by passion of her new lover, came almost immediately. After her orgasm subsided, Julie collapsed next to Kim, the pair kissing, snuggling, and rubbing each other's bodies.

Julie was the first to speak. «I'd love to stay right here all day, but we have a conference to attend. We'd better get ready.»

«Shit, you're right,» Kim replied. «What are you doing after the conference tonight?»

«I was think of some hot, wet sex with this horny mathematician I just met. How about you?»

Kim smiled. She was no longer alone. Not only had she finally found someone, it was someone with whom she could share all aspects of her sexuality. Life, at least for now, was good.

The end.

