The City (Beginning of a science fiction story)

18th September 2010, 07:13 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

THE CITY

I dropped my gym gear on the floor and sat down in exhaustion on one of the incredibly uncomfortable chairs at our kitchen table. "So Shawn are you really going out with Karen?"

"Hell yeah!" Shawn laughed.

"But you knew that she was my girl.."

"Could of fooled me. " Shawn snickered. "When was the last time you had a real conversation with her?"

"Last Saturday.."

Shawn rolled his eyes,"What did you talk about? Weights?"

"Maybe a little.." I admitted

"Are you freakin' nuts?" Shawn laughed. "You need to stop spending so much time in the weightroom and learn a little something about women. Instead of talking about yourself you need to talk about them for a change. Flatter them. Tell them that they look hella hot."

"But you're just telling them that so that you can get into their pants..."

"And you would be too if you had half a brain." Shawn studied me with amusement.. "No wonder you never get laid..."

"I respect women." I protested. "And Karen's nice.."

"She's incredible in bed." Shawn smirked.

"Fuckin' asshole." I stood up but my legs almost buckled under me.

"Woah chill." Shawn laughed, "It's not like it was her first time... You know you're starting to look a little freaky. You're not on roids are you?"

"No.. but today I squatted six wheels for.."

Shawn waved his hands at me to stop, "Dude.. you might look like fuckin' Hercules, but it's Saturday night and you should be getting ready to go out -- not getting ready to go to bed!"

There was a little truth in what Shawn had told me but I was way too tired to go out. I drank a protein shake after Shawn left and staggered off to bed.

Shawn was pumping madly on Karen -- who kept turning her head and smirking at me. I walked out of the bedroom and into the kitchen where my lifting buddies -- the Kirk brothers -- were making out with their girls. Joe turned to me, "Too bad about Karen.. that's pretty fucked up." I reached for the refrigerator and fell forward. My head was splitting in pain. The weights seemed to be crushing me down. I pushed with everything that I had. My head felt like it was going to explode but I forced my legs to a full lock out. Then I was knocked onto my back HARD!

My eyes openned slowly my head was still ringing in pain. The sky was totally devoid of clouds. Slowly.. very slowly I stood up.. I stumbled forward, fell to my knees, and puked so violently into the dirt that I felt on the verge of death. Sweat soaked every pore of my body. I covered my eyes with both hands but had to let go for one last final set of wretching that left my lying on my back -- in my own puke.

Sweat continued to soak my body but I felt better and I gradually began to regain my bearing. I was in the middle of what appeared to be harsh dusty flat desert wasteland that smelled of heat. I tried to get a sense of bearing from the sun, but the sun didn't look right and looking at it seemed to play with my senses. Maybe it was my imagination but even my shadow didn't look right. It was very sharp. Too sharp. The sky was light green in color rather than the blue that I was used to and the sun was fighteningly intense. I heard the bark of a dog in the far distance where a low tree covered hill lay.

It had to be a dream, but if it was a dream than why was I still wearing the sweats and tennis shoes that I'd fallen asleep in? If it wasn't a dream than it was a hell of a good thing that I'd been so wiped out that I had lied down on my bed to rest before undressing.

I decided to head in the general direction of the dog. The puking hadn't helped. I was dehydrated and distances in the desert can be deceptive. It felt surreal trudging through the baking heat. It didn't seem real, my mind wasn't ready to accept that this wasn't a dream but I was starting to get there. It was becoming clearer with every step that if I didn't get to that hill that I was going to die.

The sun had fallen and it was becoming chilly as I neared the hill. I hadn't been imagining things, the trees were real, and there appeared to be a small town at the base of the hill. As I got closer I could see that the town was in a ruin. Half of the buildings were collapsing and half of the paved roads were partly or totally covered over with dirt.

A small black and white dog ran in my direction. It stopped, stood and watched me, then it turned and ran back towards the town. It would stop and watch me, then it would run a little further. I followed the dog to an old house that appeared to be in better shape than the others in town. It hadn't fallen down yet but it was still obviously deserted and it appeared to be very old. Outside the house was what appeared to be a well with a rusted hand pump. I expected it to be too rusted to move, but it moved when I tried it. I pumped and water came out! I drank. The water was cool crisp and surprisingly good.

I lay down on a patch of green grass, near the house, and fell asleep. I guess I half expected to wake up in my own bed in my apartment. Instead I woke up the next morning lying in the grass, covered with little ants, with the little black and white dog watching me cautiously from the porch. It dawned on me that if worst came to worst I might be able to catch and kill, and eat the dog, but I didn't really like that idea. I was all alone and the dog seemed to be my only hope for a companion.

I stood up, brushed the ants off of me, pulled my penis out of my sweats and began taking a leak on the grass. "Here boy." I called to the dog. He just watched me wearily and backed up slightly. I was about to tuck my penis back into my sweats when I caught a glimpse of a figure disappear behind the barn. I thought that it was possibly a woman but I hadn't gotten a good enough look to be sure.

I tucked my penis back into my sweats and headed in 'her' direction. "Hi! Hey wait! It's okay!" I found tracks but there was no sign of the woman or the dog. In fact there were tracks everywhere so I didn't have a clue of where I should go. I headed back to the house and circled it. Behind the house were a number of mounds of dirt, that judging from their size appeared to be shallow graves. My heart beat hard, maybe it was a little irrational but I felt like I would be safer inside the house. So I cautiously made my way into the house. Hey, I was a big guy -- 6' 2", 245 pounds -- what should I be scared of?

From the outside it looked to be a typical two story midwestern house. And inside it appeared fairly typical too, except.. the chairs, tables, furniture, the 'kerosene' lights looked weird -- foreign -- to me. The food inside the 'refrigerator' was so moldy and ancient that the smell of it almost knocked me dead when I opened the 'refrigerator' door. There were some old books stacked in the corner of the kitchen. They were covered with a thick layer of dust. I wiped the dust off and found that they were written in some sort of weird cryptic writing unlike anything I'd ever seen.

The bedrooms seemed reasonably normal, and I decided to sleep in the downstairs bedroom. The upstairs just creeped me out somehow. I found a sort of flint lighter, and lit the light in the bedroom. Inside the closet were a few blankets in a zippered plastic bag. They weren't dusty like everything else so I was able to make a reasonable bed. The bed might have been old but it sure felt good to lie down on a halfway normal bed and I was soon fast asleep.

###

BARK! BARK! BARK BARK!! The little dog jumped back and ran out the door of the room.

"Oh man.." I held my head. It still hurt a little. What the hell was I still doing here. If this was a dream it was the most vivid dream I'd ever had. And it didn't seem to be a good one. All by myself in the middle of nowhere..

I turned to look out the window.

"AWWWW!!!!" I jumped out of bed and fell on the floor. My heart was going about a hundred miles an hour.

"Sorry.." she said softly. She brushed her long black hair out of her face. She was absolutely beautiful. I guessed her age to be around twenty. She was medium height with a young beautiful curvy body. She wore pants and shoes. ONLY pants and shoes. She had very nice large firm breasts with medium sized brown nipples.

She looked scared and very vulnerable, but she remained standing there. "Sylvia used to sleep in that bed." she said shakily. "I miss her.."

I nodded supportively "What's your name?"

"Evelyn, but you can call me Eve. That's what my friends called me."

"Hi Eve, I'm Adam." I held out my hand.

Even put her hand in my hand and I was shocked by the warmth of her handshake. She hung on, she didn't seem to want to let go. "It's been soo long since I've seen anybody!" Her arms were around me, her cheek cuddled against mine, her breasts and pounding heart pressed against my chest. We hugged, we kissed, her pants came off -- we made love. It was my first time but she didn't seem to have any better of an idea of what she was doing than I did. It appeared to be a little painful to her and she peed at orgasm. However she eagerly went for it a second time and we totally soaked the bed.

"I came here ten years ago." Eve told me. "I'm from Michigan. We had this big storm this one night with really really loud thunder and lightening. It kept me awake half of the night, then I finally fell asleep. I woke up out there." She pointed at the desert out the window. "I almost died.. but Sylvia came and got me. She was really really old. She said that an old lady who had lived here -- before her -- had rescued her from the desert too. She taught her how to speak and read the language. And Sylvia taught me."

"Where are we?" I asked in amazement.

"I don't know." Eve admitted, "I think that we're in some other world. But you speak english!"

"Yeah, I'm from California."

"Sylvia was from California." Eve nodded thoughtfully. "I was twelve years old when I came here. I think that I'm twenty now. Sylvia died five years ago."

"Are there other people here."

Eve shook her head, "Not here in town. There have been other women, but they left and went to the city."

"The city?"

"Yeah, they said they were gonna come back. But they never did.. Sylvia said that the city was dangerous. That it was evil.. She said that it was a bad place. So I.. I just stayed here with Joey."

"Joey is your dog?"

"Yep." she smiled broadly and kissed me on the cheek. "He's ma dog!"

"Wait a second.. Have any men ever come here."

Eve hesitated before answering. "They all died.."

"They died?"

"Yeah.. This boy, Jim, that I knew in town. He came when I did. But he was dead. I tried to help him... but I couldn't. About five years ago Tiffany and her husband came. She said that when she woke up, he was dead. I've found other bodies of men. I buried them next to Sylvia."

"So I'm the only man that's made it."

Eve nodded. Her eyes filled with tears. "I wanted you so bad.. And you came! You are so strong!" She felt my muscles.

"So what do you eat?"

"Oh there are fruit trees around town. And I grow a garden. And there's food in the old part of town.."

"The old part of town?"

"Yeah, the really old part of town where the train station is. There's even a restaurant there."

"A restaurant? I thought you said that we were the only people here?"

"The restaurant is automatic. There is electricity and everything there. And somehow the food stays good. I don't think that they refrigerated the food. They did something else." Eve looked at me apologetically, "There used to be electricity here, but it stopped working and I don't know how to fix it."

I gave Eve another kiss, "I don't know how to fix electricity either. So... the train must go to the city."

