Any girls-women up for some naughty role playing?

27th October 2007, 07:27 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I could probably explain "roleplaying" best by directing you to the Literotica Sexual roleplaying board. I'm looking for up to four girls who want to roleplay as the roommates in this thread. The fun of the thread is that it can go in every different direction that each player takes it -- making it shocking suprising, and totally unpredictable.. Sex and all crazy and wild behavior is allowed, except 'scat' (That I'm not into).

So if you're interested in roleplaying as one of the girls, just introduce the character, and jump right in. And since I wrote my character from the "first person" point of view than perhaps it would work best to write your characters "first person" too.

WILD GIRLS

"Hi I'm Kristin. Whatchyur name?" A cute medium height blonde broke my attention from the intensely interesting Statistics 101 book I was reading.

"Umm...Rich"

"UmmRich would you like to go to a party?" Kristin invited "Or...would you rather be called Rich?"

"Sure!" I nodded with suprise. "I mean I'd love to go to the party. And I'd definitely rather be called Rich."

"Okay" Kristin giggled "The party's at eight o'clock! And I'll give you a ride if you want"

At 7:45 Kristin met me in front of the Student Union in a little red VW Bug. Her wild ride took them to a large three story house. It was the first party college party he'd ever been invited to. People were seated on the steps, the porch, and standing in groups on the front yard.

"Kristin!" A tall slim girl with long brown hair came rushing over from a group of girls. "Kristin you made it!" She gave Kristin a hug then turning to me. "And who might this be?" She gave me a hug too while I ackwardly gave her my name. Her nipples were wonderfully hard "Come on in!" She encouraged. She led us to a keg in the kitchen, filled a cup of beer for each of us, then before I was even able to ask her name, she went rushing off with Kristin.

"Kristins cool." A guy with long blond hair, named Steve, told me. "But ya gotta be careful around Kristin and her friends... they're wild!"

"What do you mean?"

"You'll see!" Steve grinned.

But the party was pretty laid-back and it was a great way to meet people. College life was going to be incredible!

"So you're living in the dorms? A big guy, who looked like he played or rugby, asked me.

"No, actually I wasn't able to get into the dorms. So I got an apartment. But I'm looking for roommates."

"How many roommates?" Kristin suddenly joined in.

"Umm...well it's a three bedroom. But that's all I could find.."

"Would you like female roommates?" Kristin giggled nuzzling her shoulder against him.

"Umm... I guess." I gulped nervously.

"Cooool!" Kristin grinned ear to ear and went hustling off.

The big guy cupped his hand and leaned towards me "Rumor has it that they're on probation and may get kicked out of the dorms soon."

"Ummm..."

"Go for it! It'll be an experience!"

Kristin came rushing back over "Here's my number and address. Come by tomorrow at..say three." Kristin gave me a quick hug then rushed back off into the crowd.

"Okay...umm...sure.." I nodded talking to myself.

###

Kristin met me in the hallway of the Trinity female dormitory. The place was relatively deserted but I could hear music, and girls talking in the room we were heading towards. Kristin unlocked the door.

Seated on a bed was a girl with long blonde straight hair wearing tight red shorts that showed off her long smooth legs. She was drinking a beer. "Busted!" she laughed to a girl in the corner of the room who was giggling racously. Only the top of the girls dirty blonde hair was visible above the desk she was squatting behind.

"That is so nasty!" Kristin said in mock horror.

A very cute girl rose from behind the desk with her tongue stuck out, and I caught a fleeting glance of her bare rear and hairy pussy as she pulled her pants up.

"Jen's still in the bathroom." she giggled "And I really had to go!... You must be Rich? Are you looking for roommates?"

"Umm..well yeah.. Sure!"

