One Girl Two Peeing Treats In One Day! Part 2

7th March 2010, 06:13 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Once inside Barbie's house we were in the kitchen to get drinks. Barbie asked what wanted and I told her ice tea if tat was no problem. No problem! she answered back to me as she checked the kettle on the stove. She started heating the kettle and while it heated up she poured herself a large glass of cola while I got a glass and the needed ice for my ice tea.

While waiting for the kettle to get hot Barbie told me she was going to change. So she left me in the kitchen and went upstairs to change. The kettle boiled so I made up my glass of icetea and took a good sip from it. Barbie came back down to the kitchen and now had put on a light blue top and a brand new pair of very tight fitting jeans.

Seeing her in the tight new jeans I told Barbie she looked very nice in them. They show you off very well Barbie I went on saying. Barbie gave me a smile and she modled a little too by turning completely around stopping once her ass was facing me and then turned around facing forward again. I thanked her which Barbie in returned giggled. Then we left the kitchen and went into the dinningroom and sat down at the large table.

Barbie after taking a drink of her cola soda and I from my icetea asked me if I wanted to play cards. Both she and I both liked to play cards so I told her yes and she reached from where she was sitting over to a small table and picked up the deck of cards from it. We started to play rummy which we played a lot.

We went and played one complete game which Barbie won. Durring the game we both finished drinking our drinks. Babie her cola soda and I my icetea. Now with both of us Barbie drinking soda and me icetea we both would need to piss quicker then drinking water. After playing rummy and putting the cards back on the small table Barbie told me she had to piss. How bout you? she asked me. I smiled and told Barbie that I did. That brought a smile to her face.

We both got up from our chairs at the dinningroom table. Now there was one of the two bathrooms in her house off the dinningroom. We both had used this bathroom at times when we did piss together. But this time we were not going into the bathroom to go. We also did not go out to the other bathroom off the kitchen to piss this time also. Instead Barbie grabbed her now empty glass and started for the hallway and the stairs to go upstairs. I followed her.

As we went up the stairs to the second floor I was getting erect quite quickly. I thought to myself; Good thing I am getting hard! Second condition as far as Barbie liked! We reached the top of the stairs turned and went through the one open doorway. We were in Barbie's brothers bedroom. Her three bothers shared this very large room. Barbie and her older sistor shared a bedroom off the far end back corner which was just big enough for the two girls to share but was not big enough for all the needed furniture for the two of them.

So since her brothers bedroom was so big Barbie had a area for her just off to the left of the doorway. Here she had her dresser,a desk, and a couch. It was very convienent in most ways for her to have this area even though this setup at times did have its lack of privacy for all of them. But that was worked out so it wasn't a real problem. Besides as far as being a person who didn't care to be all that private it diodn't bother Barbie.

Why I say this is where the desk,couch, and her dresser were there were three very large windows. Yes there was lace styled curtans with venition blinds also in the windows but now being summer the blinds were raised the curtains drawn back and the three windows that were there were wide open. So it was very airy and plesent in the room right now.

Barbie patted one of the couches cushions with her hand. Sit down and watch she said to me so I did take a seat on the couch. Take the glass please Barbie said to me next. So I took it from her and held it in my hand. Barbie then took both hands to pop the buton on her new tight jeans. Barbie also had to suck in hard as far as her breathing. She managed to pop the button and that was done.

Then she pulled her zipper down quickly with a loud zzzzzt. Then taking both hands one on each side of her gripping the jeans with a tight grip she yanked at one side then the other side in a rocking motion started pulling her tight jeans down slowly. As I watched her doing this I thought it of being kind of erotic which made my cock stay in its erect state. I would have bet you that getting her jeans slid down and taken completely off was well over a minutes time for Barbie to accomplish.

She left the jeans on the floor and asked me to give her the glass. I handed it over to her. Now Barbie placed the glass between her upper thighs, slanted it a litle, and had it so it was placed so she would piss in it! Now I'll just mention where she stood even though she was standing just off to front of me she was also standing right in front of the wide open window too! That ment she was very visible to anyone passing by or trafficgoing by out on the highway in front of the house!

Well Barbie started to piss right into the glass in taking seconds to get started. Out from her peehole her piss came running down the insides of the glass which her piss was a very light yellow color. It really ddn't make much noise only some very soft splashing once the glass started to fill. There was no hiss as she pissed this time. But her piss did make piss foam a it filled the glass.

As Barbie pissed the amount of piss in the glass made it fill up. Barbie was looking down watching the glass fill along with me. Once her piss had reached the point where it was comming close on theone side of the glasses rim she straigtned the glass out which made the level of her piss in the glass lower. Barbie went on pissing. By the time she had finsihed this piss the glass was well over 3/4ths filled.

Barbie took the glass out between her thighs and raised it up in the air. She looked at it. Then she told me that she had pissed quite a bit from the looks of it. I smiled and told her that she had pissed a lot agreeing with her. Then Barbie said to me; Let me take care of this and you get ready. So I stood up and pulled my zipper down as she went right over to the side open window and poured her piss out of the glass.

I had my cock pulled out and waiting which Barbie when she turned around saw my hard cok let out a short loud giggle. She handed me the glass and she stood right in front of me reached down and took a gentle hold of my hard cock. This tied right in why Barbie liked me to be hard. She liked holding my hard cock as I pissed! I will aslo say this Barbie was also verygood with her hands in other ways too!

I slipped the glass down in front of my cock. Barbie had pushed my hard cock downward so it was slanting down. Then we wre now set so that I could piss. Since I was erect I tied giving a slight push to get myself to start. Nothing appened. I tried a few more times with no result. Seeing I was having some trouble getting started Barbie took her other hand up to her lips and wetted her fingers. Then she took her wetted fingers and in a circulair motion rubbed the head of my cock with them! She knew that this area was very sensitive and achieved results doing this to me before. It did make me piss!

In a short few momnets after doing her wet finger rubbing on my ocks head I did start to piss missing the sliding finger that was still on the head of my cock! Barbie giggling pulled that fnger away and my piss stream which was thin but very hard went into the waiting glass naking a good hard intail splash inside the glass. Seeing the hard kickback inside of the glass from my piss Barbie moved it up which didn't make my piss splash so much. My piss began rising upward inside the glass at a good clip.

So I had to change the angle of the galss as I pissed into it. Barbie also had to move my cock pushing it down as I had to straighten the glass. The amount of piss in the glass increased rapidly. I in a much shorter time filled the glass then Barbie had. When I reached the 3/4 mark my cocks head was already covered over by my own piss which made the piss in the glass really bubble and jerk around in the glass. This made Barbie giggle as she saw my piss doing this. My own piss was warm on my cock.

Well I wound up cutting my piss stream off this time. Otherwise I would have over filled the glass with piss. After stopping I very slowly and carefuully moved the glass, turned slowly around, (Barbie did take her hand from my cock so I could turn around) and then I reached outside the open window and dumped the piss filled glass out. Then I turned around Barbie took my erect cock back in hand, I placed the glass back with my ocks head inside the glass and I went back to pissing in it.

