The Start of Tina's Career, Part 2: The Park

14th January 2011, 01:34 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Tina stepped out of the bathroom in her robe and saw everyone gathered around the back door. She walked over to the crew setting up around the pool, and the two skinny skanks, Jenny and Joise, talking to Tom. She grabbed a glass of water and walked over to where Tom and the girls were talking.

« and Jenny and I are still willing to turn this into a golden shower scene if you would like us to,» she heard Josie telling Tom.

«No, no, no!» he replied. «How many times do I have to tell you girls? First, right now we do wettings and solo pissing. I don't know if we will ever make the jump to golden showers, but we haven't done it yet. And second, and most important, you're sisters! Fuck, your twins! I'm sure it would be illegal to tape you two giving each other golden showers, and it's sure as fuck wrong to do that! Now get ready to start filming, and don't ask me again!»

Tina was shocked at the conversation. Still, she couldn't help but laugh when she heard Tom mutter «Freaks!» after the girls had walked away.

Tina was going to ask Tom what her next scene was going to be, but he was too busy taking care of setting up this scene. She figured she would just watch this scene, and talk to him when it was over.

She heard Tom cry out «Action!» Everyone but Jenny and Josie stopped talking, and watched the two girls go to work.

Jenny and Josie were sitting on lounge chairs, sunning beside the pool. «I'll be back in a second, Jessie,» Jenny said. «I've got to take a piss.»

«Why go inside Janey?» Josie said. «Just take your piss out here.»

Tina couldn't help but laugh to herself. First, the twins' acting was some of the worst she had ever seen. Second, she couldn't believe how small their imaginations were. Jenny's and Josie's stage names were Janey and Jessie? Couldn't they be more creative than that? Jenny started to speak again, drawing Tina's attention.

«Piss out here? Are you fuckin' crazy?» Jenny exclaimed.

«Why not?» Josie asked. «Just piss in your bikini. Shit, I would do it.»

«No fuckin' way!» Jenny said. «You're so full of shit.»

«Oh yeah. Watch me!» Josie stood up, and a second later a strong stream erupted from her bikini bottoms. At the same time, some started to dribble down each leg.

«Holy shit!» exclaimed Jenny, doing a poor job of pretending to be surprised. «Well, then, what the fuck?» Seconds later a dribbly stream of piss started falling out of Jenny's suit. It gained in strength, just as Josie's stream started to come to an end. Some latent drops still fell from Josie's suit.

Jenny's piss was making a loud splashing sound on the cool deck below and her stream started to get stronger. Finally it began to wane. Jenny reached her hands into her bottoms and started to rub as her piss began to stop. «Oh god, that was so horny!» Jenny exclaimed.

Josie appeared to be legitimately surprised to see her twin sister start to masturbate herself, but soon began to do the same herself. Tina looked around, and noticed that everyone looked to be a little surprised at what was going on, but also mesmerized by it as well. This included George and Mary, who had their hands inside each other's pants as they were watching the girls act out the scene.

Eventually the girls either came, or faked it, and Tom yelled «Cut!"

"Obviously that last part wasn't in there, but nice job of improvising girls. We'll put it in the movie.» He then turned to Clarence. «Clarence, grab a camera and go film Jenny's and Josie's reactions. I'm going to talk to the rest of the girls about their next scenes.»

Tom went to talk to everyone about their scenes. Tia and Becky were up next, and they were to play friends engaging in a holding contest, and were to each wet themselves under the guise of not being able to hold it anymore at the end. Tom had written some simple lines for the scene, but the two of them were free to improvise. While she had no experience in this industry, Tina guessed that this was another tried and true scenario for pissing porn.

Tom also had a scene in mind for Tina and Tamyra, one which shocked the young blonde. After Tia's and Becky's scene they were going to head over to a nearby park, where the girls would sit on a bench, lift up their skirts, and wet their panties. Tina couldn't believe that they were actually going to wet themselves in a public place. Tom assured her that the park wasn't a very busy one, and that they wouldn't start until they made sure that no one was around. Again Tina wondered what she had gotten herself into.

Tina got herself another drink of water, but was wishing it was something much stronger. She needed something to calm to her nerves. Wanting to take her mind off of the task at hand, she headed to the living room to watch Tia's and Becky's scene. It went pretty much like she imagined it would be. Tia noticed Becky acting desperate, and made fun of her. Becky replied back that she could hold her pee better than Tia could. The two ended up making a bet to see who could hold the longest. The camera man focused on each of them acting desperate. Every few minutes they would stop rolling, one of the guys would set the clock in the room ahead to make it look like a lot of time had elapsed, and the girls would return to acting desperate. Given the amount of fluids she had noticed them drinking, Tina figured that acting desperate right now probably wasn't much of stretch.

It was Becky that gave in first. Standing there, groaning, holding onto her crotch, wet streaks started to appear on the inside of both her pant legs. «Oh shit! Oh no, I can't believe I'm pissing myself!» she heard Becky cry. Her delivery wasn't the greatest, but it was much better than the acting job the twins had just put on.

Becky continued to complain as the wet streaks on her legs got larger, and a damp patch on her crotch kept growing. Soon a very large portion of her pants were wet and glistening, as pee continued to soak through them. Tina noticed a very large wet spot also forming on the carpet. While Tina wouldn't have been thrilled for that to happen in her house, she figured George and Mary would have no problem with it.

As Becky was finishing her piss, she heard Tia shout «Ha, I told you I could hold for longer than you!» She then started to run for the bathroom. After a few steps she Tia yelled «Oh shit! I can't make it!» And, from behind, you could see a wet patch form on her ass, and wet streaks flowing down the legs of her jeans. Tia turned around, and Tina thought she did a good job with a look of terror on her face. «I can't believe I'm doing this!»

Becky started to laugh at Tia, pointing at the Asian's glistening jeans as the piss filled them, poured down her legs, and made another wet spot on the carpet. Tia started laughing at the situation as well, selling it much better than Becky. It was after this that Tom yelled «Cut!»

As Tom followed Tia and Becky to film their reactions to the scene, Tina and Tamyra went to wardrobe to pick out some clothes. Tamyra went w/ a black skirt, a pair of yellow lace panties, a thin white top, and a button up vest that matched the skirt. Tina realized the vest was a good idea, as Tamyra did not put on a bra, and the thin top would do nothing to obscure her dark nipples. With the vest, Tamyra could practice a little modesty before and after the cameras were rolling, but show off her impressive assets during filming.

This lead Tina to pick out her own matching skirt and top, in a nice light blue. She put on a pair of white cotton panties, figuring that they would probably become see through after she pissed them, something which would likely turn on her viewers. Like Tamyra, she chose a thin, white top. The ebony beauty wasn't the only one who had a nice, firm pair of tits to show off.

It wasn't long before everyone took off for the park, which was only a short trip away. Tina couldn't help thinking to herself, «What the fuck have I gotten myself into?» She had to keep reminding herself about how much she needed the money.

Tamyra and Tina found a bench near center of the park. There was an elderly couple walking through at the time, and a jogger ran by, but other than that the park was empty. When those three park visitors were out of ear shot, Tom talked to the two girls.

«This is going to be pretty simple. When I yell 'Action!' I want the two of you to pull up your skirts and start pissing. As soon as your finished you can put your skirts back down and we'll leave. I really don't see a need for any dialogue, but if you start to talk, Tina will be called 'Zuzu', and Tamyra is 'Violet'. Any questions?»

The girls nodded their head to indicate that they understood. «So her stage name is Violet, eh?» Tina laughed to herself. «It fits perfectly with the whole It's a Wonderful Life thing.»

As everyone finished getting into place, Tamyra picked herself up off of the bench slightly and pulled her skirt out from underneath her. Tina immediately realized that this was a good idea, and did the same. The girls then unbuttoned and opened their vests, their firm breasts slightly visible under the thin fabric of their blouses.

The crew waited until the elderly couple had completely left the park, and checked to see that no one else was around. When it was completely clear, Tom yelled «Action!»

The two girls, almost in unison, picked up the front of their skirts. Tina felt weird sitting there, in the middle of a park, with her legs spread, her skirt raised, and her panties visible to anyone who may wander by. She knew, however, that she could not think about that. She had to relax and piss. If she went pee shy again, like she did in her first scene, it would ruin the scene, as Tamyra would be pissing all by herself. Tina heard splashing, and knew that Tamyra was peeing. A split second later, Tina's white cotton panties began to fill with pee.

The panties held the pee in - for just a moment. A big stream of pee then came pouring from the center of the panties, with some smaller streams pouring out of the sides. Just like earlier that day, Tina was surprised at how good it felt to wet herself. The feeling of the hot piss flooding her tight panties, and the thrill of peeing in so public a place, was really a turn-on for Tina, evident in the way her hard nipples were poking through the fabric of her shirt.

The girls turned and looked at each other, smiling. Tina saw Tamyra's nipples poking through her own top, and noticed that the ebony girl's lace panties were not doing much to hold back a strong stream of pee. Tamyra then reach down and pulled the panties aside, releasing a huge arc of piss. Tina, surprised, followed suit, each girl sending strong fountains in the air.

Tom was pleased. Here were his two prettiest girls, and both were putting on quite a show. He knew that his audience would love this. Hell, he himself wanted to kneel in front of that bench, drinking piss from each girl, and was sorely disappointed that he couldn't do that. Instead he just watched, his dick tenting in his pants.

At about fifty seconds after she first started peeing Tina's stream began to wane, became a small trickle, and then stopped. Tina was amazed that Tamyra was still going, and the two girls started to giggle. About fifteen seconds after Tina's pee stopped, Tamyra's came to end. The black beauty then shocked Tina by pulling her face over and kissing her. Tina decided to produce a surprise of her own, and reached over and placed her hand inside Tamyra's panties and started to finger her. Tamyra returned the favor.

The crew watched in stunned silence, some of them rubbing themselves through their pants. Tamyra and Tina continued to kiss and finger each other. What had started out as stunts for the camera had turned into complete lust. When Tina had first started to finger her co-star she worried about whether or not she would be grossed out by doing so inside her panties wet with piss. The opposite had occurred. The fact that Tamyra's pussy and panties were soaked with piss was actually turning Tina on, as was the naughtiness of doing such a thing in a public park.

Tamyra was just as turned on Tina, and proved it by erupting into a large orgasm. This made Tina cum as well. The crew continued to look on, everyone focused on the two actresses, when a whispered voice came from behind the crew: «Holy Shit!»

Everyone looked over at the source of the voice. A guy was standing there w/ his bicycle, staring at the two beauties, his mouth agape, his dick straining against the confines of his bicycle shorts. The girls immediately pulled down the skirts, and, embarrassed, rushed to the crew's van. The crew, laughing, quickly packed everything up, and hurried off. The bicyclist was left wondering what he had just seen.

###

Tina had long since cleaned up, and said goodbye to the girls and most of the crew. Tom had given her a check for her first day's work, and wanted her back tomorrow. She left the house in a much better mood than when she arrived. She now had some money, and, almost as important to her, a couple of new phone numbers: Tom's and Tamyra's. Things were looking up.

