/luise-and-i-get-our-weekend-together-part-1/38491/

Luise And I get Our Weekend Together Part 1

15th November 2009, 03:53 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Luise called me several weeks later. She had called me between this call but yet had to get the time off. First thing she siad to me when she called me was that she had the up comming weekend off! It was now mid Septmeber but this was till ok with both of us. She wanted to go up to my friends camp and stay there! That was fine with me. So we made plans do do it.

I got everything that I would need for the wekend all taken care of so that after work that Friday I could leave right from work and pick Luise up. I called her and told her be ready when I getthere. Luise said to me; Don't worry about thatI'm ready now! I laughed and told her I would see her later. She gggled and said goodbye and that she couldn't wait.

Now most Fridays as far as work went are not all that busy. Only at the very end of the month and the begining of the month. Being mid month this Friday was not. My immeaiate boss Paul knew about the plans I had for the weekend for I had told him. He told me to go ask Joe the departmet supervisor to ask to leave arly. It was ok with Paul if I did.

So I did ask Joe if I could leave. He knew it was slow and I also had told him it was ok with Paul. He said I had plenty of time comming and it was ok with him. It was payday to and he fished my check out gave it to me and told me to take off and have fun. I thatnked him and Pual and I hurrid out of work got in my Mustang and drove right over to the banjk and cashed my check.

I hurried over to the northway and drove right up to Luises house. She saw me pull up for she was looking out the picture window in her bedroom when I pulled into the driveway. I got out and had walked up on to the poorch when she came bursting out of the front door with two suitcases in hand dropping them down hard on the porch and she hugged and kissed me very hard!

After the hard hug and the hard kiss Luise said to me; Your EARLY! I'm glad too. I thought you would never get here! I laughed and told her that I got out early and also I have Monday off too! So we have three days to spend together. That is great! Luise said back to me. I picked up her bags and we walked right over to my car. I tossed her bags on the backseat and we got in.

In minutes we were on the northway and going north. The top was down and Luise told me she had something special for me as soon as we got to my friends land. I asked her what it was but she told me I would have to wait till we got there. We rtalked with Luise asking me what I had brought. I told her plenty of food to cook,plenty to drink, and I had plenty of spending cash. She told me she had plenty of spare cash too. She also had packed plenty of stuff too.

I asked her if any of it needed to be put in the cooler. She said yes but wait till we can stop at a rest area. We can take care of it then. Then she added saying the one with no buildings too north of Lake George! I knew the one for there was a nothside one like the south bound side one with no buildings. Luise told me by the time we would get thre she would reall have to piss. She then laughed and told me why sh would have to! She had drank tree bottles of beer while she waited for me to arrive. She even went on and told me she had to piss now but could hold it. I told her she better for I wasn't stopping till then. She told me she could.

This rest area by the way was over 45 minutes away yet so Luise had to wait at least that long for us to get there. Being early Friday afternoon and the summer season was over traffic was light so I was not held up as we went by Glens Falls and Lake George. This helped Luise for the time we hit the exits for Lake George she was getting desperate to piss. For she had pulled one foot back and she was sittng on it with it pressed up into her crotch.

I teased her by saying that she had to go. We still had a ways to go yet etc. She took my teasing in stride saying that she would make it. I did get to her by suddenly leting up on the gas pedal and slowed right down. Heyt oh no you don't! Luise said to me. Speed back up or I'll take my foot out and piss all over the seat and floor! I know I'll at least get that much wet! I laughed and I did speed back up.

Luise was wearing a long sleeve dark green top with a matching pair of seat pants. We passed by the last exit before the rest area we were going to stop at. I told LUise that she had to hang on about ten more minutes. She looked right at me and said she would make it. I will tell you this even if there is people right there when we pull in I won't be able to go far to piss! I smiled and Luise saw that I did and she let out a very short giggle.

Several more minutes passed and we were in a mile now of this rest area for we had passed theone already omn the southbound side and also had gone by the one mile sighn for the one we were stopping at on the nothbound side. Less then a minute later we went by the entrance sighn, I pulled on to the entrance ramp and Luise had unbuckled her seatbelt,and had her hand on the door handle to open it.

I slowed down rapidly as we came up into the parking area. It was empty as far as cars. There were two tractor trailers parked way down on the exit ramp. Most likely the drivers were sleeping which many of them did when they pulled off in the rest areas. Now this one was not like the southbound side one.

This one had a steep grassy uphill embankment that went up to a chain ink fence. There were only a few scattered trees and small bushes. So if you wanted some cover you had to climb up the grasssy embankment to get to one of the scattered trees or bushes. When I stopped in one of the parking spaces Luise shoved her door wide open and had got right out. She even started heading up the grassy hill leaving me still inisde the car. I laughed knowing that she was bound and determined not to piss until she did reach a bush or tree to go behind and piss!

I got out and I ran after her catching her about halfway up the hill. She grabbed my hand and pulled me along with her. She went sideways across the hillside heading for where there were three small trees and a bush clumped together. She had her other hand clasped into the crotch of her green sweatpants as we went along. We got there wthout her pissing her pants!

Once behind the group of three trees and the bush Luise shoved her green sweatpants right down and got down into a high sqaut. That was all she needed to do. Out from her pussy came a gusher of a piss stream! Drops sprayed off from her stream going everywhere and her pss was dark yellow in color. The ground was bare of grass to where she was squated so in mere seconds she had wetted all of the bare spot and her piss ran over the dirt and into where there was grass.

She looked at me; See I made it! I laughed and said back to her; I see that! You almost idn't there girl! I added saying to her. She let out a giggle and told me I was right. I almost didn't! I stood thereand let Luise piss. I hadmy watch on and I glanced at it from time to time keeping tract to see how long Luise would piss. She saw me doing this and asked me when a minute would go by. I nooded my head yes and I told her I would.

A minute went by and I told Luise. She was still pissing hard but not quite as hard as she had been. She was no longer spraying droplets of piss but her stream was hard without any hissing yet. It was wide all the way down to the ground. I anounced a minute and a half. Luise giggled. Ten seconds later her stream thinned down and hissed. Think I'll make two minutes? she asked me. Still have ten seconds or so more! I said back to her quickly. Her stream was thinning out fast now.

She made two minutes and I told her. Her stream now was very thin and was going straight down to the dirt. Seven more seconds went by and she was down to dribbling. Then when twelve seconds was reached she stopped. I told hertwo minutes twelve seconds. Luise stood up laughing. That was a long one! She pulled up her sweatpants. Ok your turn. Give me your watch I'll time you!

SoI handed her my watch pulled my zipper down and slipped my cock out. I knew I wasn't going to piss for two minutes but I would try to go as long as I could. I was erect so that would make me take longer to go. I started and sending out a nce thin twisted piss stream which I wetted the leaves on the bush with my piss. Luise announced thirty seconds when I had pissed that long. One minute when that mark was passed. I went for just over a minute and half and came to a stop. Luise laughed and told me; Not bad for someone that didn't really have to piss.

