Caught- Part 3

19th January 2013, 10:12 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Continued from "Caught - part 2" $/community/...ad.php?p=513548

Caught- part 3

###

I was inside Katie's apartment now and she poured me some kind of mixed drink. "drinkey- you likey..." she said. I really warmed up to her.

A couple hours went by, we talked for a long time, and we just shared stuff about ourselves. It was not obvious yet but it quickly became obvious we were not just "hanging out." I felt warm and very buzzed and I could tell she was the same, but not drunk. We started out the night sitting across from each other on her couch. After two hours, Katie had put her leg up on the couch and had it practically in my lap.

Her jeans really accentuated her shape. She had such a compact but curvy little body. I let the leg thing happen, I didn't mind and I went with it. I also went along with the fact Katie decided that she'd unbutton the top buttons of her blouse after she went to get another drink. I saw her lingerie and her cleavage pretty clearly. I started to find her irresistable, but there was no way I would say anything (yet). I was having feelings for this woman, my neighbor, and i couldnt help it. It was just crazy and again I felt very surreal.

Just as I thought that...she giggled and said "You know you are a total babe?" i felt a fire of blush in my cheeks and behind my eyes... but this time, I felt like the door inside my head just opened. There was no doubt or apprehension and all that came out of my mouth was " I like so want to kiss you (laughs)." And in a flash...almost as if she had the response ready...Katie said " and why aren't you kissing me? I don't bite (smiles)." I arched my neck over to her face and kissed her. Her kiss back was double.

She put her arm around me and we started deep kissing. I felt waves of warmth heading through my insides and my pussy began to feel like I wet myself, but I didn't (I felt like I wanted to). In an instant, for some reason...I caught a glimpse of her crotch. A large wet spot about the size of a fist was on her light blue jeans. I knew what she had done. And again, almost on impulse, all I could say was "...I really like this...I feel like I'm gonna pee my pants ...I'm so excited."

"I already did a little," Katie said. We laughed like crazy...and she laughed really hard and said " oh...my....God....i'm peeing again (laughs)..." We were on her floor...the dull beat of music in the background was getting louder...it sounded like the Killers or something.

Then everything was revealed. I admitted to her i'm into pee. I like to pee my pants. " Get out!" she said...I paused...She said " I love it." I could do it all day if it were 'acceptable' (air quotes)...(laughs)." So she asked me if when I peed my pants a couple years ago did I get off later and I said "yes."

"I do that all the time, Katie said.

The next moments were a blur...but i think because I was such in a state of euphoria for what was being said and done. I started to leak in my pants. Not on purpose, I just felt my bladder give out slowly. I told her and she pulled me into her bedroom. The room smelled of incnese, and the lights were not too bright...to add to the surreal mood, there was like a weird green flood light in one bulb of the overhead lighting.

She whispered in my ear..." it's ok babe, we can be pee pee pals tonight." We crawled in her bed and i heard crinkling, like plastic under the sheet. i told her i'm about to lose control, i just cant hold it..."its ok, just have an accident, we both already went anyway, lets just do it here..." At that point my bladder just gushed...she watched. She took off her jeans and peed her panties. Pee poured all over the sheets. We took off our clothes and started to touch each other all over. She went down on me and i literally orgasmed within a minute, and I still felt like I was wanting to keep going.

I just went down on her and licked her...her lips were saturated with pee and even in her hair down there. I didn't care. All the pee smells were turning me on and I could even taste her pee. It was very strong, but again I did not care because I was so into her now. We rubbed, went down on each other, touched, kissed and must have gone on for 2 hours. Some kind of rap beat started playing on the stereo, but it all got drowned out with our noise. I came again...and her and me..and her...and me...again.

Next thing I know it's 8 am. She is asleep next to me...we are covered in thick blankets...the bed still pretty wet and all I can smell is pee. We fell asleep in our fun. The sensation and smell provokes me to kiss her on her cheek. She wakes up and says in a scratchy voice "hey hottie..." Within minutes we are repeating much of what we did the night before. I didn't care that we were wet, smelly and even a little cold, it just felt like I belonged...I went into a deep, intimate fantasy land, but this was for real.

To be continued...

