Public pee story

19th February 2009, 10:35 PM

Author: lickitup

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 91

Just thought I'd share with you all what I did about 2 hours ago.

I went out to do some shopping in my local shopping center, I got myself a couple of books from Waterstones. Before I actually bought them, I sat down to have a coffee and flip through them. While I was drinking my coffee, it came to me that I needed to pee. I'd only got my short jacket on, so if I was to pee there and then, it would be very obvious, so I held onto it. I bought the books, and went to McDonalds and got a large coke. I walked round for a little while to let the coke do it's thing and fill up my bladder. I then headed back to the car park. I went upto level 3, and went over to the side of the carpark where you can look down and see all the shoppers below. I lent over the ledge and parted my legs. I let a couple of little spurts go into my jeans, it felt so nice and warm. I looked round to see if anyone was there, but no one was about, so I looked down and could see a little damp spot.

I turned back and looked over the ledge again. As I looked down, I could see a few good looking women who had been shopping, and I let some more pee go into my jeans while looking at them, imagining that I was pissing over them. Just them I heard foot steps behind me, high heel type footsteps. I half looked round to see a very nice looking young woman going back to her car, as I was looking at her, I felt a little more pee come out, I turned back to look over the ledge, and let more pee out, this time I felt it run down my leg. I looked down and there was now a large wet patch. It was time to go back to the car. While I was sat in the car on the way home I was trying to pee more in my jeans, but I just couldn't do it for some reason, but when I got inside my front door, I jet the rest of my pee go, and soaked my jeans. It felt so good to feel the warm pee flood out.

Hope you enjoyed this story.

