Felice, Donna, And The Plumber's Crack

27th July 2008, 02:59 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

Donna had just returned home from a long shopping trip and had to piss very badly.

Felice greeted her at the door with a look of guilt. Donna asked her what she did and Felice replied «just don't go in the bathroom.»

«What the hell did you do?» Asked Donna, smiling at her friend.

«I uhh yeah, well the plumber is on his way.» Felice answered.

Donna put her bags down and went towards the bathroom to see what sort of problem there was to deal with.

She noticed the carpet was soaked in the hallway and she slogged through it in a surreal daze. Through the doorway she could see that the toilet tank was missing. The bowl part was still there, but the upper part had broken off and was in big chunky pieces scattered in and all around the toilet. There was a geyser of water spraying up almost reaching the ceiling.

«Oh Shit!» Donna shouted but then started laughing. Her feet were soaked in chilly carpet water and the geyser made her need to piss even greater.

«How in the world did you do that?» She asked Felice, but the doorbell rang and Felice ran off to answer it.

Unfortunately there was only one bathroom in the small house and as it was broad daylight out, Donna did not want to risk going out in the back yard to piss as she had done many a time, but only in darkness.

She heard Felice talking and also a man's voice. They were fast approaching and the thought of a quick tub piss before the plumber entered the bathroom was not to be put to action.

«Hi there, I see we have a bit of a problem hmmm?» Said the man, eyeing the geyser, and then surveying the damage. Donna, who felt as if her own geyser was about to erupt as well, just said a quiet «Yes I believe so.»

«Well first thing we need to do is cut the source.» And he reached under the tank area and turned it off.

Felice had left and retuned wearing red shiney rubber boots, the shortest and tightest rubber skirt she owned, and a bikini top. She was carrying an umbrella and hoping this getup would lighten Donna's grouchy mood.

Donna scowled and slopped noisily out of the room. Felice followed and said she was sorry. «Donna I cant even freakin tell you what I was doing it's just so freaky!»

«What!? Did you do Felice?» «I uhhh well I was kind of» Hey ladies do you happen to have a phone I can use? I left my cell at the shop.» The plumber asked.

«Uhhh yeah hang on.» Replied Donna, and she left to go get the cordless.

When Donna returned bringing a phone. «Hey I could» Eyeing the trash can and thinking how she could use that for a minute, empty it out, and bring it back. «Alright thanks.» he said and reached for the phone. She was about to take the plastic trash bin, when another man walked in the room startling her. Felice came back and smiled at everyone, trying her best to pretend she'd not just caused all this.

Donna grabbed her arm and walked her out into the hallway. «What the fuck happened?» She asked. «Well like I said I was um well, up sitting on the back of the toilet kind of trying a new thing, when all of a sudden it collapsed under me.» The men in the bathroom fell quiet, but Felice did not notice. She went on saying «Well see I had this idea, instead of sitting on the seat normally, that I'd sit on the back and try pissing like that.» Donna smiled and asked further, knowing full well that the plumbers were listening. «So you were sitting up there and you spread your legs right?» «Yeah, and I had one foot on the sink and the other on the toilet lid.» «then what?» Donna asked. «Well I had some little panties on and I pulled them to the side,» Donna could feel throbbing in her clit. «Then I started to pee. It was fun. I pulled up on my vagina a little bit and it shot forward hitting the front of the bowl.»

Donna placed her hand down to her pussy and rubbed it a bit. She had a tremendous piss pressure built up and the tale her friend was telling, combined with that made her feel suddenly deeply hot.

«So you were sitting there, spraying forward through your panty then?» Donna inquired.

«Well I had exposed my pussy actually.» Felice said and then added «It was squirting out and making a hissing sound.» Felice spun her umbrella around then closed it up. She turned it around so that the u shape was pointed towards Donna. «So,» Donna began. «Let me get this straight. You seated on the back of the toilet and pissed forward, and it made it all into the bowl?» Felice gently touched Donnas throbbing crotch with the hard plastic umbrella handle. Donna strained to retain, but when the handle touched her crotch, a jet of piss escaped her and sprayed down right beneath her. «Hahaha!» Felice laughed and put the umbrella back up. "Looks like I'll need this!"

Donna was embarrassed but acted slightly angry towards Felice. Forgetting about the silent plumbers in the bathroom she said, «I cant believe you made me piss on the floor like that! All in addition to what you've already done!» Felice heard a thunk of a tool in the bathroom and remembered the plumbers were in there.»

Bryan finally made his phone call and Donna ran into her bedroom followed by her girlfriend. «They heard us!» Felice whispered. «I know!» Donna told her.

«I have got to piss so bad you would not even fucking believe!» Donna whispered loudly.

They heard the men sogging through the hallway and Bryan say to his partner that «the brunette is so hot». Donna opened the door after they had passed, and unimpressed by the comment she was meant to hear, quickly went from her room to the bathroom where she could piss at last. The wet carpet under her feet brought her close to pissing right there in the hallway. It would not have mattered anyway as she'd already sprayed some pee on the already soaked rug. They'd have to rent a steam cleaner now to get the rest of that soak up. She did not have time to close the door and ran over to the toilet. She almost pissed standing in front of it, but she remembered that it cannot be flushed right now. Donna didn't want to piss there because they'd know she had done it. The yellow water would give her away.

The men returned now with a new tank. Donna quickly went and sat on the ledge of the tub. It's cold porcelain chilled her wet fanny even more and she knew she would not be able to rise and walk away without losing control and pissing all over the already wet bathroom floor and right in front of the plumbers.

Jeff began throwing the broken porcelain pieces into the trash, filled the bin and said he'd be right back. Donna watched as he walked away. His tight Levi's were snug over his perfect ass as bent over, and his muscled arms hefted the bin as she watched. She moved forward a bit on the tub side, trying to keep from pissing. If only the other plumber would leave too for a minute, she could scoot back and piss in the tub! But he stayed, and in fact introduced himself. «So I'm Bryan. And I think we have this under control now.» «Uh yeah and I'm Donna and I'm trying to keep it under control.»

«You know I couldn't help but overhear that uhh conversation you girls had out there and I just gotta say I am, well sort of interested in your predicament.» Donna's face paled in embarrassment when she heard this, but she was intrigued. His assistant returned and announced that he needed to get a few parts from the store. «Alright I'll be here.» Bryan replied. Jeff was about to leave when Felice came back and having overheard Jeff, told him that she'd go with him if they could stop at the Quickmart on the way back. She told them she was going to rent a carpet cleaner and was out of cigarettes. Jeff took her up on that and offered her one for now. Felice accepted that and also a light. Donna shook her head at Felice and how blatantly slutty she was being. «Ok see you guys in a bit.» she said, and blew smoke at them, then walked out.

Donna was on the brink of pissing now, and her short skirt had risen up in back while her ass hung over the tub side. «Yeah I really need to piss very badly right now, would you mind leaving me for a moment?» Donna pleaded.

«Well» Bryan began to squat down, thinking of how to prolong this.

He pulled a wrench from his tool belt and started taking the toilet apart. «I really need to get this done as fast as I can. We have another job right after this.» He lied.

Donna shifted uncomfortably, getting annoyed at this Bryan.

Bryan was a big man, about 250 pounds, muscular, and chubby both at the same time. His Wranger Jeans were worn too big and when he squatted about 2 inches of his backside was visible. «So why is it that plumbers always have visible ass-crack?» She asked sarcastically. «Well» he chuckled. «I think we just like to make you look.» He replied.

She looked. «I guess you could use it as a wrench-holder or something.» Donna laughed and felt a trickle spring from her pussy and run back over her pucker. She heard it drip down into the tub. «Hmm now don't get too excited about that, that is a tool-free zone back there I'll have you know.»

«Really Bryan plumber-guy, if you would just leave the room for a moment, I could have a bit of privacy, and it would not set you back time-wise hardly at all.» «Well darlin I'm right in the middle of this and just cant stop now.» He said sweetly. His back was towards her and his shirt rose up even higher exposing more of his back.

Donna was not wearing any panties today and that chilly tub on her ass was warming up a bit where she was not feeling frozen to it any longer. She moved a bit and heard a squeak under her, from her buttcheeks friction against the slightly wet surface. It startled her and she started pissing. The pissing startled her too. Bryan heard the sound of pee hitting the floor of the tub, and said; «You know that sounds like you've got a leaky faucet there. If you want I could take a look at that.» «No! That is not necessary! She replied and strained to control her leaky faucet. He chuckled again and told her, «Really it's a good thing the jeans are so loose because I gotta tell you, right now my dick is unbelievably hard.»

Donna looked again at the plumbers crack and grimaced, because he was not only not her type, but for him to be so presumptuous on top of menacing her with the sight.

She knew he was sticking close by just to be there when she lost control. She thought of this situation and squirmed uncomfortably, as Bryan continued the ruse of working.

The crack smiled at her mockingly and Donna got the notion in her head to teach it a lesson. She was beyond the point of desperate, and beyond the point of being able to hold what felt like 2 liters of piss. She leaned back a bit, holding the tub side and spread her legs. The plumber's left hand had disappeared around the front of him, and she could deduce what he was doing. He was rubbing his crotch. She placed one hand over her pussy and spread lips with two fingers.

She sprayed a stream through the air and it forcefully landed right behind him. He dropped his wrench and it clanged loudly covering the sound of her piss splash. She pushed a bit more and the arc extended. She watched it rise up his ass, and hit right above his jeans line. She pissed hard against it like a backboard and it sprayed all over and ran down his crack.

«Yeah...I totally deserved that!» Bryan said and turned around to face her. She continued pissing and with a smile on her face now.

He unzipped his jeans and kneeled before her, pulling out his throbbing cock. Donna pissed and pissed and drenched his jerking hand, up his shirt and pushing harder and leaning further back pissed right up in his face.

«Yes you do deserve that!» Donna said and wiggled her fingers a bit over her clit so that she would enjoy this even more. The stream diffused and she showered up in the air. She was horny as fuck now, and had relieved most of the pressure. She finished her piss for now, as he wanked heartily in front of her. «I'll just give you a bit of privacy now.» She said, knowing that would really get to him. She stood up and walked away into the hall. He stood up, grabbing his jeans that had fallen to his ankles. «Oh you cant leave me like this now Donna baby.»

Let me slide my cock up inside that piss wet cunt and we'll fuck like you've never been fucked before. Donna normally would laugh at a man saying stupid shit like that and not pay it any mind, but after what she'd just done, she really did want to fuck, and now.

She stood in the hall on the wet rug and pulled her shirt off and threw it at him. Bryan took that as a yes, and followed her into the hallway.

He kneeled in front of her, and she hiked her skirt up over his face. His tongue found her huge clit right away and he licked and sucked and stuck a finger up her dripping cunt. Donna moaned with abandon and her hands gripped his head, fingers through his hair. He continued masturbating and licking and his cunt-juicey finger then found her backside's little pink pucker. His tongue implanted in her cunt and he used his nose to frig her nub. He pressed into her asshole with that wet finger and it slid in slowly.

All of a sudden Donna began to piss again, right into his mouth. Her back was against the wall, his finger in her ass and she felt the rush of an orgasm coming on.

Bryan stood up and put both hands on her ass. The finger still probed. She had stopped pissing now and he lifted her up on the wall and his erect cock pointed straight up, having no trouble at all finding her vagina. He penetrated her and thrust upward, his fat cock banging and his balls beginning to tighten.

She looked down at him, his hair wet, his face smeared with cunt juice and told him; «Do it faster! Man I'm gonna cum!» «That is all I needed to hear.» The plumber said through clenched teeth, and he slammed harder, his cock swelling up, his pelvic bone bumping against her engorged clit.

«Yes! Fuck YES! UHhhh yeah Fix my leaky faucet plumber!» She cried and pissed again. He felt her vagina tighten up, and she pissed and came both at the same time and a hot gush poured down his balls and he thrust one more time. «Yeah just gotta tighten up a few things right» He said and then sprayed a jet of jizz deep inside her pulsing pussy then and grunted loudly. «Uhhh!»

He stood there with his head back spurting and spurting. She had stopped her gush and they panted, sweating, and he let her back slide down the wall until her feet rested on the squishy carpet.

«Well I think I fixed your leak there.» He said smiling at her. He withdrew his finger from her ass and she pulled down her skirt which had been up around her waist.

«Yeah, thanks.» She replied, trying not to swoon from the intensity of their fucking.

«No extra charge for that ma'am.» The plumber said, pulled up his jeans and put his tool away.

"Looks like your'e the one with the leak." She told him with a smirk and pointed at his wet jeans.

