A Desperate Traffic Jam (fiction)

10th June 2007, 12:52 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Travis shifted in his seat, unable to ignore his straining bladder. The traffic jam had no end in sight, and the summer sun had beat down hot all day, making Travis and his friend Darren thirsty. They were now stuck on a long overpass, packed tight with other cars and with the AC running full blast. Travis could find no comfortable position-- each one reminded him how painfully full he was and how it was only getting worse. He prayed that the traffic would get moving again. He didn't know what he would do if he didn't get somewhere he could piss, very very soon.

"You got a problem there buddy?" asked Darren, laughing. "Aw fuck you."

The car inched along, the low radio droning like the buzz of an insect. Travis found his leg jiggling automatically in an effort to relieve the pressure. Darren glanced over a few times and then said,

"Man, I got to piss too. This traffic better let up or I'm 'bout to whip it out right here."

Travis laughed, but the thought of doing so almost made him leak a little. His bladder was sending primitive, urgent signals for release, and he was unable to do anything but clench his muscles and jiggle his leg. He was afraid he would have to hold himself soon. The jerks and starts of the car as it moved were not helping. He could feel all the water and soda he drank that day sloshing inside his swollen bladder, pushing it to its limits and demanding release as even more liquid tried to force its way in. He put his hand on his stomach and found a painful bulge where it usually was flat. The movement of the seatbelt over his abdomen was almost enough to make him lose it completely as he shifted again, desperate for any kind of relief.

"Shit," he muttered. "Darren, you got to get us out of here. I have to piss now."

"I'm moving as fast as I can. Just hold it."

"I can't. I'm serious."

"Just piss out the door or something."

"With all these people right here? And kids? I'll get arrested."

"Well just hold it man, we'll get off the next exit."

Travis groaned. At the rate they were moving, the next exit wouldn't be for another half hour, at least. He didn't think he could make it that far. His leg was nearly jumping now, hitting the bottom of the dashboard as he clenched his fist against the waves of pain and urgency. Darren seemed to be paying little attention now, focused on the road and growing more impatient with the traffic. As they jerked forward once more, the sudden jolt was too much and Travis felt his muscles weaken momentarily, a long, hot jet of piss spurting into his boxers until he gained control of himself again. It soaked into the fabric and dripped down his balls, the sensation almost making him lose it again. He shoved his hand into his pocket and looked down, seeing a small wet spot on his jeans, slowly growing larger.

At this sudden movement Darren looked over and laughed. Clear in the sunlight, the wet patch on Travis's jeans was shining as another burst of hot piss shot out of his desperate, pinched dick. Travis squirmed to keep back the flood.

"Damn, man! What the fuck are you doing?"

"I can't help it! I told you I had to fucking piss!"

"Not in my car you don't!"

"You tell that to my bladder."

Darren scowled and stared forward at the traffic. "I got to piss too but you don't see me wetting my pants. I'll hold it till we get off the exit and so will you."

Travis squeezed his dick through his pocket, shifting down in his seat to lessen the pressure-- but it did not lessen at all, and only made him more conscious of his bladder as the liquid sloshed inside. He groaned and grabbed at the outside of his crotch with his free hand, all modesty lost. Another desperate jet of piss surged out and he felt it soak through his jeans to his palm. The clammy coldness of his wet boxers was flushed with warmth again and the surge of heat prompted another spurt, uncontrollable, lasting a couple seconds and creating a wet patch the size of a softball on the front of Travis' jeans. He felt it dripping down his leg and knew it must be pooling on the seat.

"I'm fucking pissing," he hissed at Darren, gripping his dick with both hands and bending forward. "Just, drive through the shoulder, fuck, do something! I am going to fucking piss myself right now!"

"Ok, ok, I'm trying! I can't get over!"

Just as traffic began to move again, Darren turned the wheel quickly and jerked across the next lane, met with many honking horns as Travis sat half-standing in his seat and bent over, desperately clutching himself with his legs tangled together. Darren swerved to a stop when they hit another wall of cars and Travis moaned, tendrils of wetness snaking themselves down his thighs as he held on for dear life. The quick braking jarred his bladder and he pressed back against the seat, contorting his legs to try and control the overwhelming pressure of the floods that beat against his weary muscles. Piss leaked out steadily, a slow dripping that soaked through his boxers but did nothing to lessen his desperation.

Darren, too, was visibly agitated, glancing at his friend constantly and picking at his dick through his pocket, shifting and cursing under his breath. Another space opened up to their right and Darren swerved into place, the sudden movement of his legs on the pedals causing him to lose control for just one moment, a small wet spot of his own pooling up on his jeans. Travis noticed none of this, concerned only with stopping what felt like Niagra Falls from bursting out of him.

"Alright," said Darren nervously, "The exit's just up there, we're in the exit lane now. If we take the emergency lane we'll get pulled over by that highway cop up there."

"I don't care," hissed Travis. "I am pissing. I AM PISSING. We have to get out NOW."

"We'll get there quicker than if we get pulled over!"

Travis moaned again and clutched so hard on the armrest that his knuckles turned white. The car jerked forward again and he felt an uncontrollable, violent surge, and though he squirmed and pinched to contain it, nothing could stop it from bursting out, hot and rushing, streaming around his cock and balls and soaking dark into his jeans. He could not stem the flow. It ran over his hand in his pocket, squirting through his fingers and pooling between his legs on the vinyl seating, filling the air with the hissing sound of desperate, long-held piss.

"Shit, man!" cried Darren. "Fuck! What the fuck are you doing!"

Travis' mouth and throat were too dry to respond. He only groaned and shut his eyes, letting go of his dick and giving up the fight, letting the full pressure of his piss surge out from his bladder. The swollen bulge on his stomach began to grow smaller as the liquid poured out, streaming down his legs and into his socks and shoes, squishing around his feet and soaking into the floormat. He could hear Darren shouting profanities and urging him to stop but there was no way to hold back the tides. He felt like his dick was stretched wider than ever before with the power of the stream, and the massive, orgasmic relief as it drained from him left him unable to move. He only twitched a leg now and then as the flood took its course. It soaked up into his shirt and he knew that his wallet and cell phone must be ruined in his back pockets, submerged in the pool of hot, desperate urine that has collected in the bucket seat.

When the stream finally lessened and Travis felt the weight of his bladder finally gone, he opened his eyes to see an enraged Darren with a bagel-sized wet spot on his own pants, and the staring eyes of the people in neighboring vehicles. Travis felt his face flush with embarrassment and looked down at himself. His jeans and most of his legs were soaked with urine, blatantly obvious on the denim. Between his legs was a pool of steaming piss, unable to soak any further into the saturated fabric. It continued to run down his legs and drip onto the floor long after he was finished, and Darren stared in awe and anger until a blast from someone's horn reminded him to drive forward.

Catching his breath, Travis said, "I told you I had to fucking piss. I had to piss. If I could have stopped it I would have. We got to get out of here."

"This is NOT FUCKING COOL!" said Darren. "Look what you done to my car! This is not cool. I got to piss like a racehorse man, watching you did not help, we got to get off this exit!"

The piss was cooling now, and Travis found his dick hardening in response to the tingling sensation. It rubbed against the wet fabric, sending a shock of pleasure through Travis' body. He began to watch the desperation of his friend in earnest, taking pleasure in it and growing harder as he realized that Darren might not make it himself.

"Ohh shit," murmured Darren, pinching himself. Shining wetness welled up around his fly and then soaked back into the fabric, widening the wet spot already present. "Fuck. I got to fucking piss!"

"Now you know how it feels," said Travis.

"This ain't funny. I got to get off that exit. I'm not gonna be able to hold it."

Slowly, the car inched forward, the exit sign coming into view and proclaiming it to be in another half-mile. Darren cursed under his breath and pinched himself harder. Travis, trying to be discreet, slipped his hand into his pocket and rubbed himself, aroused so heavily that the lightest touch made him shiver. Darren was oblivious to all of this. He shifted in his seat and nearly hit the car in front of him as he jerked his foot off the brake in response to an urgent contraction of his bladder, nearly losing control.

"Fuck! Fuck!" Lost to coherent thought, Darren threw the car in neutral and grabbed at himself with both hands. More wetness welled up through the fabric of his jeans, running in dark streaks down his thighs. Travis rubbed himself harder. Darren squirmed and panted, but an angry honk from behind forced him to straighten out and drive forward. Piss seeped out slowly around his hand as he sat back down in the seat. Travis could see it trickling down his friends' legs and pooling on the vinyl. He knew it would only be a matter of minutes before the battle was lost. He felt himself near climax just thinking about it, so he withdrew his hand and shifted to let the fabric of his jeans rub against him in anticipation.

Darren drove the car forward again, bent over his grabbing hand, twisting his legs around. The exit was in sight now, but not in reach. The look on his face suggested that he realized he could not possibly make it. His wet patch grew slowly larger, and he bent over with his face contorted in pain, squeezing and twisting until letting out a panicked moan that let Travis know the floodgates had burst. He shoved his hand back into his pocket and rubbed franticly to orgasm as rivers of hot, desperate piss streamed down Darren's legs, bursting visibly through the fabric, hissing and spurting through his futile fingers.

Darren cursed and squirmed but nothing stopped it. He half-stood and waterfalls of urine splashed down from his jeans, running uncontrollably and loudly into the yellow pool in the seat. Drivers around him honked and stared. Travis groaned aloud as he shot his wad into his jeans, overwhelmed by his friend's enormous flood. Darren finally gave in and sat back down in his lake of piss, relaxing his muscles and letting it all go. The stream only increased, shooting out the front of his pants and splashing back into the pool, which ran over the sides of the seat and soaked into the floor. Darren's hands were limp on the steering wheel and he let out a low groan of pleasure. His pants were even more soaked with piss than Travis' and his seat was full to the brim with wet, steaming urine, still surging with force out of Darren's huge bladder.

"Holy shit," murmured Travis. "How long did you have to go?"

"I just hold it. I never..." Darren was visibly distressed. "I don't wet myself. I been holding it since last night."

"All that beer?!"

Darren nodded. Still his flood showed no signs of ceasing. He began to drive forward again but still his stream surged, hissing and splashing and sloshing. Finally, they had come to the exit. Darren took it with a sigh and they pulled off at the closest sign of woods. Travis, empty, didn't need to get out anymore, but Darren scurried out of his seat with the car still running, pouring piss as he went, whipped out his streaming dick and ran into the woods, still pissing with steady force.

Travis watched in awe. From his vantage point he could still see his friend, legs akimbo, watering a tree with his head thrown back. He could almost hear the sighs of relief. His stream glinted in the sunlight, and Travis was amazed at how it still ran. Finally, Darren finished, tried to wipe off his soaking legs with some leaves and came sheepishly back to the car. His pants were soaked past the knees, saturated to their ultimate limit with desperate, still-hot piss. He stared at the trail of urine on the asphalt and the huge puddle on his seat and floor, then looked over to Travis, who was flushed and sitting in his own huge puddle. All they could do was laugh.

