Lords of the Infinite Sea � Chapter 3: An Unexpected Friend

12th June 2013, 12:13 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

If you enjoy this chapter, you'll be glad to know I've figured out how the story ends. It came to me while I was writing the climactic scene of this chapter and, although I still don't have much in the way of details yet, even in my own head, I know that there will be two more chapters after this one. Enjoy!

###

The sun was beginning to rise as a naked slave girl ran through the streets, a folded sheet of paper clutched in one hand, callused, bare feet slapping rhythmically on the cobblestones, breasts bobbing in time. Her hair, shaved raggedly both on her scalp and between her legs some time ago, was now a black fuzz that did little to hide a fading bruise on the back of her head. The reddish light streaking the buildings, mostly stone this close to the river, made Jurhold seem a different, wilder place than it did during the day, but she was used to this journey at any and all hours and navigated the twisting streets with little thought. The few people up and about at this time either ignored her -- another slave in a city full of them -- or else nodded or waved familiarly, which greetings she returned as best she could without slowing.

Elia sighed as a cool, morning breeze tickled her already-aroused vagina lips. Maybe she could find time a little later to visit Alfred, if she could verify the cargo and return quickly. Ten minutes ago, she had been pressed up against the wall in her small sleeping quarters in the back of George Farthon's house on Hemlock Street, the Master's left hand on her shoulder and his sweat in her nostrils as he undid the buttons of his pants with his right hand and pulled out his thick, already-hard penis. "Gods," he said, gesturing at it, "look at the state you put me in every day! It's been years since Violet could do that." Master George was married to Mistress Violet, which Elia understood to mean that they had agreed to let no one but each other see their genitals -- though, in practice, this exclusion appeared only to apply to free people.

"I'm sorry, Master George," she said, because that was what he wanted her to say. His hair, though still mostly brown, had a few streaks of grey and his brown eyes looked out of a face that was starting to have too many wrinkles to be called youthful.

"As you should be." He ran a thick finger along the edges of her vagina lips. "At least I see you're already wet and ready to fix it. Good. Spread your legs a bit more." Putting his hands on her buttocks, he lifted her a few inches and rammed his penis into her vagina, stretching it and rubbing and sending a jolt of pleasure through her that she would actually have enjoyed if she didn't already know how it would end. "Mmmm," he moaned, shoving himself all the way in, her bare breasts rubbing against his rough, cotton shirt.

"That's the stuff." He shoved it in again, making her shiver involuntarily, then he gasped, and she felt his penis jerk and spray inside her. He leaned against her, pressing her back against the plaster wall, as his penis softened and contracted out of her now-tingling vagina. She wanted more, and knew from experience that she'd never get it from him. Last week she'd made bold to beg for it, and he'd only slapped her in the face so hard her head had snapped back against the wall. So, she said nothing as he recovered himself and pulled away from her letting her slide down the wall to her feet while he took out a stained, originally-white handkerchief, wiped his penis dry and put both penis and handkerchief away. He then picked up the cargo manifest for the Trumpetfish and held it out to her. "Well, hurry up, then," he'd said, brusquely.

Now, Burr the market slave looked up from sweeping the flagstones as she ran through South Market Square, and called out, "Morning, Elia!" His penis was as shrivelled and wrinkled as his elderly face, and he had kind, blue eyes. She caught herself wondering if that penis ever hardened anymore, and whether she could put it to the test. Instead, she glanced up at the statue of Jormund the Impressor on its 50-foot-tall pedestal in the centre of the square, and quickened her pace a bit. It was in the shadow of that granite column that she had got her first proper glimpse of Jurhold, fifteen years ago.

Strangers had packed her and her fellow six-year-old island children in a covered cart after the sailors she'd been raised to call Sea Lords had unloaded them from their ship, and, the next time she saw sunlight, Burr was guiding her, with his gentle smile, onto the slave-auction stage below the statue. A clamour of voices, men (and a few women) in unfamiliar clothing clustered about, watching, as the auctioneer showed off her small body, a few yelling figures as the auctioneer encouraged them, and it was over long before she understood what was going on. Master George and his wife had had to teach her what it was to be a slave.

As she turned the corner onto Bastion Street, Elia saw a woman in a well-cut, blue dress, slightly stained about the hem, blonde hair escaping from what must have once been a very neat hairdo, stagger slightly as she made her slow way along the footpath at the side of the street. The woman grimaced as she righted herself, and, glancing about to ensure no men were about, clutched at her crotch with one hand for a moment before continuing on her way. A freewoman returning home from a late party, a bit drunk, with a full bladder. Elia had never truly understood why, but freewomen (and many of the men) were like that, often putting themselves in a great deal of discomfort to avoid letting anyone see them pee.

Violet Farthon was the same, even when it made no sense. One spring day a few years ago, Elia had been arranging Master George's papers on the desk in his office while he was off negotiating for cargo space aboard the Wind's Mistress and Violet had been in her chamber up-stairs. She paused in her work as she heard the mistress' voice from yelling; it sounded like "Out! Out, now!" Before Elia could decide whether she should respond to this in any manner (she was leaning toward ignoring it), Alfred had come down the stairs at a trot, sweat on his broad, brown chest and in his short, curly hair. Alfred was a few years older than Elia and belonged to the widow Logan next door, though she often lent him out to her friends and Elia was used to seeing him in the Farthon house.

"What's going on up there?" she asked.

He grinned. "Oh, she just needs a pee. Bit funny, your mistress -- here she is, naked as you, beggin' me to make her feel good, if you know what I mean, and that don't bother her at all. But when it comes to sittin' on the chamber pot, well, she couldn't possibly have anyone in the room for that."

"Wait, begging for your penis?'

"Sure, why do you think I'm over here so often?"

She grinned, embarrassed. "I guess don't know why I'm surprized, given how the Master's penis is."

"Had a taste of that, have you?"

"Just a taste. I don't think he's got more than that in him."

He nodded. "Then you're not leaking like that 'cause you're glad to see me. Still, if there's ever anything I can do to help you..."

"Oh, yes, please!"

They'd been meeting a few times a week since then. Now, Elia looked at the drunken freewoman and grinned. Risking her master's displeasure later for the delay, she passed the party-goer and then stopped, squatted in the gutter at the edge of the footpath, and, breathing heavily, relaxed her body. It took a moment, because she hadn't really had to go that badly, but soon her own pee began to trickle out, causing a pleasant, if teasing, sensation on her already-aroused sex and a slight tinkling sound as it fell into last night's rain already in the gutter. She enjoyed peeing out-of-doors, if only because it was something she could do that the clothes-wearers couldn't -- and that feeling of freedom was only enhanced when she heard a loud gasp from behind her, followed by a slight moan and the woman screaming, "Oh! you little slut-BITCH!"

Forcing her face into an expression of polite confusion, Elia risked a look over her shoulder to see the freewoman leaning against the wall, unashamedly clutching her crotch with both hands, as a darker blue stain spread from there down her fine dress. She had accidentally lifted the hem high enough to show off her ankles to anyone who had happened to be around, although nobody except Elia was. "I'm so sorry about your dress, Mistress," Elia said, politely, trying not to show how funny she thought the scene was. She shook her hips to dislodge a droplet clinging to her short hairs, and stood up.

"You did this on purpose, slut!" the freewoman shouted, still helplessly peeing in her dress.

"I assure you, I didn't mean any harm, mistress," Elia replied. "Goodbye!" And she ran off before the freewoman could recover and attempt to punish her. As she turned the next corner into River Road, she started laughing so hard she couldn't see where she was going, and all but crashed into a lamp-post.

River Road was aptly named, almost too much so, for it ran along the North bank of the great Garath River, its South side all docks for several miles inside Jurhold. This was one such area, and even this early in the morning, there was some activity as some ships were loaded or unloaded in time to take advantage of an early tide. The air was full of salt and the shouts of dockworkers and of sailors getting an early start on their shore-leave and its associated drinking and whoring. Elia quickly found her way to the Trumpetfish's berth, the three-masted schooner's prow decorated with a carving so old and so weather-worn that she couldn't tell what it was meant to be, and showed the manifest, with her master's signature, to one of the sailors.

The first time her master had sent her to meet a ship, he'd not told her what cargo she was meeting. Elia had only just begun learning to read at Master George's orders, so as to better help him in his office, so she didn't recognize the word "slaves" in the middle of the paper he gave her. She had therefore been surprized when she had managed to talk her way into the hold of the Kolkon II, to find 170 naked, scared, six-year-old children of both genders waiting there to be led away.

For just a moment, she thought herself one of them, remembering her own children's day ceremony, her own ship ride. The ship had stopped at several islands like her own to get a full load of slaves, and the trip had been long, dark, and mostly spent in the same space as someone's vomit, often her own. "Well?" the captain prompted. "Do you agree they're all here and all in good condition?" The same words her master had used to describe her role: "See that the cargo is all there and all in good condition." She didn't want to be involved in this, not from this end.

Elia shook her head to clear it. She considered saying they weren't, refusing them, but she doubted the sailors would take them back to their islands; they'd only sell them to some other businessman. And Master George would likely beat her, if he didn't kill her. Better for everyone if Master George should sell them. "Yes," she said, after a moment. "All here and all healthy." Then she led the children off the ship and into the warehouse Farthon had shown her the day before. The master had been happy with her work, and happier when the slaves had been sold at a profit, and Elia never saw them again, as far as she knew.

Elia had since overseen the receipt of slave children five times, and always felt convinced that she was doing the wrong thing, even though she couldn't think of anything better to do. She was glad that the Trumpetfish carried oranges, chocolate and various spices for George Farthon and Co., because she didn't have to look these commodities in the eye and bid them follow her off the ship; it was enough to inspect them and point out Master George's warehouse so that the dock labourers the captain had hired to unload his ship could carry them over. It was as she finished this and began to head back down River Road with the morning sun now shining gold on the water and the docks, that she noticed a movement in the water between the Trumpetfish and the Sethian's Whore, which was docked beside her. At first, she thought it a pike waiting for cast-off food near the ships, but she quickly saw that it was too big for that.

She leaned over the edge of the dock and saw a man and a woman, slaves by their lack of clothes, huddling together in the water. Despite the warmth of the spring morning, Elia was sure the water would be too cold to stay there for long. "Hey," she said. The two of them jumped, the man striking his head on a low cross-beam, and, letting go of each other, began to swim toward the Sethian's Whore. "Wait," said Elia, "I don't know who you're hiding from, but it's not me. I won't give you away."

They paused, treading water, and, for the first time, looked up at Elia. They were young, surely no older than Elia herself. The woman's hair was straight and black and the man's brown and curly, and both hadn't been cut in a while and were plastered to their heads and bodies with water. Their skin was brown, as though they had been used to spending most of their time out of doors but had recently been confined for a period. The woman stared at Elia for a moment, then her green eyes and her mouth opened in surprize. "No!" she murmured. "It's not possible." Then, a bit louder, "Elia?"

"Kala, how can you know her?" asked the man. "We're on the other side of the sea!"

"But, my name is Elia," Elia said, surprized. "How do you know?"

"It's me, Kala," the woman said. And, when Elia showed no recognition, she added, "God, it's been, what, 15 years? I haven't seen you since you went with the Sea Lords, but we were children together. Mother Hise nursed us both and Mother Klara put us to work in the fields. Temas was there, too," she added, nodding to her companion.

"Kala?" Elia stared. "Kala! Gods, I'd never recognize you. Wait, how are you here? Didn't Mother Cat pick you?"

"That's a long story, and the water's cold," said Temas. "My penis is so small, I'm afraid it might have fallen off. Can you help us out of here?"

"Oh! of course. Look, the easiest way is if you swim that way, past the ship, there's a ladder for sailors who fall in."

Kala and Temas were soon following Elia down the docks toward Master George's warehouse. Nobody paid much attention to three naked slaves, even when two of them were wet and shivering and insisted upon staring about them as though they'd never seen a dock before. Kala was wringing the water out of her hair. They were lucky for the spring weather, Elia thought; she had no idea what could be used to dry them off, but in a little while, it would be warm enough that they'd dry naturally. Already Temas' penis, which had indeed been quite shrivelled, was beginning to perk up, and Elia couldn't help looking at it with a shiver of excitement in her vagina. She looked away.

She led them toward the office area at the back of the warehouse, which she knew Master George never used, past the piles of goods and the only slightly curious dock workers, both clothed and naked, who were still piling the Trumpetfish's cargo in any available space. Some glanced at Kala's and Elia's fit bodies as they passed, but nobody seemed ready to question what business they had in there.

Kala looked at the labourers, too, taking in their muscular bodies and, in the case of the slaves, their penises in various stages of erection. Elia didn't notice that her childhood friend had fallen behind until she heard Kala's voice from behind her: "Have you time to take a break from your own work to do God's?" she was asking a slave in his mid-20s, with sandy-blond hair cut as short as Elia's.

"Wow," he responded, "it's been a while since I heard those words, and never directed at me."

"Kala --" Elia began.

"What?" asked Kala. "I haven't seen any man besides Temas in a long time, and..."

"It does get a bit tedious after a while," Temas agreed. "Would you be up for it, Elia?"

"I'll tell you what," said the man, grinning, his penis hardening. "I've one more box to move for my earthly master, and then we'll see about making the one upstairs happy."

"Great!" said Kala. "I'll be waiting with my friends." He hurried off.

Elia looked down at Temas' penis again, and her vagina, which had been watering slightly since she left Master George, began to dribble, causing a shiny snail-trail down the inside of her right leg. "Gods, yes," she answered. She was already late back, anyway. "You don't know how much I'd be up for it. Come on over here."

She led Kala and Temas into the office, out of the view of the other labourers. It was a small, stone room with a desk and a pair of chairs, simple things possibly left by the warehouse's last owners if the layer of dust on them was anything to go by. Kala watched with an amused expression on her face as Elia awkwardly stroked Temas' penis, and licked it as she had sometimes done with Alfred's. By the time these efforts had an effect, the dock-worker had found them, and took Kala over against a wall as Elia sat on the desk and spread her legs. Temas grinned as he examined her closely, taking his time, teasing her slightly with his fingers and then the head of his penis applied to everywhere between her hard nipples and her vagina opening.

She squirmed a bit on the hard desk. Alfred had never done this, preferring to get right to the point, a workman with a task to perform. Temas made it an art. "Mmm," she moaned, "That's nice, but aren't you supposed to put it inside me?"

"I was getting to that." From the other side of the room, Kala and her partner were gasping in time as he skewered her, pressing her buttocks against the stone wall. Now, Temas pushed his organ into Elia's vagina, the engorged head brushing her lips teasingly before it stretched her inside in a manner that spread pleasure throughout her body. He drew out the movement, slowly filling her up, his arms around her back, until finally the fur around the base of his penis mingled with the shorn bristles around her own sex and tickled her lips and the hyper-sensitive button at the top of them. She groaned and pulled him into her with her arms and legs, her nipples rubbing against his sparse chest hair, and shivered as she felt the head of his penis barely brush the back of her tunnel. All of these sensations combined into a glorious feeling of exotic splendour. Her entire body felt on edge, as though the slightest touch could set off -- the gods only knew what.

And that touch came as Temas moved, pulling away from her. As his rod rubbed against her inside of her vagina, she yelled, shuddering and arching her back, a climax like a thunderclap filling her body. It was over in a second, yet so powerful that she collapsed against Temas' arms, knowing nothing, for a moment, save the wave of pleasure. When her mind began to clear a bit, the first thing she knew was Temas' penis penetrating her and drawing back, his chest against her own, his breathing in her ears. "You wanted that ... didn't you?" he gasped, and she could only nod as his proximity, his smell of sweat, the sensation of his penis inside her, sent tremors through her body.

She put arms and legs around him again, pulling him into her again to touch that spot in the depths of her body and letting him out again reluctantly, only to force him into her again. It was as though some great spring inside her was being wound tighter, its wires vibrating with pleasure, ready at any moment to snap. But it didn't, not yet, though Elia could focus on nothing outside her own body and his. Kala's screams as she was ploughed by the dock worker faded to nothing in her mind; there was nothing, save her body against Temas' and the increasing delight of their contact, more than before her previous climax, surely more than enough to split her body in two; though that did not occur.

No, Temas split open first; or so she thought in a confused, radiant moment of bliss, beyond the ability to care much if he had done. She felt his penis explode liquidly inside her, the shaft jerking repeatedly, stretching her even more; and the spring snapped. She had no knowledge but of a thunderous, pounding, glorious wave of pleasure, of her entire body vibrating like a violin string; a moment that stretched itself out and out beyond the normal limits of time.

And when that moment was over, she knew not how long after, she found herself clutching Temas to her chest, his shrinking penis dragging itself out of her body, the two of them fallen backward onto the desk with him on top of her.

They righted themselves after a moment. Kala was already saying goodbye to her partner, the latter doubtless hoping to get back to his master in time to make it appear he'd been working the whole time. "So," said Elia, after he'd left, "how did you guys get here? The more I think about it, the more I think both of you were sponsored at that last Children's Day."

