Reality Peeing - a true account of a pee party

10th July 2009, 07:02 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

After reading many stories of pee parties both on this site and others I have reached the conclusion most stories are fiction, or at least heavily embelleshed. Theres nothing wrong with this, these erotic stories make for excellent reading. Just ask my husband!

The purpose of this post is to relate truthfully an account of a party which my husband and I recently attended. I suppose it may be a bit dull compared to some other stories, but it is the truth. Reality is often not as pleasant as immagination, of fiction.

First, heres some background: I'm Emily, my husband is Josh, and we have been married for a little bit over a year. I'm 24, he's 25. I'm a registered nurse, hes in the HVAC feild. I was raised as a nudist, Josh became a nudist while we were dating. Being raised a nudist often brought about occasions of casual peeing, both with friends and alone. While in college I took a class on sexual fetishes and was amazed to learn peeing is a fetish enjoyed by both men and women, admittedly a small percentage however.

After learning about this fetish, I decided to experiment and the next time Josh and I were in the shower, I let go. Immediately he reacted by producing and instant erection. Within minutes we were on the bed enjoying the results of my little experiment. Soon we both were peeing outside at concerts and while hiking. I found it just as exciting as he did to watch. Watching soon led to more experimentation, in the shower, Soon we were both comfortable in giving and receiving golden showers from one another.

One day while chatting with a neighbor of my rents - A married woman who along with her husband are into swinging and bondage, I asked her if they ever tried peeing. She admitted they had, but told me it really was not an interest for them. She did however know another couple into it and asked if we might be interested in meeting them. I was really hesitant to do this, but Josh and I agreed to meet them at her place one Saturday night.

We finally met, They were Bill and Mary in their early 40's and explained they were part of a small informal group of people who enjoyed this elete "sport". Finally we agreed to attend their next get together, whenever they decided to have another. They dont get together often, maybe about 6 times a year. This way she explained everythign remains fresh for them.

There was no peeing together that night but they promised there would me plenty at their next party. They also told us that we would be the main attraction and have to undergo an "initiation". When Josh asked about the initiation all mary said was "use your immagination". We were also told that for this time only we couldnt refuse anything but after the initiation we could refuse aything anytime in the future. Mary gave us a couple of hints about what and how to drink in the 24 hours before the party.

Finally the initiation came, Josh and I attended the party with 6 other couples and passed and were accepted into the group. The initiation consisted of few activities except for a group golden shower then individual showers. Josh and I had the best sex ever starting the minute we returned home.

Three weeks ago we received another invitation to attend our 4th party. By now we know everyone and despite some diffferences in all our ages were comfortable socalizing with them.

Here's the reality part: There is not continuous 60 minute an hour peeing. It just does not happen. Preparation for us began early in the week, gathering clothing and other items and throwing them in a travel bag. Both Josh and I wear either shorts and a tee shirt, or sweats, Generally we don't bother with underware, unless I'm on my period. We also take along plenty of shampoo, toothpaste, mouthwash, soap, deoderant, a hair drier and at least two changes of clothing. We take all this stuff to nudist parties too.

The party begins like any other, its all social, everyone generally splinters off generally by sex, The guys gether around the TV to watch sports, or NASCAR or the like, us women generaly talk about the family (who are always safetly at grandmothers for the evening). When we all arive we have been consuming liquids at an accelerated rate for the past 24 hours and we continue as soon as the party starts. Generally within the first half hour has someone has to pee, We usually wait for an additional 15 or 20 minutes, just to make things interesting. In this 20 or so minutes generally someone has volunteered to "assist" by telling everyone there what they want.

One woman in her late 40's is content to remain fully dressed and be peed on. Some get partially undressed, others like me have to be 100% naked to enjoy the evening. For the most aprt everyone is able to pee at least once an hour, sometimes once every 90 minutes. Usually everyone pees, tastes, drinks, or is peed on at least twice during the evening. When there is no entertainment this party is like any other, people talking about politics, their job situation (or for some their job search), or just about anything in particular, even their sex lives. Some wear robes, some towels, some put on clean sweats after running through the shower, others like Josh and myself stay 100% naked. Parties last about 4 hours and during this time we generally eat pizza, of something else prepared by the hosting couple. Portable vynal swimming pools seem to be a staple for these parties, unless its summer and we have a private pool in the backyard.

Whats the real attraction in attending these parties? Its the socal factor, knowing other couples also enjoy something so personal yet necessary. Everyone reports great sex after they get home. once in a while one of the participants may ask to be masturbated for their birthday but this occurs only on their birthday.

Well, thats the real story, sorry its not as exciting as others, but it is real.

Emily and Josh

