A Fun Saturday With Kathy And Friends Part 4

16th June 2009, 11:10 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

A short time later after which Kathy and I had another beer my old friend Dave and Kerry showed up. Dave was there first and Kerry came about a half hour later. Dave came out of the house with Terry. Dave saw me and Kathy and they both came right over to us. Terry introduced Kathy to Dave before I could do it. Dave laughed and called me a bunghole which I laughed. So I asked him back; Dave any footprints on the inside top of your car? He laughed hard looking at Terry and her face turned a little red but she aslo laughed. Kathy looked at us with a quizical expresion on her face. I told her that I would tell her later.

So Dave and Terry sat with Kathy and I which Dave and I filled in each other on what had been going on with each other and Kathy and terry talked as Dave and I talked. We all had drank some more eer while Terry was drinking wine coolers. Then Kerry showed up and Debbie was with him when Kerry walked into the backyard. Seeing Dave,Terry,myself, and Kathy both of them came right over to us and they sat down with us.

This time I introduced Kathey to Kerry before Terry did. So kerry filled in Dave and I what he had been up to and what he was doing now. By the time everyone had filled each other what was happening almost a hour had passed and the softball game was going to start. So we went over with the assembling group and the teams got picked which included a mix of men,women,boys,and girls on both sides. As it turned out us six were on the same team.

We took te field first. It was slow pitch style softball which gave everyone a chance that they would get a hit on the ball. This was more fair for the younger players and older players. The other team scored a few runs and then the last out was made and now our side was up to bat. We alternated as far as girl boy as the batters. I would follow Kathy,Dave would follow Terry,and Kerry followed Debbie. Kathy and I were towards the last batters so we both thought that we would not be up to bat this inning.

I figured that now would be a good time to take a piss whch I had to do. I told Kathy I had to go see a man about a horse. She laughed and told me I hope you find one! She didn't have to go this time so I walked into the house to use the bathroom. Again like earlier it was occupied so I went outside and hurried down into the woods heading back down to the little creek where Kathy and I pissed earlier.

I reached the bottom of the short hill and stood again by te side of the litle creek pulled down my zipper real fast and very quickly pulled my penis out of my shorts. I reallyhad to piss! I started going the instant I had my penis out of my shorts. I sent a hard wide twisted stream of piss though the air which cleared the creek landing well past the other side of it which it came down hard on some leaves a bush a good seven feet away from where I was standing.

I let out a long sigh of relief! It felt one good that I was pissing and two I managed to get my penis out with out wetting myself. My body at first was tense for the bad need to go but now as I stood there pissing I started to relax for the urgency to go so bad was over. I'm sure you now what that feels like! I kept on going and then I better speed things up for the game was going on and I didn;t want to either miss my time at bat or not be there if we had to take the field again.

So I started pushing and my stream lept forward almost another foot or more. Now my bladder would empty out much faster! It did but it still took me a long time to piss before I would wind up stopping. After a short time more pissing my stream just started easing off and now had come back and I was pissing into the creek making a loud splash. That is when from behind me came the sound of Jeannie Talmans laughter!

Then as I tryed to cut my piss stream off hearing her laughter behind me which I only made my steream slow but not stop. Jeannie said to me loudly; I got to see your well know horse in action! After all Debbie and Terry saw it years ago! Now all of us Tallman girls have seen your horse! I still hadn't gotten my piss stream to stop. It still was comming out and it still was landing in the creeks water. To hell with it I said to myself. So I let up on my bearing down trying to stop my stream and went back to pushing.

My stream rose right up and moved forward across the creek and came out and reachec about a foot from the other side of the creek wetting the front side of some leaves on a bush. My piss splattered all over. Now Jeannie had come down the hill and had stepped over to one side of me about three feet to my side. She took glances at here my stream was weting the leaves of the bush and also at my penis in my hand.

You know Victor Jeannie said to me; You do take the hardest pisses for a boy I have ever seen! Debbie and Terry are right! Then she laughed. I couldn't help now but smile at her remark. At this time my stream eased up on its own. It had started moving back fairly fast as it weakened. It was now splashing again in the water of the creek and came across the water quickly. As it did this I asked Jeannie if my team was still at bat.

She told me they were when she had left. Then my stream now was now longer hiting the water of the creek and I was pissing in the weeds right in front of me. Then after several more seconds of pissing in the weeds in front of me I paused gave a finishing spurt which shot out into the creek and I was done with my piss. I started to put my pnis back inside my shorts. Jeannie spke up saying; Well tere goes the horse back in the barn! Yes there he goes I said back to her. I then zipped up and was going to walk away head up the hill and get back to the game.

Jeannie spoke up; Victor don't go yet. Don't you want tosee the mare come out of its barn and piss! Jeannie laughed as she said that to me. I stopped dead in my tracks! Jeannie! I said to her. She giggled and she already started pulling her blue shorts down as I looked at her. Jeannie looked back at me as she slid her blue shorts down further telling me don't worry about Kathy Victor. She will never know about this as long as you don't tell her! Now Jeannie had her blue shorts pulled down to her knees. She had a matching pair of blue panties showing which she know had her hands on them and was about to pull them down!

Well you better make it quick Jeannie! I said to her. So Jeannie really tugged her blue panties down real fast and got down into a high sqaut and bent way over so she could look back through her open thighs. Giggling she told me she always did this so she could watch herself piss when I'm outside! Right then from betwen her very thinned long slit and lips of her vagina out came a spratying piss stream which just barely missed wetting both of her inner thighs and her blue panties and shorts!

Seeing that her stream was spraying Jeannie told me I better stop pushing which she did. Her spraying stream went into a very thin neat stream which now hissed and went straight down and made a very soft slight splash in the weeds under her. Jeannie again spoke saying; Now that is much better! I din't say anything back to her. I now was watching her piss and looking her exposed vagina and now cute very curved small ass! So now I didn't care at that moment about the ballgame at all! Would you?

Jeanniw wound up taking almost a half minute piss. She came to a dripping stop. When she did stop she did reach down for herblue panties first started pulling them back up but she turned having her ass towards me now and she wiggled it back and forth as she pulled her panties up! She did that nice and slow too! Then she laughed once her panties were up and then she pulled her blue shorts right up not going slow with them and she didn't wiggle her butt either.

She turned and looked right at me saying I better get going. I smiled and I turned and started back up the hill quickly. Jeannie must have stayed there for she didn't follow right behind me. I was up the hill and back in the yard. right when teh last out was made on our team so it was the end of our bat for the inning. I ran over to Kathy asked her what was the score and would she and I be up next time. She told me the score. We were still behind by one run. There was two people still would bat before her and she told me I was gne for a long time. I told her that I just took a long piss. She laughed as she and I went out to our positions on the field. To be continuied.

