Forced to wet her knickers? SophieRxx1 in the Apprentice House Pt 5)

13th April 2014, 03:50 PM

Author: pobox9847

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Michelle turned as if to leave the bathroom "I'm going to have to find another loo" she said " otherwise I'm going to wet my knickers"

"That's not very sporting" said Tori mischeviously "I'm enjoying watching your desperation

"

"Yes, agreed Helen. It's great seeing you crossing your legs, bent over, hands in your crotch. Anyone would think you didn't want to wet yourself"

"Of course I don't" yelled Michelle "This isn't the holding contest and I have a lovely pair of new knickers clean on. Why would I want to wet myself in front of you, and the cameras?"

Sensing an opportunity the cruel other contestants gathered round.

"That's not a very ladylike pose" chided Lucy and she and Erica grabbed Michelle's hands, removed them from her crotch where they were easing the pressure, and held them behind her back.

"These new knickers of yours do sound great" said Helen. "We'd love to see them, wouldn't we girls" and to cheers, she and Tori each took one corner of Michelle's black short black skirt, and slowly teasingly lifted the hemline until finally, inevitably Michelle's knickers were on display. They certainly were cute. They were white but the trim around the top and bottom was a lovely soft pink. Moreover the white background of the panties was decorated with black dots and lovely pink bows. They looked lovely.

"Oh those are great Michelle" said Tori "I can see why you'd want to keep them nice and dry today"

"Hey Nicolette" said Lucy "Come and have a feel around the waistband..just be carefully you don't accidentally push on her poor bladder. Any pressure now and these lovely knickers will be soaked with piss"

Nicolette and Kimberley had kept out of things, feeling sorry for Michelle but Nicolette knew well that the other girls new she was desperate too. They could easily decide to turn on her.

Over she came and having pretended to admire the waistband, holding it in her hand and running it through her fingers, she then pushed heavily on Michelle's bladder saying "Oops clumsy me"

"No Nikki, don't" begged Michelle, but Nicolette knew she had to be ruthless or they would turn on her. "Don't what?" she said innocently "oh..this?" as she pushed hard on poor Michelle's bladder.

"Oh fuck..No..I can't hold it any longer" yelled Michelle and all eyes were glued to the front of her sweet knickers. "There" someone yelled as the flood began and the lower part of the front of Michelle's knickers began to turn dark. In just a couple of seconds a dark, wet patch was visible and spreading rapidly. The power of her stream was such that within seconds it had overpowered the fabric's attempts to contain it and her golden piss stream was flooding onto the floor as if she wasn't even wearing knickers, and golden pee began to spread over the floor of the loo..

The girls were cheering and applauding and watched eagerly, as the piss poured from Michelle.

Inside the toilet Sophie smiled to herself. She had imagined it was unlikely poor Michelle would reach the sanctuary of a toilet..she knew she would have to watch the camera footage of this lovely moment later on, with a nice glass of wine.

From their position holding Michelle's hands behind her back, Lucy and Erica could see that the reverse of Michelle's panties were getting a good soaking too, as the wet patch continued to spread, now covering the bottom third of the knickers on both sides.

On and on the pee poured out of her. there was no question that Michelle had obeyed the rules and not had a pee since the previous evening. The piss poured from her for a good 40 seconds.

Michelle was both embarrassed and worried. She was embarrassed because, unlike in the previous task, this wetting of her knickers wasn't as a result of being in a holding contest where everyone would eventually wet themselves. This was in front of her fellow contestants, and she was the only one who had pissed herself. Moreover she worried this would get back to the judges. What kind of Apprentice Pisser couldn't even hold on in a queue for the loo. And she knew what awaited her if she was fired!

Finally the stream slowed to a tickle and then a few last drops. Her piss pooled over the bathroom floor, and looking down she could see her pretty panties were a wet soggy mess although they were at least warm. But her humiliation wasn't quite over.

"Lets get these wet things off you" said Nicolette and over Michelle's protests, she peeled down the sodden panties

". Michelle's long legs, with drops of pee visible on them, were revealed and the other contestants admired her lovely hairless pussy , and the rest of her beautiful body (Tori even turned her around so her beautiful bottom could be admired), while Michelle visibly blushed

Meanwhile Kimberly picked up the knickers and said "lets get rid of these ruined things" and threw them under the door of the toilet where Sophie was stationed.

"I could have just washed them " wailed Michelle but the others just laughed. They knew it was a contest to win Ј75,000 so there was no time for niceness. They would be as bitchy and catty as it took, if it meant a five figure cheque at the end of it and the hosts had made it clear that embarrassing the others earned them brownie points.

Sophie, meanwhile, was delighted to have another souvenir of her time in the apprentice house, and admired the still warm, soaked knickers, before quietly wringing them out into the toilet bowl, and then pocketing them.

"Right, enough distraction" said Kimberley. I want to find out what today's challenge is , and to do that I need to have my wee.

Sophie readied herself to view another nice weeing.

Kimberley, the oldest contestant at 32, with long brunette hair and a slim build, entered the toilet next to Sophies and locked the door. She carefully tore off enough toilet paper to cover the seat, before lifting up her black and white patterned dress. The dress was esssentially black with white shapes all over it, not evenly lined stripes, but more random squirls and whirls and lines of different shapes and thickness. Below it she had on thick black tights which she peeled down, and plain black knickers.

She sat on the toilet and Sophie waited for the jet stream...which never came. Kimberley managed a trickle of wee that maybe lasted 7 or 8 seconds at the most. A miserable dribble of a wee, most disappointing.

It was clearly not the wee of someone who had been holding all night as required by the rules. But how would anyone know. Kimberley must have used the loo in the middle of the night and thought she had committed the perfect crime. But now Sophie knew!.

Kimberly gave a perfunctory wipe while seated and then stood up

Sophie admired Kimberley's naked bottom as she stood up and redressed. Well, she'd seen a nice bottom, but other than that, what a dead loss. Who was left?

Tori was exempt from the challenge so there was only Nicolette and Helen left.

To be continued.

