Emma gets horny peeing during a play fight

25th July 2007, 06:40 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

They'd been out to the pub, and were now back at Emma and Rachel's place to continue the drinking and enjoy relaxing on the patio.

It was a warm afternoon, and about 8 of the guys from work - 3 girls and 5 guys - had decided to try out their local pub which had recently been refurbished. They were offering promotional Sunday lunches for Ј3 plus huge discounts off drinks to get the punters in. They'd all made the most of it, and eventually staggered back to Emma and Rachel's place, slightly the worse for wear!

The friendly banter continued as they sat in the lounge, chatting and laughing, until a good natured disagreement turned into a play fight. Emma couldn't even remember what she'd said, but now found herself being chased round the lounge having cushions thrown at her! All eight were laughing like drains as she darted around the room, dodging the soft projectiles!

Eventually she managed to open the patio doors and get outside into the garden, but the rest soon followed, and eventually she found herself pinned down on the patio by Dave and James.

"Ya give up?" shouted James, holding her shoulders down as she wriggled.

"Never!" she replied giggling.

James put his hands in the watering can by the wall and splashed Emma's face.

"Give up Now?"

"Stop...STOP!!" she laughed, "I need to PEEEE!"

It was true. She'd needed to since they got back from the pub half an hour ago. Her bladder was now fit to burst, and she worried that her next move may result in an embaressing accident

!

"Too bad!!" replied James as he continued to hold her down. "You'll just have to go out here!" He held her shoulders even tighter.

Emma was about to ask James if they could just stop for 5 minutes while she went to the loo, but his words had got her mind racing. She was already feeling slightly horny from rolling about with the guys - she felt sure she'd felt something hard in their trousers on more than one occasion! The thought of peeing - just letting go in front of them - was getting her heart pumping.

She looked up at James, her face like a kitten.

"You'd make a poor innocent girl pee herself would you?"

"Innocent?" laughed James laughed James. Then added "Actually I need to pee too."

This just got Emma's already pounding heart going faster! She'd always wanted to see a guy pee, a fantasy she'd had ever since she caught sight of a guy from the back peeing on a wall when she was at Uni. Maybe this was her chance to get a close up view!

"Well this is all you fault!" she said looking up intensely at James. He released the tension on her shoulders, but instead of escaping, she ran her hands sexily down her body. She was starting to get extremely aroused, and her un bra'd nipples were already making distinct points through her T shirt. Her arousal was combining with her desperate need to pee - she found it intoxicating! Eventually her hand reached her short skirt, and she pulled it up, revealing a pair of plain white panties.

"Wow, looks like you've already peed yourself a bit anyway!" said James looking down. Emma propped herself up on one shoulder and looked down, pulling up her panties with her free hand. Sure enough, there was a distinct wet patch on her panties.

But she knew it was from arousal, not pee, but she wasn't going to tell James!

"Really?" she asked. "Well there's a whole lot more where that came from." With that she laid back, spread her legs wide and - with a wave of combined relief and devilment - let go. The crotch of her pants immediately became soaked as the torrent gushed from between her lips. The feeling was indescribable, made all the better for having James and Dave watching, open mouthed! She found the whole situation an incredible turn on, and was struggling to keep her fingers away from her throbbing clitoris. Reaching down, she tore off her sodden skirt and pants whilst still pissing, sending pee everywhere.

Then, as she settled back again, an arc of pee sprayed from between her pussy lips, landing halfway down the grass. Unable to control himself, James thrust his hand between her legs, feeling her warm urine flowing through his shaking fingers. Emma was beside herself with lust now, and reached her hand up to James' groin, only 18 inches from her mouth as he kneeled beside her. To her delight, she felt a concrete hard ridge, which she ran her hand up and down as her pee slowed to a trickle. Her other hand was now working furiously at her clit, bringing her close to orgasm

"You need to go now?" she asked James between heavy breaths. "Here, let me help you".

Although very hard, James DID need to go, and knew from experience that an erection wouldn't stop him when he was THIS desperate.

He helped Emma pull his jeans down and release his stiff tool which now pointed rigidly forward. As he let go, his stream - slightly constricted by his arousal - sprayed over Emma's T shirt. She gladly rubbed it in, then pulled her T shirt upwards above her petite breasts, her nipples red and hard with arousal. She rubbed his fluid into her swollen bosoms, and with the other hand, reached down and and resumed the assault on her clit.

Eventually, James' flow slowed and Emma reached up and took his rock solid tool in her hand. She instinctively started stroking up and down, an intense look of desire and concentration on her face. As James started groaning and panting faster, she speeded up her rubbing, putting her tongue out to receive his man-juice whilst simultaneously rubbing her own throbbing womanhood. Finally, James came, spraying cum after cum into Emma's open mouth, and as she gulped it down, she reached her own shattering climax.

Just an average Sunday afternoon!

