The Arrangement (A longer section of the story)

26th June 2008, 05:37 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I started this story here with the intent of writing a wild naughty peeing story but it sort of changed into something else and I found myself going off in a completely different direction. I've got much more of this story posted on the blog on my MySpace page,

But it can be a little hard to navigate and dig into the blog archive to find the beginning and earlier parts. So here is a little more of it. It does have naughty peeing in it but it's not a major theme and this may be too off-topic for this website. But here's a little more of the story for anybody who'd interested.

The Arrangement

"What the fucks wrong with you!" My roommate Blain yelled at me. "Fucking dick sucking homo.. why are you sleeping during the middle of the fuckin' day?"

"Go away.." I rolled over so that I faced away from Blain.

"Get a fuckin' life! How'd I end up with a fuckin' loser like you?!" Blain yelled back at me, and stormed out of the dorm room slamming the door behind him.

Once again Blain had been up late playing his stereo loudly as he 'studied' and talked loudly with his Frat brothers. I'd had to get up early since I had a seven-thirty class but Blain, who'd scheduled all of his classes for later in the day, had slept in blissfully. I'd been a bit uneasy about having Blain as a roommate from the first day when Blain had brought Misty and Lisa over.

Blain had asked me if I was a 'faggot' but I didn't realize it had meant that he was going to bring a girl over for me. Looking at Lisa, I'd wondered how I was going to go through with it. I hadn't told Blain that I was a virgin and I didn't really want to have to learn with Lisa in front of Blain and Misty. I'd wondered if I could somehow fool Lisa into thinking that this wasn't my first time. However when I'd taken Lisa with me to go and try to buy some beer she'd taken one look at my car, said "Fuck this!" and turned and left. Honestly it had been a tremendous relief to me but Blain and Misty hadn't even let me back in the room and I'd had to spend the night in my car.

###

"So what you're saying is that you can't get along with your roommate?" The collegiate looking councelor with the grey beard asked me.

"Well no, not really... It's just that he doesn't show much respect for me."

The councelor eyed me sternly. "We haven't had any other complaints from other people in your dorm. I'd think that if he were really that loud than some of your neighbors would be complaining."

"Yeah, but I'm the one living in the same room with him."

The councelor studied me carefully "Are you jealous of him? Is that it?"

"No.."

"You are, aren't you? He's from a very good family, his uncles a State Senator, and he's here on a full ride scholership."

"I'm not.. haven't you been listening to me!" I shot back in frustration.

"You have no place talking to me like that!" The councelor glared at me. "Are you trying to get yourself kicked out?"

"Noo.." I stammered. "I guess I'm just tired because I can't get any sleep with his loud music... And he kicks me out and makes me sleep in the lobby when Misty, or Nicole, or Lisa comes over for the night." I blurted out.

"Look I don't want to know the details about Blains personal life!" The councelor yelled at me. He seemed to be losing his cool, "That's his own private business. You've got some nerve sneaking those details in." He studied me intently. "Don't you have a girlfriend?"

"Well um.. no.."

"Why not?"

"I don't know.."

"Are you a virgin? Is that why you have a problem with your roommates sexuality?"

"Um no..." I managed shakily. "I mean... okay.. Okay I am! But I just haven't found the right girl yet.."

"Are you gay?"

"No I don't think so.. I mean no definitely not!"

"Hey, it's nothing to be ashamed of! It's okay, really it is."

"Yeah whatever.." I mumbled "Isn't there somebody else I could share a room with? And if he's a homosexual it's fine with me!"

"I'm sure it is..." The councelor nodded eying me with a look of quiet condescension. "But we don't have anybody else for you to room with. And there's a waiting list of people who want to get into the dormitories. Also we don't allow freshmen to live off campus."

"So I'm stuck."

"I'm afraid so. You're just going to have to learn how to get along with people."

The councelor got me up and walked me out of the office.

A woman in a dress suit was standing out in the lobby and she ushered my councelor over to her.

"I don't know what I'm going to do with her." I heard her say in a hushed voice.

"A real mess?" He asked

"Yeah.. she's a total slob...hates men.. no boyfriend.. bitches constantly with her roommate.."

I looked over at a brunette with long straight hair sitting on the couch staring at the floor with a determined angry look on her face.

"How about him?"

"I can't stand his type.. You know a fundamentalist ultraconservative sort.. And he's a faggot believe it or not. Never been laid in his life, and probably never will.. He's jealous as hell of anybody who's got a life."

The woman flashed me a look of disgust then waved my councelor to follow her into her office. I could hear them talking but I couldn't make out what they were saying.

I sat down ackwardly on the couch. "Got roommate troubles?" I asked her ackwardly.

"Obviously." she replied without looking my way. She turned her back to me and I decided it was best not to attempt any more conversation.

The councelors reappeared and the woman spoke loudly breaking the tension in the room. "Okay you two.. Here's what we've decided."

"Two?" the girl asked.

"Yes both of you! Neither of you can get along with your roommates."

"Now apparently Richard here is a homosexual" The woman began speaking again. "And there's nothing wrong with that! However since that is the case I think it would be safe to put the two of you together as roommate"

"A homo?!" Maria asked in disgust

"You're going to put me with a girl?" I exclaimed in disbelief.

"No a woman!" The woman responded angrily "I hate it when men call women girls! A girl is a young non-menstrating female!!"

"Sorry.."

"No you're not!" My councelor glared at me, "Do you think that you can be quiet until we finish? Can we expect that much of you?"

I nodded.

"Good. Now we don't have a dorm room to put you two in but I'm sure you both know about Blacker building on the east end of campus."

"Yeah, the building they're going to tear down."

"Didn't I just ask you to keep your mouth shut?"

"Yes sir."

"Okay then.. They're not scheduled to tear it down until next summer. It was built in the sixties and it has a small janitors apartment on the south corner."

###

The apartment wasn't bad. It had its own small bathroom, a small kitchen, a livingroom, and a medium sized bedroom. Off of the livingroom was a small walled in patio covered with chairs and tables stacked haphazardly. There appeared to be an old wooden hottub in one corner but it was buried under junk.

"So your names Maria?" I asked trying to make conversation.

"That's my name.." Maria answered with an irritated tone but didn't look my way. She almost looked like she was on the verge of bursting into tears. "Look I'll sleep on the couch tonight if that's what your wondering."

"But there's another twin mattress underneath the queen in the bedroom."

"Yes there is." Maria spoke without looking at me.

I took the hint and headed into the bedroom and lay down on the bed. Here I was thousands of miles from home and this wasn't the way that I'd expected college life to be.

"Yeah" I heard Maria talking on the phone. "Now they've got me living way out on the god damn other side of the campus with this creepy homosexual guy. Yeah... yeah.. I guess.. At least I won't have to worry about him groping me like Jessie's pervy male friend."

Oh well.. I figured that sharing an apartment with Maria couldn't be any worse than sharing a dormroom with Brian, and secretly the fact that I was sharing an apartment with a girl gave me a huge thrill -- only dampened a bit by Marias sour attitude towards me.

Maria left to go to class and I ordered myself a pizza. We were a bit of a ways from the dininghall. I was definitely going to have to get a bike. I decided to blow off my Literature class and I took a long wonderful uninterrupted nap. It was great to finally get some rest. I got up and wandered into the livingroom and found Maria reading a book on the couch.

"Maria there's pizza in the fridge if you'd like some." I offered.

Maria rolled her eyes "Do you know how fattening that is?"

"Well you're a little on the skinny side, it wouldn't hurt if you ate a little more." I shot back without thinking, then immediately regretted it.

Maria's face showed real hurt but she didn't respond. Instead she turned away from me and went back to reading her book.

###

I got up early, so that I could make my classes, and I tried not to wake Maria, who was sleeping on the couch. I was a little suprised when I opened the refrigerator door and noticed several pieces of pizza missing and a note "Thanks for the pizza!"

I didn't tell any of my friends in class about my new living arrangement. It was a little weird and I sort of wanted to keep it a secret.

The week went fairly smoothly and Maria and I had minimal contact. But one day I heard Maria in the bathroom slam the toilet seat down. "God damnit!, god damnit!, god damnit!" I heard Maria break down and begin crying in the bathroom. It shook me up a bit and I was careful to keep the toilet seat down after that. Since we were right on the edge of the arboreteum I started going for walks in the evening and even found a park bench next to the small arboreteum lake that soon became my favorite place to study. Maria continued to sleep on the couch and even though she started out neat soon the livingroom was just as messy as my room.

Maria confronted me on Saturday afternoon. "Okay I've had it. I'm not sleeping on that freakin' couch one more god damn night!".

"Well, then let's get the other mattress and frame out from under my bed and I'll make some room."

I could tell from Maria's expression that she wasn't too impressed by the way I kept the room so I knuckled down and cleaned it. I even got the old vacuum cleaner out of the closet and vacuumed the carpet.

To say that the first night sharing a room with Maria was tense would be an understatement. I tried to relax but I just couldn't and when I rolled over so that I was facing Maria I could have sworn that she was watching me -- and it definitely wasn't comfortable! In the morning I changed in the bathroom and was out of there before Maria got up.

After a week of sharing the bedroom I was finally sleeping close to normal and Maria was looking better too. She'd apparently given up on her diet, and she looked a hundred percent better with a rosy color in her cheeks. "Do you think I'm getting too fat?" Maria asked me suddenly one day. It must have really been bothering her for her to ask me. And actually I sort of wondered why she wanted my opinion. "No, you look really really good." I reassured her. Maria seemed to sense that I was being honest; her face lit up and she smiled brightly "Thank you."

###

It was a friday night and I'd been studying late at the library working on a paper I needed to hand in the following Monday. I was heading back across campus in the dark when I heards something that rattled me to the bone. It was a girl struggling with a guy over near the corner of a building behind some shrubs.

"You fuckin' cunt!" He yelled at her loudly and hit her across the face hard knocking her down.

I dropped my books on the ground. I was shaking hard but the adrenaline seemed to propel me forward.

"Leave me alone." she sobbed.

I rushed at him swinging a punch at him with all of my might. A jolt of pain flashed through my fist as I made contact with his chin. I hit him so hard that he was actually knocked all of the way into the wall. As he collapsed onto the pavement I began stomping on his face hard. Regaining control of myself I stopped. I wasn't sure how badly he was hurt but I didn't really want to kill him. I'd definitely hurt him badly though.

"Are you okay Maria?" I asked shakily as I helped her back to her feet.

Maria nodded but tears streaked down her face.

"Let's get out of here." I tried to sound calm. I wrapped a shaky arm around Maria, who was shaking as badly as me, pulled her into me and we headed back across campus to our apartment.

"Thank you." Maria told me with gratitude as we fell asleep in our seperate beds.

In the morning I woke and found that Maria had gotten up ahead of me. The lights in the kitchen were on.

"I made you breakfast." Maria greeted me as I entered

It was bacon, eggs, and toast. Simple but somehow the food seemed extra good to me.

When I got back around noon I found Maria was busy at work cleaning the livingroom.

"Did you see the newspaper?" Maria asked. In the bottom right corner of the front page was a story about a student who'd been "attacked". He was wearing a neck brace and both eyes were swollen shut. "You didn't kill him." Maria grinned.

According to the paper he'd been jumped and attacked by an unknown attacker when heading to the library. And there'd been "no witnesses". The newspaper reported that the campus police would be patrolling the campus more heavily to prevent any future attacks.

"How'd we end up with such crumby roommates?" Maria asked me as we were lying in our seperate beds.

"I don't know. My roommate was a rich fraternity guy. A real jerk."

"Really," Maria laughed. "My roommate was a "Little Sister" to a fraternity. You met one of her guy friends."

"Yeah he was a real winner."

"A real winner." Maria agreed. "I like you, you're nice. You're not like them. I don't care what the councelors said. They were a couple of freaks."

###

Maria continued to clean up the apartment and I helped her move the stacked chairs and tables from the patio into an open classroom that she found in the building and it was starting to look like a real patio. Our apartment was starting to seem pretty darn nice. Also Maria had become much more talkative and I found that I really enjoyed her company. Plus she was styling her hair a little differently, dressing nicer, and she was looking good!. It made me more conscious of my appearance too and I had started going to the gym and working out a couple days a week.

I was doing the dinner dishes when Maria approached me.

"The hot tubs pretty cool." Maria grinned. "And it still works!"

"We'll have to try it out!"

"How about tonight?" Maria suggested.

"Sure!" I grinned suddenly feeling a little eager to show off my toned body.

"You take a lot of walks in the arboreteum." Maria mentioned nervously.

"Yeah, it's nice."

"Could I come with you sometime."

"Sure...The sun will still be up for a couple more hours.."

Maria started the hottub warming up and we headed for the arboreteum. The trees were starting to change color and together with the cool Fall air the atmosphere felt calm and peaceful somehow.

"So have you decided on a major yet?" Maria asked me.

"No, I think that I might want to major in architecture but I don't know if I can get into the department."

"You should go for it." Maria encouraged me.

"I will." I nodded "Have you picked out a major yet."

"Well I came here thinking that I was going to go into education. You know -- teach. But now I'm having second thoughts."

We sat down on a bench on the edge of the lake.

"I think that teaching would be a lot of work." Maria said studying the ducks paddling around.

"Yeah, but it could be gratifying work, right?"

"I suppose, but I'm not sure if I'm really cut out to be a teacher." Maria sighed.

"Well we still have a little bit of time to pick out majors."

"Isn't it funny how we ended up living out here in our own private apartment with the arboreteum almost as our own private garden." Maria asked as we began heading back towards our apartment.

"I suppose." I agreed. "But doesn't it seems almost a little spooky living in the end of a big deserted building."

"Not with you sharing the apartment with me." Maria leaned over against me playfully.

"Thanks." I laughed involuntarily.

Maria changed in the bedroom and I changed in the bathroom. Her swimsuit was a conservative one piece suit, but she did look good in it.

"Wow, this is really toasty warm." Maria commented climbing into the hottub.

"Yeah, it's warm enough all right."

"Look at the stars." Maria pointed. "I've heard the various names but I can't remember what anything is called."

"Me either." I agreed.

###

###

Maria leaned over against me and I felt myself involuntarily growing hard. I fought the urge to wrap my arm around her shoulder then I gave in. Now I was really aroused but thankfully hidden by the water and the dark.

"My dad wouldn't like you." Maria said suddenly.

"Why not?"

Maria shrugged, "You're just not his type... My dad was in a fraternity in college and he wants me to marry somebody with ambition and money."

"I'm not that unambitious." I protested.

"Is that a real word." Maria teased. "My dad's rich." Maria explained. "He's a doctor and he makes lots and lots of money.. But I'm not suprised that my mom left him. Like he thought he could really have all of his girlfriends and my mom too."

"Do you live with your mom?"

"No.."

"See her much?"

"Not much" Maria shook her head "How about your parents?"

"They're okay... I mean..uh..they're not rich or anything but my mom was a teacher and my dad is an engineer and I've got an older brother and a younger brother and sister."

"I've got an older brother and a younger sister." Maria said. "But how were your parents?"

" I don't know.." I hesitated. "..maybe I shouldn't complain but my older brother -- the All-American football jock and top student -- was always my moms favorite."

"You look like an athlete yourself." Maria said eyeing my shoulders and chest.

"Yeah, I used to lift weights with my older brother... You know.. my parents made this great big deal out of my brothers going off to a big University on this scholarship. They even drove out with him and stayed in town for a week while he got settled. But when I got accepted into college.. it was like... it was no big deal. I had to pack for myself and -- other than a celebration at dinner -- they left me to drive out alone."

"Really?" Maria laughed "My dad made this big whoop de doo out of my going to college. He even took my roommate Jessie and her fraterity friends Shawn and Clint out to dinner with me. You met Clint... Can you believe I went to dinner with those..." Maria caught herself. "And my dad acted like they were the greatest. You know.. real guys."

I snuggled Maria closer to me.

"Don't!" Maria struggled slightly and pushed away from me. "We can't.. I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry.." apologized in confusion as Maria got out of the hottub.

"I'm sorry" I repeated again when Maria and I were going to bed.

"No big deal." Maria said ackwardly "I'm sorry too.." Maria paused for a second then asked nervously "Do you want to go to the Street Faire at the Experimental College tomorrow?"

###

The next day was a beautiful Saturday. The weather was cool but still pretty nice for fall. I'd heard about the "Experimental College". It lay on the other side of the arboreteum. I'd glanced at it from a distance but I'd never had the courage to go and check it out for myself. Really it was just another type of on campus housing arrangement. There were student built domes, an impressive treehouse in an ancient tree, and a whole lot of yurts.

"I'd hate to live in one of those yurts." Maria told me "They're little more than a tent.. but I guess each to his own."

I nodded,"Check out those awful coed bathrooms over there."

"God I hope that I don't have to use one of those.." Maria made a face "Don't drink much!" But of course we did... and we were forced to brave the bathrooms -- however... not together! I don't know what I thought I would find but I was very relieved to find stalls inside. Outside the bathroom Maria was involved in a conversation with a guy and a girl who both had their hair in dreadlocks.

"No no no.. it's totally cool!" The girl was telling Maria "We're always careful and we always wear condoms."

"Yeah whatever.." Maria said. "Hey here's my guy now, but it was nice talking to you."

I asked Maria curiously,"What was that about?"

Maria shrugged nonchalantly, "Nothing."

There were booths everywhere with all sorts of things for sale. I bought Maria a ceramic pot that she liked. It had a group smiling prehistoric animals grouped together in a circle -- forming the sides of the pot. Maria bought a "hippie style" hemp dress that she said she loved because her father would hate it so much. I went for an oversized hemp shirt. And Maria bought a blue colored "cycad" -- a little ancient palmtree like plant that had supposedly existed since dinosaur times. She wanted to put it in the fancy pot.

"I think we'd better get these treasures home." Maria laughed.

"Quite a haul!" I found myself smiling. "You know you should set up a booth next year and sell some of your photos." Maria had a very fancy digital SLR camera and there were a stack prints on her desk. They were pictures of scenery, flowers, and nature. Some were exceptional in their color, detail, and mood. Maria definitely had a gift.

"Maybe.." Maria said noncommitally. "Maybe... do you think they're that good?

"Yes!" I nodded emphatically.

Maria disappeared Sunday morning. Around noon I found her hard at work in the kitchen cleaning up some old picture frames she'd found in a janitors closest, and then she disappeared again. The lights were on when I came riding back from the dininghall.

"Well how do you like it?" Maria asked

"Wow! That is cool. Wow! I like it! I really like it!!"

Maria had blown up some of her best pictures framed them and decorated the livingroom. They were vibrant, spectacular pictures of rhododendrons -- totally full of color. They gave vibrance and life to what had formerly been a dull and dingy livingroom. Maria had a decorating ability that was far beyond anything that I was capable of.

"Thanks" Marias face glowed. "I had the pictures done up at the copy center."

"Wow you have a gift!"

"It's just a hobby." Maria smiled broadly.

###

"Good morning Ritchie." the cute little girl at the cash register greeted me. "How ya doing today?"

"Excellent Holly, and you?"

"I'm great!" Holly laughed. "So Ritchie ya wanna meet me again at lunch, to learn more about Christ?"

I was a little shocked to see Maria behind me at the breakfast buffet.

"It will be fun!" Holly pleaded

"Yes.. Yes! Definitely I would." I turned my attention back to Holly. "Do you wanna meet at noon again, outside the dininghall?"

"Course." Holly giggled.

I pretended not to see Maria and headed for a private booth near the window.

"Richard, so this is where you've been sneaking off to in the mornings." Maria joined me at the booth.

"Incredible breakfast bar isn't it... And try the coffee it's delicious!"

Maria took a sip of my coffee and scrunched up her face."Mmm.. that coffee is good. And this place is so.. I don't know.. peaceful and quiet.. this early in the morning. I love the atmosphere."

I gazed out the window at Mohr Hall.

Maria took too big of a sip of coffee and burned herself. "Don't you love that building?" Maria asked rubbing her lips with a napkin.

"Yeah it's cool." I agreed. "The way those dormers poke out of the steep slate roof it almost looks like they might go sliding down the roof. It almost seems like part of a castle or something."

I love all of the cross bars in the windows...

"Muttons"

"Yeah," Maria nodded, "And I love the way they swing open." Wouldn't it be cool to be up in one of those rooms looking out over campus."

"It almost seems precarious, like it would give you vertigo."

Maria nodded biting her lip. "It seems very "ivory towerish" to me."

"Exactly." I chuckled.

"Wouldn't you love to build your own house someday?" Maria asked.

"Yeah I've thought about it. You know I've worked in construction...My older brother got me the job one summer."

"Really?" Maria seemed impressed "You worked as a carpenter?"

"Well.. sort of..I uh.. actually... mainly did cleanup.. My older brother was the carpenter."

"But you got to see how things were done." Maria said positively.

"I did." I smiled. "I did indeed." I looked over and saw Holly standing a little ways away from us, where she could see Maria. She noticed my gaze and headed back towards the cash register

As the week went on Maria became less discrete, and started becoming more chatty in cafeteria. The look on Holly's face seemed to tell me that she was a little hurt. And she seemed a little down at our lunchtime meetings.

"Boy you've sure been getting up early this week." I told Maria.

"Haven't felt that sleepy. Maria shrugged." You know.."

"I uh..."

Maria studied me intently and a little pain came into her eyes "So..." A tear started to well up in one eye "Are... are you saying that you don't want me eating breakfast with you anymore at the Student Union." Maria's voice shook.

I went mute.

"She is cute..." Maria managed.

"Who?... Oh her.. Oh yeah... she's with the Campus Christians."

"Oh... so she's, "Maria's voice shook again. "..teaching you about Christ?"

I nodded adamantly

"My roommate the construction laborer who pisses in the bushes..."

"What?"

"I've seen you piss behind that bush next to the door just about every freakin' day!" Maria said with disgust. "It's not like we don't have a freakin bathroom in here! The next thing I know you'll be in here freakin' pissing on the floor!"

"I've only done it a couple of times." I lied.

"Fuck you!" Maria burst into tears. "You're just like my fucking dad." Maria sobbed "You should have heard the bullshit that he told my mom. We both knew that he was cheating on her and he always had these great fucking excuses. Fuck you!"

"I don't know what this is all about Maria." I protested.

"You wanna know what I did to my fucking dad." Maria's voice shook. "I'll tell you what I fucking did. After my mom left he decided that he was going to totally remodel our house. New kitchen, new paint, new fucking expensive carpet. You know what I did? I fucking peed on the carpet! I picked a corner of my room and I made it my fucking bathroom -- and I peed there every fucking day!"

"Didn't it smell bad?" I looked at Maria in disbelief.

"Yeah it smelled real bad." Maria said wiping the tears from her face, and managed an embarassed grin. "And I had to live in it..."

"Oh gawd.." I shook my head "So what did your dad do about it?"

"Nothing!" Maria sobbed, "He was always gone fucking screwing around with some women... He never came in my room and hardly even talked to me..."

###

The next day, when I got back from class, I found Maria on the phone with her friend from home.

Maria turned to me when I came in. "Talk to you later." she set down the phone. "Richard... I want to apologize about yesterday. I'm sorry.. I'm really sorry that I acted like that, and said that stuff. And used that bad language..."

"That's okay Maria..." I shrugged nonchalantly. "I mean it's no deal.."

"Well.." Maria took a deep "I got you a present... It's in the kitchen."

The smell of rich coffee came from the kitchen. In the kitchen I found a brand new coffee maker full of coffee.

"It's a dark chocolate flavored coffee." Maria told me. "I hope you like it...It was the one that smelled the best..."

"Have you tried it?"

"Not yet." Maria eyed me nervously, "I wanted you to try it first...I got you a coffee cup too"

I spotted to new large coffee travel mugs on the counter.

"Thank you Maria!" I filled both mugs with coffee and gave mine a taste. "It's absolutely delicious! Thank you Maria."

A tear ran down Maria's cheek. Maria stepped towards me and sort of fell into my arms. Maria cried on my shoulder while I cuddled her close, than she kissed me tenderly on the cheek and we cuddled some more. "It's cold out... but it's beautiful outside Maria. Would you like to go for a walk with me in the arboreteum?" We rubbed each others back as we hugged.

Maria only smiled at me.

We put on our long thick winter coats, Maria grabbed her camera, we grabbed the coffee, and out we headed into the semi-frozen beautiful early winter landscape.

Maria took a sip, "I think I like hot chocolate better...but at least it's warm"

"It's an acquired taste... You can always add cream and sugar..."

Maria shook her head, "Naw, I'll just drink it the way you do."

I tried to think of something intelligent to say but I couldn't, so instead I just put an arm around Maria and she snuggled against me as we walked. It felt even better when I noticed the smile on Maria's face.

I skipped some rocks on the pond and sipped coffee while Maria took pictures of the scenery. Despite the slight bite to the cold air we lingered until almost dinner time when it began to get dark. Maria snuggled back against me and we headed for the dininghall. We hardly said a word during the walk over, at dinner, or on the way back, but somehow the time spent together was suprisingly gratifying.

###

Holly seemed to notice that I was alone again in the mornings and she returned to her formerly vivacious self at lunch. Laughing and smiling, and accidentally touching me and leaning against me. So far we had covered Mathew, Mark, and Luke. Holly reassured me that John was "Really really really good!"

###

Holly was seated at a large round table in the center of the Student Unions "Eatery". The place was packed to capacity except for an empty table behind Holly. Holly offered me the chair next to her and no sooner was I seated then she snuggled up with me, even pressing her leg against mine.

"I like your new haircut." Holly said with a little sarcasm in her voice. "Cut it yourself?" She ruffled my hair with her fingers.

"No.. Is it that bad?"

Holly smirked. "Not that bad.. I'm just teasing."

"Actually a friend cut it for me." I admitted.

Holly looked at me incredulously. "You're really that cheap?!"

"I'm not rich."

"That's your name." Holly giggled. "Seriously..." She giggled again. "Nothing."

Holly handed me a passage to read in her bible.

"Miranda..." I heard Maria's voice behind me over the cacophany of other voices. I turned my head involuntarily and saw Maria seated, with her back to me, across from the girl with the dreadlocks from the Experimental College.

Holly elbowed me in the ribs,"Hey squirrely, sit still, we've got a lot of stuff to cover."

"Sorry." I apologized.

"Maria... your guy... behind you.." Came Miranda's voice. "...guys... break up?"

Maria didn't talk as loudly"...No... Christianity.."

"...that's cool..." I thought I heard Miranda agree. "..nice... have your own guy..."

"Yeah...toilet seats.."

"...jacking off... porn... drooling.." Miranda said.

"... get up in the morning... penis bulging out..." Maria added, and I heard Miranda laughing loudly.

"Hey!" Holly elbowed me in the ribs again. "Are you even reading this? Maybe we should go somewhere quieter?"

"No..no this is fine."

"Well well well look who it is!" I heard a loud guy behind me. "If it isn't Jessies little fucking cunt roommate."

"Go away Shawn!" Maria said sternly.

"Fuck you!" Shawn said loudly.

"No fuck you! Leave us alone you dicks!" Came Miranda's suprisingly authoritative voice.

"We don't take orders from little hippie cunts, do we Mike?"

"Hey, give that back!" Maria's voice shook.

"You can fucking get it back tonight when you fucking come over."

"Give Maria back her fucking purse!" Miranda yelled.

"Fuck you.."

"GIVE MARIA BACK HER PURSE NOW!" I yelled at the top of my voice. My anger, and possibly fear, made me shake as I knocked my chair down behind me. Now that I had a look at the assholes I saw that they weren't nearly as big as me. I was sure that I could take either one of them alone easily. Together..?

"Fucking psycho!" Shawn laughed.

A strange hush fell around me and I almost stumbled and tripped on the chair in front of me fighting to get closer to Shawn who held Maria's purse. "GIVE IT TO HER NOW -- YOU..!" My voice seemed to resound in the bizarrely silent student union.

Everybody seemed frozen except for a very large guy who got up slowly from a nearby table. The rest of the huge guys at the table followed suit. I figured they were football linemen.

Tears streamed down Maria's face, and together with Shawn we were now the center of attention.

"I think you'd better give her back her purse." A smaller guy, standing with the football players, told Shawn.

"Fine!" Shawn angrily threw Maria's purse at her -- dumping half of its contents in the process. "Don't feel sorry for that fuckin' cunt! She totally fuckin' deserves this. She's got it coming to her. This bitch used the fuckin corner of my friend Jessie's dormroom as a fuckin' toilet. That's right! She fuckin' pissed right on the floor like a fuckin' dog. Jessie still can't get the stink from this fuckin' bitches stinky piss out of her room!"

"Jessie probably deserved it.." Miranda snickered. Shawn glared at her.

"Okay, the show's over." The guy with the football players said, "You guys are out of here, unless you want us to call the police."

Three of the football players approached Shawn and Mike and walked out with them.

"That's Brian," Holly whispered and pointed at the guy who'd done the talking "He's student leader of the Campus Christians."

"Hey thank you." I told Brian who was coming my way.

"Are you okay?" Brian asked Maria tenderly.

"I'm fine.." Maria nodded, "Thank you."

Brian put an arm around Maria and walked her out together with Miranda.

"Think she really did it?" Holly asked me with a strange delighted look in her eye.

"Nooo!" I shook my head in disgust. "No way!"

"You sure? Isn't she the girl that you used to eat breakfast with?"

"Yeah... Maria's in my American Lit class." I lied, "She's just a friend."

"Want some advice?" Holly looked at me sternly "Next time... don't get involved."

"Whatever..." I was still feeling a little shaken, "Isn't there a Campus Christian meeting tonight?"

"Yeah..."

" I think I'd like to go."

