Fulfilling his fantasy

5th May 2017, 12:47 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

My fantasy scenario

The perfect scenario in my eyes would go like this...

One of my girlfriends and I would be going on a girl's&#8203; getaway weekend. We decide to stay somewhat close to home. We pick a nearby city..One that's very busy, fun and only two hours away. Since we are so close to home, I suggest we just get a cab so we can enjoy a few drinks on the way. Of course... I already have a plan in mind. I bring along a bottle of tequila, margarita mix and two large cups. For our first cocktail, I prepared&#8203; the both of us a very stiff one. Soon we were sipping our drinks and chatting away. Our conversation started off with each of us sharing different memories of our younger years.

As our stories poured out, so did our drinks. Before we knew it, the both of us were feeling quite tipsy and had to pee. As our urge to pee grew, both of us started to feel aroused. Soon our innocent stories began to get ornery. As we reminisced about all of our stories and experiences, the drinks kept flowing. Don't worry... I know what I am doing. The best part is about to happen... I know that we have about an 35 minutes left in our drive. Now's the time to turn it up. Little does she know, I have my husband already up at the hotel. He has no clue what's about to happen. He thinks I am coming alone.

The two of them are going to be quite surprised. See... its his Birthday weekend, and I have wanted to fill one of his fantasies for a long time now. So a couple of weeks ago, I thought what would be a more perfect time than his Birthday?!! With only 30 minutes left in our drive, I made us another drink, this one especially stiff. I decided it was now time to make my next move, since we were both laughing, giggling, bouncing around and talking about how much we had to pee. Luckily... I knew exactly how full she was, and exactly what sensations she was feeling.

Believe you, me... I am going to take full advantage of this situation!! With the very next words that came out of her mouth... I begin to giggle uncontrollably. As I was giggling, I started to bounce and wiggle all around. Then without notice... I grabbed my crotch. I sat there, clenching my pussy tightly, rocking back and forth in my seat. My friend sat there staring at me with great curiosity. I could tell she was very much interested in the situation and she was also extremely turned on by watching me in my desperation. As soon as I caught my breath, I looked over at her and blurted out the words... Wow! I am extremely turned on and horny right now, are you?

She sat there silently just staring at me, as if she was in shock... disbelief, confused or in shame of the way she was feeling. At that very moment, I really wanted to talk to her, hold and caress her while explaining to her my fetish. I wanted her to know how much she was turning me on...I wanted her to know how much my husband would be turned on. But above all, I wanted to make her feel comfortable with the situation. After finding out about my husband's fantasy, she actually said "wow!! We should surprise&#8203; the shit out of him sometime!" I thought to myself... Well that's going to happen sooner than you think.

Unfortunately, we were pulling into the hotel parking lot. I suddenly realized that I've ran out of time. In a smidge of a panic, that she would immediately run to the public restroom in the lobby. I loaded her up with our luggage. I let her know that I already checked us in online and I only needed to pick up a key card. Then I convinced her that it would be more of a pain in the ass to set down the luggage and pee in the lobby restrooms. "Don't worry... I know we can hold it and make it to our room I said." Giggling under my breath a little, I secretly sent a quick text message to my husband. It was short and sweet... It read... Be prepared babe, I'm on my way up and I have a big surprise for you... It's one of your fantasies!!! I'm sure he was wondering WTF!! Just as I sent it, her and I were stepping into the elevator. Both of us bouncing and wiggling all around, just trying to hold on. As the elevator doors open, we both start to run towards our room.

Just as I start to swipe the room key, my husband opens the door. The expression on my girlfriends&#8203; face was priceless. She glanced over at me, with a look of somewhat nervous, confused and a bit of excitement. After a brief pause, she softly murmurs out... Wow.. you actually already planned his fantasy night out... Didn't you? I giggled a little as I confessed up. I also explained that I know her wild side and I also know that she is better at spontaneous than planned. And, if I would have told her sooner, she would of gotten nervous or chickened out. She agreed and said " you definitely know me way too much"

Shyly, my husband begin to approach, slowly he leaned in towards the two of us bouncing ladies. I reached out for his hands, pulling them close to our bodies. Gently I place one of hands on my friend Kelly's&#8203; bulging belly and the other against my bulging belly. We just stand there, letting him enjoy the moment. It wasn't long before he started rubbing and pressing on our very full bladders. After a few minutes, he paused to make us a drink. As he was pouring up our drinks, we decided to surprise him and get naked. Now naked, we climbed up onto the bed. I couldn't fight off the urge I had to touch her. I softly placed my hand on her upper, inner thigh. Very slowly I started caressing her soft skin as I glided up her leg, until finally reaching her smooth pussy lips. I loved the softness, the smoothness, and the wetness of her.

Rubbing her all over, finally she felt wet enough for me to slide my fingers inside&#8203; her trembling pussy. I know exactly how horny and turned on she was feeling at this point. I've been there before. I know that she is definitely flipping between the emotions now. She's feeling desperate, nervous, shy and most of all, extremely horny. I know her pussy is needing... wanting begging for attention. Just then, my husband walks in with our drinks. I pause for a drink, fully knowing that little teaser only intensified her sensations. As she lays there in the bed, her desperation and horniness was very obvious now. Her body trembling as she tries to get a drink.

Quickly she gets a drink, then lies back down. Positioning herself flat on her back, legs slightly spread. I straddled above her, watching her squirm and wiggle, occasionally closing her legs trying to hang on. All while grinding on a pillow. Her hips swaying back and forth. I know what she wants... I grab a hold of her knees and spread her legs wide open. Making sure to give my husband a full view, slowly start to run my tongue up her legs until finally reaching her wet pussy. Licking up and down her smooth pussy lips. Just teasing her, trying to push her to the point of bursting. Her body is trembling and shaking out of control... It's time. I go in for the goods...

I push my tongue up against her clit, pressing down as tightly&#8203; as I can. I start to wiggle and roll my tongue all over her vibrating clit. Just when I start to feel her hot liquids trickle out, I know she is about to explode, that's when I stop. Knowing that the bursting is my husband's favorite part of his biggest fantasy, I look over at him and motion for him to join us. Oh boy... This is going to throw him over the edge. His facial expression was priceless. His level of excitement couldn't be hidden.

As he walked towards the bed, I set up our position. I layed down on my back on the edge of the table. I had Kelly stand in front of me. Once my husband was close, I moved her close to me. Reaching out to her, putting my hand on the back of her head, then pulled her face up to mine. I started kissing her, while our bare breasts rubbed together. After the kiss, I whispered in her ear... Please bend over and eat my pussy. As she gets in place and starts licking my pussy lips, and sucking on my clit, I lift up her head, and ask her "how would you like to have a nice stiff cock sliding into that wet pussy?"

Her face lit up...She was extremely excited. This was just what she was wanting and needing. Without any hesitation, my husband moved up behind her. Forcefully grabbed a hold of her hips, slowly pulled her trembling body up against him. Slowly he slid his cock inside her wet pussy. Immediately she started to moan...The deeper he sank his manhood into&#8203; her, the louder her moaning became. I sat there watching their every move, their every expression. Watching my husband with his cock fully thrusted inside her, I watched as her whole body begin to shake and quiver.

Suddenly i seen her back begin to arch upwards, a sure sign that it wasn't going to be long. It was only a matter of minutes, maybe even seconds&#8203; before she was going to lose control. Just then, she looked over at me, looking quite nervous, anxious and a bit embarrassed. Then uncontrollably she lets out a large sigh, followed by a long moan. Her body stiffins up, as she gives her every last efforts&#8203; to hang on. Realizing that she wasn't going to be able to hold on, her expression quickly turned into panic.

My husband and I noticeing her despair, we instantly caress her body with comforting strokes. Giving her reassureance and the courage to let herself go. Explaining to her that the both of us were extremely turned on by this exact situation. And as a matter of fact, this is one of our biggest fantasies. After a few minutes, we finally convinced her that it was more than ok. Still a bit nervous, she agreed to just give it a try. I had my husband lay down on his back. I reached out for her hands, and gently led her to him. I spread her legs, guided her up his body.

Slowly positioning her in cowgirl style above his stiff, thick, throbbing cock. Holding onto her as she panted with great anticipation. Her whole body quivered with excitement. Just before I'm ready to guide her down onto him, I moisten my fingers in my already trickling pussy juices. Once they are nice and wet, I slide them up and down her smooth pussy lips and across her swollen clit for just a few minutes. intentionally&#8203; teasing her, pushing her almost to her limit. When I know she is about to lose control, I press my body against hers. Place my hands on her hips and gently guide his cock inside her wet pussy.

Very slowly , his cock slid deeper and deeper into her. She moaned and squealed louder and louder with every little bit more of cock she received. Grasping tightly onto his arms in somewhat of a nervous panic. Begging us to stop for a second, exclaiming how she was scared and a bit embarrassed that she was about to explode all over my husband. Again... We reassured her, and this time I even described to her how intense and amazing the orgasm she was about to have was going to be. After hearing about that, she started to lose control, at first...

Losing little trickles, spurting small squirts of hot liquid running down my husband's shaft and balls. As he started to feel the warmth of her juices, he also began to moan with pleasure. Watching and hearing them moan with such great pleasure, totally threw me over my limit. I couldn't wait any longer. I straddled over him too. I crouched down on his lower adomen, facing her, pressed my nude body against hers. We engaged in a very wet seductive kiss. It was time... I wrapped my arms around her, pulled her close pressing our bodies tightly together. Making sure that I am putting extreme pressure on our very full protruding be bellys.  I felt her body tremble and stiffin up,  just as he was thrusting upwards&#8203;, driving his cock deeper inside of that wet warm pussy, I squeezed onto her even more tightly and pushed her body downwards...

Forcing her to take all of his manhood.  More than she planned on, more than she was prepared for.  With that last deep thrust, she let out a loud squeal.  Her back arched, she grabbed ahold of me as tight as she could as she yelled out..&quot; oh my God!! Oh God!! I'm going to cum so hard!! Oh my God... I've never cum this hard!!&quot; She took a deep breath, started to exhale.. before she could get the whole breath out, she lost it.. her hot liquids pouring out, drenching myself and my husband.  Feeling all her hot liquids pouring over me made me lose control also.

Suddenly, her and I were both screaming and squealing out loud with immense pleasure.  As both of our hot pussy juices ran down and all over my husbands body,  covering him from his chest to his lower adomen.  Soon after our liquids started flowing over his manhood, he lost his mind.  He reached out,  and clutched a hold of my hips. Grasping tightly, back arched... He let out a loud moan of great pleasure and relief. That was our first time doing this, but we are thinking about doing it again soon.

