More at the pond

18th January 2014, 08:34 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Tonya and I played in water for a few minutes then went back to the shade tree. She placed her pants on the ground to set on. I did the same thing, arranging mine so I could sit facing her. Like Chastity she has a very thick dark bush and the site of those wet panties

, with her bush clearly visible through them was something I did not want to miss. I wanted to be setting so l had a clear view.

«After all these years why, today, did you decide to come out into the open with all this?» I ask. She smiled sweetly and responded, «Tammy and I had a long talk the other night. It was actually her idea. While you are out of town last week Tammy spent the night with us one night.» «She didn't say anything to me about it, I said. She usually tells me everything». Tonya laughed and told me not to be mad. «We plotted against you.» She said, with a mischievous smile on her face. «We had a wonderful night together. There was lots of wetting and lots of sex.» I could not believe Tammy hadn't said anything.

We have a wonderful relationship and it is not unusual for Tammy to play while I'm out of town. Sometimes she'll call me while I'm on the road and give me the play-by-play while she is screwing one of her boyfriends. Sometimes she will wet herself in front of someone and call me with the details. Sometimes she will wait till get home they meet me at the door wearing a pair of panties soaking wet and full of some man's cum. But she has never kept secrets from me, nor I from her. This was something new. Mark and Tonya had always seemed  off-limits in some way. Even though I had teased with the wetting down through the years, there was always a line I felt I shouldn't cross. I was afraid, in some way it would mess up our friendship.

«Keith, sometimes you're pretty dense.» Tonya said as if reading my mind. «Mark and I have wanted our relationship with you and Tammy to go to the next level for a long time now. We have hinted at it several times and it just seemed that you wouldn't take the hint. Finally we just took matters into our own hands and gave Tammy a call.» As Tonya went on with the story the scene unfolded in my mind. They had invited Tammy up and, knowing she loves wine had made sure they had plenty on hand. After Tammy was suitably loosened up they had set their plan in motion.

They have a fire pit behind the house and they just sat around drinking and talking for awhile. Both girls had on jean skirts, which worked out wonderfully for Tonya's scheme. As planned Tonya had waited till she needed to pee really bad then went and set on Mark's lap facing Tammy. Tammy watched intently as Mark eased Tonya's skirt up and rubbed her pussy through her panties. While Mark gently rubbed, Tonya released her piss through her panties and onto Marks lap. She said Tammy loved seeing this. Tammy is not very bashful and she started playing with herself while watching Mark and Tonya. When Mark put his hand down into Tonya's panties, Tammy spread her legs and reaching into her own panties, started fingering herself. Tonya told me I would have to get the rest of the details of the night from Tammy.

By the time Tonya was finished with her little story I was again hard. Of course she noticed. She got up and came over to me smiling. Tonya straddled me as I sat there on the ground. She placed her hands on my shoulders and squatted till her pusssy was just brushing my hard dick. Slowly I felt the wetness soak into my underwear as she began to release her piss. As she continued pissing her panties she set down completely into my lap. She kissed me deeply and reaching between us started rubbing my dick through my underwear. «Can you pee for me?» she asks. «I'm too hard» I replied. «We can take care of that» she said. With that, she worked my dick out of my underwear and slid her panties aside. Gently she worked it into the folds of her pussy and then inside.

It was then I remembered Chastity. I looked over Tonya's shoulder and saw Chastity setting with her back to a tree and her hand in her panties, intently watching me and Tonya. «What about Chastity?» I ask Tonya. She glanced back at Chastity and said, «Looks like she is doing just fine on her own.» She then began screwing me in earnest. As we screwed, I watched Chastity masturbate and again wet herself. When she started peeing, and I saw it running out of her panties, I came. I came hard, despite cuming just awhile earlier. As I shot my load inside Tonya she also climaxed. We took a long breather and she slid off me, easing her panties back into place. «Mark will love these panties when I get home», she said with a giggle. «A man after my own heart», I replied. «Bet you can pee now», she laughed. I could and did.

I had stood to get the cramps out and was watching Chastity, who was still looking at us. She still had her hand in her wet panties and was fervently fingering her pussy. As she watched, I released a torrent of piss into my underwear. When the deluge flooded from my underwear and splattered to the ground, she moaned loudly and had a powerful orgasm. After we all came back down to earth we sat and talked for a little while longer. We were all excited about the future possibilities and I couldn't wait to have a long talk with Tammy.

