More worth the drive!

12th June 2010, 02:58 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

OK, a single evening's worth with this lady. I have already said that she was adventurous and happy to go along with pretty well anything I suggested. I did get the impression however that actually wetting herself was not something she was up for - and boy, could she hold when she needed to! So, I found myself getting more and more devious - hoping I think that she would simply have to let go at some stage...

One evening, after I arrived, I showered and we both changed to go out. Our usual practice would be to walk into the city where she lives, and do one of two things. Either walk back to her house via four or five pubs, or stay in one for four or five drinks. Dress wise; and at her request, we both tended to go commando - though she would have to wear jeans or cargo pants (skirts were just too easy). A few weekends before I had turned up with a bondage kit; she had one already, but it was a little flimsy. This one had straps and ties which could be used up against a door - hands, feet and around the waist. We had tried it and enjoyed a few games (without pee being involved) so for this evening I had decided to add a further element.

Her jeans had a belt, not tight, but pretty solid - studded and leather. I told her I wanted to add something to it - a thin steel chain and padlock. This went around her waist, through the belt buckle and through the zipper on her jeans - result; jeans could not be undone. Despite the belt being loose, the jeans would not come down over her waist either - and the more she drank, the tighter they would get.

So, out we go and the evening followed its usual path - I informed her that four pints would be required; or three plus three shorts of my choice. So volume, or a higher alcoholic intake - the net result being a seriously full bladder, or with the shorts, less so but the kick from the alcohol would be harder, making self control harder. We spent the whole evening in the one pub - our favourite, seated in the back bar, with toilets just beyond, through an open doorway.

So, come decision time, after three pints, I offered the choice of one more long drink, or three short ones. She was already a little slurry - we both were - and was showing clear signs of needing to pee - not one to grab her crotch in public; her frequent thigh clenching and occasional worried look in my direction was a giveaway. She thought a bit and went for the short drinks - saying that she was already full and another pint would result in an accident before we got home - unless I was prepared to undo the lock so she could pee now, which I was not!

I added a further little twist by getting her three shorts, with mixers (no ice) in fairly tall glasses, so the volume was maybe two thirds of a pint anyway. I had a fourth pint for myself and offered up a challenge. If she could down the three shorts before I could drain my final pint, then I would hold too until we got back. If I finished first; I Would get to pee before we left the pub... I didn't - she won quite easily, closed her eyes against the fizz of the final drink, shook her head against the buzz (the third was a vodka-bull - double vodka plus a high caffeine energy drink) and watched as I dribbled the last couple of mouthfuls down my chin. Without a word, she stood, put her arms around my waist and kissed me; pressing hard against me. It was time to go.

We never strayed more than 10 - 15 minutes from her house, but I always managed to mistime the journey back - thinking it would be easy to hold on without a struggle. Generally, half way back as we wandered along alleyways behind the terraced houses near home, we would stop and kiss for a while. This time, as I leaned back against the wall of a house, I felt her against me again - her breathing was harsh, her legs crossed and she bent down a little as she fought against the fullness of her bladder. I too was desperate ; we kissed briefly, I grabbed my cock as a wave of desperation hit me - and was admonished with a comment about my having mistimed the walk again. "And you?" I said - "surely you must be close to bursting too"!

"Oh, I am - and it hurts like hell, but my muscles are locked up - and I have jeans on; which someone very kindly locked on, so I can't actually pee"

I had discovered that when her need got to a certain point that her body would clamp shut and it might take my fingers or cock inside of her to get her aroused and relaxed enough to be able to pee properly. So, despite knowing that she was desperate

, I also knew now that her conditioning would not result in an accidental wetting

. She might explode at some point, but if she was to pee herself, it would have to be at the point at which her body said now or never - pee or I shut off the outlet! Some predicament. Yet for the remainder of the walk, she still stopped frequently to clamp her thighs together, close her eyes and whimper a little. Back at the house, I offered an honest choice - asked her whether she wanted the belt and jeans to come off right away. Her answer was equally as honest. If her jeans stayed on, then so did mine!

So, upstairs, stripped off from the waist up, removed boots and then she went up against the door - secured. Traditional X shape - Wrists above her head, feet apart. Jeans on... I was hoping that my arousal and erection would sustain me as I teased her a little. Eyes, closed, I could see that she was straining to get her thighs together; I relented - but only a little, removing the chain and belt, before undoing her jeans and slipping a hand inside; no panties

, remember, just her smooth, extremely wet pussy - and my wrist against her bladder. I knew just where to press on the inside too - up against her bladder, two fingers pushing her pee along the length of it from the inside. My free hand , I had found, was gripping my cock - hard I may have been, but knowing that she was close to having a flood forced out of her just focussed on my own need.

"OK, so you really aren't going to leak with these on are you?"

"If you took your hand away and left me here for just a few minutes, I probably would have to - but I may have to punish you for it!"

That was it for me - humiliation and pain? not my thing. And I was seriously close to pissing my jeans - she knew that as well. "You may want to remove those too before you soak them babe" she gasped. So I released her and within seconds, she was naked before me, thighs clenched tightly together, mouth open - the relaxation of the faucet was under way and her bladder really needed to be emptied. Towels. Plenty of them, then she lowered her head sightly; looked at me - folks; this look - she has long dark hair; dark eyes and she looked me in the eye, through that mane of hair as it fell around her face - The most awesome, sensual, beautiful expression I have seen. Oh, and she was powerful. As tall as me; but would beat me should arm wrestling be proposed at any point...

One arm outstretched, I found myself pressed gently but firmly back against the door. Her other hand grabbed my cock through my jeans and caressed it. "You have no idea, Mr, just how badly I need to pee". Still looking up at me through a curtain of thick dark locks. "I have been as close tonight to wetting myself as I have been since I was about three! And I really, really, have to pee. So where do you want me?"

"Oh, babe, right where you are - though if you keep doing that I will cum - and I have jeans on remember"

"Oh dear; so you would have me soak my jeans for your pleasure; but if I want YOU to get wet - and I bought these jeans - that's a bad thing??" That in a girly voice; her almost constant thigh clenching coupled now with little giggles; almost masochistic in nature. "Oh, fuck I really need to pee!" As she gripped me harder. Almost gripping to prevent me from leaking in lieu of herself. Her pussy was just out of reach for my fingers, sadly, or she would have pissed herself there and then; but she had other ideas. Undoing my zip, her hand went inside and, without withdrawing my cock, she continued to rub, her free hand pressing my bladder now.

"Careful, careful" my erection subsided a little as the pressing took effect - she squeezed the head of my cock, preventing a dribble - how did she know to do this??! and pressed a little harder on my bladder. What would have been a dribble would now be a full on spurt; the pee was backing up to get out. She crossed her legs and bent slightly. "Hold it" I demanded. Blowing out her cheeks, she straightened, but I could see a little trickle running down one leg. She managed to regain control but did so by pushing even harder against me - pushing four pints of cider into line, creating a serious backlog.

Then she let go of my cock - my pee burst forth, soaking my jeans and running down my leg. She puled my cock free and the end of that initial spurt hit her in the stomach, The initial jet subsided, but I relaxed, and simply let rip. Piss spattered off of her, up under her breasts, splashing back on me and poured to the floor. Relief! But her need was still there - and I wanted a little revenge. gripping her upper arms, my near empty bladder meant my cock was hard and I needed release there too! Back to the bed, push, she fell back. "Please don't bounce or jog me. God I have to pee! Please"

My fingers found her pussy again, I pulled her right hand down and placed it on her clit. "Cum" I said. "Make yourself cum without losing a drop". My fingers inside her, finger fucking her this time - as little pressure on her bladder as possible. "Come on babe, you can do this; just let yourself cum for me". I replaced my fingers with my cock -standing at the side of her bed, while she lay right where I needed her to be, moving gently inside of her, watching her carefully.

"Come on babe, oh, this is so good!" I said. She had her eyes closed; I knew that she was close to pissing herself - with me inside her or not - she would burst soon. And with me moving in and out and her knowing finger pressing right where THAT needed to be; she was close to cumming too. Suddenly, I felt her muscles contract; I was gripped as tightly as I have been gripped by a hand - except this was her cunt gripping me. She lifted her head and looked at me briefly before closing her eyes - an orgasm ripped through her as I stood there; unable to move. "DON'T YOU DARE MOVE" she barked "OH, DON'T MOVE OR I'LL WET THE BED!"

I assured her that I couldn't move, but would dearly love to experience my own release - and at some point her pussy muscles would have to let me go! I felt the grip subside - and eased out gently as she rolled over and fought the urge to pee.

"Shit lay down" she said. "Hurry, I really am going to lose it: I lay on the towels and; in a further twist; "Bring yourself off - I have to piss and can't concentrate on you as well. For the first time in our relationship I witnessed her bent double, cross legged and actually HOLDING herself. Mutual masturbation was something we enjoyed, so my lying there cock in hand was not a new experience; but as she stood over me and prepared to squat; I could see already, a trickle emerging.

She struggled to get to her knees, had to hold herself some more and then closed her eyes. Letting go, she put her hands to her hips and the trickle continued. I watched as she concentrated, contracted, then felt her piss crashing into me - a real power shower. As I watched and held myself; I felt, almost without having to touch - my orgasm build. I spurted cum up into that torrent; which continued way, way after I had peaked, subsided and relaxed. She totally drenched the towels and me. "I told you I had to pee" was all she ever said after letting go! And every time she was right.

There is more -

