Margie My Landlords Daughter

25th June 2009, 12:21 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I first met Marrgie who was one of two of my future landlords duaghters. My friend Tont worked for her father and was dating his other duaghter Margies older sistor. She was a wild girl even then and I didn't even know her! While waiting for Tony I was sitting in the livingroom Margie got into a argument with her older sistor and gave her the finger as she walked towards her bedroom.

I laughed which she heard me. She turned around she smiled at me and then she gave me the finger too. So I gave it back to her. She laughed and she stepped into her bedroom doorway and she had on a red pair of pants and she pulled them right down! She showed me one of the nicest ass I had ever seen! Then she kicked the door shut with her foot. I could hear her laughing behind the now closed bedroom door. I couldn't help but laugh also. I would remeber this always and so would she for it would be brought up in conversation betwen us in the future.

Now let me go ahead a few years and now her father was my landlord for I had a full time job and had moved into one of her fathers apartments. It was time to pay rent so I went to my landlords apartment to pay my rent. Margie was there and she let me in. She told me her father wasn't there but would be there shortly. She told me to have a seat there in the kitchen so I did.

Now sitting there in the kitchen with Margie we talked some. Mainly about the last drinking party we had been to. I was there and so was she. WE sometimes hung out at the same parties for some of the friends were the same that we both knew. In fact there was going to be another party tonight and she asked me if I was going to it. I told her I didn't know if I was. I might. Well if you do go I'll see you there Margie said to me.

Now we had been sitting there for about 15 minutes and her father had not shown up yet. Margie told me she would go and find out when he would be here. So she got up and left. I got up and stretched and took a short walk out to the livingroom. I saw her stereo there and on the turntable was one of my Led Zepplin alblums! I took it off from the turntable found the jacket sitting on the end table and put the lp back in its jacket. I went back out to the itchen and sat back down.

Margie came back in a few inutes later and she told me her dad would be about ten minutes more. He told me to tell you to wait. She saw the record jacket sitting on the kitchen table. I had a look on my face that looked like; What are you doing with this! She told me she liked the record and had borrowed it when she was at my place the last time she was there which was a party at my place.Next time just ask Margie I told her. I will she said back to me. You can still listen to it I told her. That made her smile and she thanked me.

Then Margi got right up from the table telling me she had to piss. Margie was like that. She always told anyone that she had to piss. She got up from the her chair and turned around and took the two steps to where the bathroom was just off the kitchen. That is where the bathroom were located in all the apartments in this building.

Now as far as the bathroom door in her and her fathers apartment was a folding grey plastic door. In other apartments in the building there were regular wooden doors. The door was broken too. It was hanging off from its track up on the top of it. Margie shoved it wider open first struggling with it as she shoved it open. She got it wide enough open so she could get through the opening in the doorway now.

I could see right into the bathroom as she turned sideways to use the toilet. I laughed and I said to her; Oh I'm going to see that nice ass of yours again Margie? She laughed and she turned around unbuckled her belt unbutoned her jeans and she shoved her jeans right down! I laughed as she did this. Her ass was even better now for her asscheeks had filled out even more. She wiggled it a couple of times and then she turned around to sit down on the toilet to take her piss.

Margie shoved her jeans down past her knees before she sat down on the toilet. Now Margie like her sistor and two brothers has black hair. Now seeing the front of her she had a big patch of black pubic hair above her vagina. Her vagina was a very long looking one. A long thin dark pink clit with thin long pink side lips which made her slit look real long. Margie then sat down on the toilet. Then looking out through the opening in the doorway she saw me looking at her. She said to me; Like the front as much as my ass? I laughed and I told her I did. She laughed and wriggled on the toilet seat to get ready to piss.

In a very few short seconds she started to piss. From out in the kitchen I did see her piss shoot out from her vagina. I could only see a very short part of her piss stream. It was very yellow in color. Margie was pissing hard for the hiss from her stream was loud and the splashing of her piss hitting the water in the toilet was very loud too. Margie took a quick look down to check and then she looked up and over at me.

Seeing that my eyes were glued right on her she let out a short laugh. Then she said to me; I bet by the time I'm done pissing your'e going to have a hardon! I laughed. I said back to her; How do you know I don't already have one! She laughed again. I can't see from here if you do. But you'll have to show me when I get done! Margie said back to me. I laughed hard now and so did she.

Margie went on taking her hard piss without each of us saying anything more to each other. Then the loud hissing of her stream and its loud splashing started easing off. As this happened Margie reached over picked up the roll of toilet paper froma little stand by the toilet rooled off a wad of paper from the roll and tore it off. She placed the roll back on the stand. Now her streams hissing was very faint and the splashing of her stream was very light sounding.

Then the hissing stopped and there was now only the splashing of drops of piss down in the toilet. That went on for a few seconds and then it stopped. I thought Margie would just take the wad of toilet paper she had in her hand reach down between her thighs and wipe herself. She didn't! She stood up and gave her vagina a nice long wipe then! She turned the wad over and wiped herself slowly a second time and then she tossed the used wad into the toilet.

Then she turned around still with her jeans down around her kness ad gave me another look at her nice ass as she flushed the toilet. Then she reached down and pulled her jeans back up. She stepped through the opening in the door way and then she butoned up her jeans and buckled her belt. She then leaned back against the counter behind her. She acted like she was waiting for something. She was for what she said to me next told me she was!

Margie laughing told me that she wanted to see if I did have a hardon! So I slid back in my chair at the table and stood up. I did have a good buldge showing in the front of my jeans. Margie saw the buldge and she laughed. Oh you do have a hardon she said to me. But let me really see it! She let out a short but hard laugh. So I started to pull the zipper down on my jeans which made her laugh. She knew now I was going to show her!

I slipped my fingers inside my open zipper and pulled my erect penis outside my jeans. I took my hand away and Margie still laughed but she stared right at my hardon. Seeing how erect it was Margies laughtr turned into a giggle as she said to me; You know I'll have to piss and let you watch me more often Victor! That makes you real hard!

Before I could say anything back the sound of the key being insereted in the lock out on the door to the apartment was being done. I then stuffed my hardon back inside my jeans and zipped them back up real fast. The door opened and from the livingrom came Margies dads voice asking if anyone was here. Margie still leaned up against the counter and I sat back down in the chair at the kitchen table.

Her father came walking in and saw both of us. He said hi to me and her. He apologized to me for making me wait. I told him it was ok. I got my wallet out as I told him this. Maggie told her dad that we were entertaining each other while we were waiting. I almost broke out into laughter but managed to stiffle it. Margie seeing me do it she giggled with a short giggle. I handed her father my rent and he quickly wrote me out a receipt.

