Reality Profiles - Marylin and John

4th January 2010, 02:07 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

I have recently reported on a couple of pee parties my husband Josh and I have attended. Since these real parties, and not nearly as interesting as a fictionalized story might be, we have titled these reports "Reality Peeing".

We have nothing new to report since our last post so I decided to post something I have always found quite interesting. Let me explain:

Back when I was in college I took a class titled "Sexaulity in America" where we studied all forms sexaulity including various fetishes. The class was set up where it was necessary for us to seek out and personally interview others who participated in these various fetishes. I volunteered to report on 'Watersports' or 'Golden Showers'. I'm not going to detail the difficulty I had in connecting up, lets just say I was very fortunate in finding two active participants who did not mind sharing information.

One thing which always intrigued me was "who these people were" I don't mean their names, but WHO were they? WHAT kind of people were they? WHO could possibly find enjoyment in urine? WHAT kind of a person would enjoy urinating in front of someone else, and WHO would ever consider watching this act? WHAT ever kind of a person would or could enjoy this seemingly nasty act? WHAT else did these people like or dislike? WERE these people anything like me? WERE they somewhat normal or total misfits?

In this series I'm going to profile several friends who make up our small group. OH, I'm not going to disclose actual names or anything like that. But iIm going to attempt to disect them and share their thinking. I'll sort of open up their personalties. These are actual profiles. You will be able to tell these are not made up because if they were they would certainly be more interesting. I apologige in advance if these "profles" are boring, but reality often is boring. Here is the first profile:

MARYLIN AND JOHN

John is about 56 years old, Marylin is 55. They were married in 1978. John was employed in the automobile industry but presently is unimployed due to the economic downturn of the economy. Marylin teaches in a private High School where shes been employed for just over 20 years. They have two children, a son 30 and a daughter 28, both married and both living out of state. They live comfortably in a eight room tudor style home along the lake in a suburb of Cleveland. John who always drove a new demonstrator now drives a five year old Chevrolet while Marylin drives a seven year old Lincoln sedan. Both attend church rather irregularly now that they are empty nesters.

Both admit to drinking a bit too much although getting drunk is no longer on the agenda. Marylin volunteers at the local library and helps with book sales. They don't swing but they do attend parties where Peeing is the main theme. Marylin is the one I told you about who prefers to dress up in a designer skirt and a silk blouse (braless of course) and have others pee on her, She never changes afterward and usuallywears the soaked clothing home. They both admit to terrific mind blowing sex right after they get home.

Marylin's first exposure to pee came in college while at a boating party on Lake Erie where beer and nudity prevailed. Most girls at this party wore only bikini bottoms Marylin wore a one peice suit due to being so skinny. She hardly had any breasts to speak of and desperately needed the padding in the suit to hide behind. There was no "head" on this boat. The swim platform served as a convenient place for the women to squat from, The guys, well it was "over the side" for them. Marylin for the most part sat in one place despite her need to pee. She considered getting into the water but all the towels on board were already wet from other swimmers. Finally she just went where she sat, hoping nobody would notice. It was inevetable but soon someone did notice a wet spot and soon she became the subject of ridicule.

Soon someone presented her with the bucket which was kept with the boat, the pee bucket. The beer really took its toll on the revelers. Before long the bucket was being used for its intended purpose by both guys and girls. Finally someone dared Marylin to hold the bucket for a guy. Wanting desperatly to be accepted she took the dare, She thought she was out of the woods as none of the guys were willing to use it with a girl holding it. Soon one guy spoke up, he had to go and she had to prove herself if she ever wanted to party with this group again. In the near darkness she held the bucket as she contuinued to sit in her now wet seat.

Soon one guy, said it was time for her to "prove herself" either by droping her suit and squatting on the platform or holding the bucket as he used it. To everyones surprise she held the bucket as not only one, but two guys used it. When they finished everyone got quiet wondering what Marylin intended to do with the contents, if she got up to dump it everyong would see her wet suit for sure. Wanting to be accepted Marylin held it for about a minute before slowly raising it and dumping the contents all over herself. From that night on Marylin was looked up to as a great sport and she never again spent a dateless Saturday night.

John and Marylin's first experience together with peeing occured while dating at a concert. If you have never been to a concert, everything you have ever heard about long lines full of bothsexes desperate to pee is true. This night both managed to hold off untill the concert was over figuring they would quickly exit the parking lot and stop off at the nearest resteraunt. They never figured on the gridlock they would experience getting out of the parking lot.

The concert had been over nearly 90 minutes and the car had not moved in the past 35 minutes. John was desperate, Marylin was resigned she would have to wet herself and never see John again. Soon they noticed others in the line getting out of their cars, running to the side of the road seeking darkness and privacy and peeing. John had just finished telling Marylin he could never do that when she flung open the door and said "lets go". Both ran to the side of the road, Marylin dropped her shorts and panties as she squated, Josh unzipped and faced the bushes. Both returned to the car totally embarrased. Two hours later while sharing a coffee they managed to laugh about it.

John was no longer embarrased and Marylin merely thought of the experience resembled a very crowded restroom. They continued to attend concerts as they dated. Soon outside peeing became the norm with Marylin always taking the lead. Everywhere you looked someone was either between or next to a dark automobile. It was not uncommon to see couples together. Soon Marylin made sure to position herself in John's full view. Once while hiking in the park she deliberatly avoided peeing before John picked her up, so as to purposly have an excuse to "entertain" him. Soon these activities moved inside where they progressed form watching to giving and receiving. Peeing has become a regular routine in their marriage. Both claim it not only brought them together but has kept them together all these years.

More next time, Emily

