/marrie-part-5/39341/

Marrie Part 5

27th December 2009, 12:25 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

It was nice to have Marrie ride with me to waork. I picked her up after I got out from work and we went straight home. I changed while she made dinner and I looked her car over tried to get it started but I had no luck getting it running. I came inside and told Marrie that I had no luck. She then called AAA and they came later and towed the car to get it fixed. WE had a great dinner and after that we relaxed for awhile.

Since Marrie made our dinner I was the one that was going to do the cleaning up so I went out to the kitchen and cleaned up.Now Marrie was out in my living room while I was busy in the kitchen. I had made my bedroom in the very front room of the apartment which would have been the living room normaly. I had put up across the archway that devided my bedroom and the living room heavy curtains.

Marrie was snooping around for she asked me why did I make what would have been the living room into a bedroom? There were three bedrooms in the apartments which I was using two of the three. One was empty. Oh the bedrooms are just to small I told Marrie from the kitchen. I like a big bedroom. I laways had one. Marrie replied back saying; That's understandible I guess. It is a good idea which I do like she went on saying.

I was finishing up now in the kitchen and I came back out and walked into the bathroom for I had to piss. (from having a beer with dinner and having doing the dishes the water on my hands also triggered the need to piss also. Marrie was sitting on my couch and I left the door open and Iknew she was looking in my direction in the bathroom as I stood at the toilet and started to piss.

As I stood there pissing I brought up the subject about it was nice to have her riding with me to and from work. Why not keep doing it even though your car should be running again soon? Marrie agreed to it. Then I got a little darring as my piss came to its end. Why not stay the night Marrie. You already are here. You have your uniform to wear. Then I zipped up turned around and came out of the bathroom. I waited for Marries answer.

Marrie quickly answered me witha nice smile on her lips. Sure I can go for that! But I will need to get clean stockings, and some fresh underwear for tomorrow. Look I'll get that stuff now if you throw my uniform in the wash. I'll be right back. Marrie got up from the couch and left to go over to her apartment. I heardher hurry down the stairs and then I raised my arm up quickly with my hand in a fist and hollered out YES! I went right out to the kitchen grabbed the laundry liquid grabbed Marrie snurses uniform and threw it in the washer and started to wash it.

Marrie came back about ten minutes later with what she would need to spend the night. She kidded me about it being that we still hadn't gone out together yet which would be tomorrow night which woud be Friday. She heard the washer running so she gave me a peck on the cheek and thatnked me for doing her uniform. Do you mind if I get changed and take a piss? I smiled and told her go right ahead.

So Marrie right there in my living room stripped down which she took off her top and pants and she was now in a very light matching lacy lavendar bra and panties.

She left those on and she walked into my bathroom and of course I watched her! She pulled down the lacy lavendar panties and took them right off. I thought next she would put the seat down on the toilet. I had left it up after I was done pissing. But Marrie didn't put it down.

She just turned right around stepped back straddled over the bowl and stood over it. In a few short seconds Marrie was pissing standing over the toilet! My cock hardened up very quickly! Marrie's piss stream was hissing but softly. It was comming out of her pussy going straight down. It was steadily flowing. So it turned out to be a pretty long piss this time which that made me enjoy watching that much more!

Marrie ended this piss by doing a couple of short spurts and as soon as sh had stopped she came right out of the bathroom without puting her lacy lavendar panties back on or wipeing her pussy off. She walked right over to me and she gave me a good hard kiss on the lips which I in return kissed her back just as hard and long as she did.

Then before we would kiss again Marrie told me to take this thing off meaning her bra. We started a second kiss and I reached around with one hand pinched the clasp and popped it open. Her bra fell to the floor there in the living room. Marrie as I did this and as we kissed popped the snap on my jeans pulled my zipper down,slipped her hand into the slit of my boxers and went right for my erect coick grabbing it hard with her hand holding it tight the entiire time we kissed.

Then right after we seperated Marrie squated down and she took off my jeans and boxers. As she did this I took my shirt off. Marrie stood back up. Lets get comfy on the couch she said to me with a little giggle. So we went right over to my couch and she had me lay down on it and she got over me straddling herself first over my waist. Again we kissed hard and long several times. Marrie was acting like she was real horney. I knew I was!

Right after we had done that series of kisses Marrie told me she was very horney. She even told me she hadn't been laid in 6 months! So I knew I was going to get laid! As I looked up at Marries bodythere were talltail sighns that she was already turned on. Her nipples on her breasts were quite stiff. Also her clit was also swollen up and her pussy was wet enough that it glistened. I hadn't started yet doing anything else except kiss her!

I told Marrie that I had condoms and she giggled hard first right after I told her. She gave me a quick iss and she told me I wouldn't need one. She was on the pill. Oh boy I thought to myself. THis is going to be really good! Then Marrie started sliding her knees up the couches cushions and told me that she loved having her pussy licked! She asked me if I liked doing oral on a girl? I let out a laugh reached out with my two hands placed them on her firm asscheeks and said to Marrie; Come here! Marrie laughed a little and very quickly slid even faster forward getting her pussy right over my mouth!

Then Marrie took her two hands placing them on the back of my head raised it right up and my mouth was right there at her pussy. I felt a lot of body heat pouring off from Marrie's pussy first. Then I could smell a light piss oder too. I went rght for it starting right on her clit first and then worked my way down her pussy. Marrie helped by moving so that her pussy moved upward as I went down it licking it and flicking my tounge on it. Marrie soon was rocking back and forth as she got turned on more!

Then after about ten minutes she grabbed one om hands off from her asscheek and she started licking my finger the one next to my thumb. She wetted it up real good too. Then I felt her moving my hand with just the wetted finger pointing out and she placed it back behing her ass. I felt it being pushed lightly between her asscheeks and then on her asshole! Then I felt it starting to be pushed into it.

Once it had been insrted up inside her very tight asshole Marrie tod me she liked that hole stuffed and used too! Keep in there! Marrie said to me and I wound up doing just that. I went on taking care of her clit and pussy with my tounge for awhile longer until Marrie pulled away upward with her body. As she did I gave her now very wet pussy a kiss on its lips and her clit. Marrie slid back grabbing my erect cok as she did and she then lowered her body down and came down quickly inserteing my hard cock right into her pussy and we started screwing.

Marrie was doing all the owrk as we screwed. She was going fast and hard which my cock made long fast thrusts going back and forth in her pussy along iwth my finger that was in her asshole. When Marrie would take a pause she would lean way down we would kiss and then she would go back to her hard pumping. I now also reached up with my two hands since they were not being used and I taesed her nipples by twisting and lighty squeezing them. Marrie even now thrusted harder right after that.

Now with our hard activity brought Marrie on real fast. It did the same for me too. Marrie climaxed jsut before I did. Boy did she ever cum hard! Her come just came out splattering all over me, her, and even the couch! When I felt that I was going to cum I took my hands off from her breasts grabbed her ass and shoved her down hard. I pushed up as hard as I could and I shot one hard big load of cum deep into her pussy! Feeling that Marrie let out one long loud scream! Thenright after that she smothered me with hard continuis kisses.

Then Marrie sudde3nly pulled her mouth away from mine. She looked right at me and asked me if I drank piss. She had to piss right then and now. I told her I did. So Marrie in a instant sld forward having my cum soaked cock which was starting to go limp slide out from her pussy and my finger came out from her asshole.

Marrie once she was over my face sat right down on it almost smothering me along with wetting my nose mustache, and part of my face with her cum. I opened my mouth which her pussy was right on it and Marrie started to piss right into it! Not hard but enough so that my mouth did fill up with her salty piss. Just before my mouth did get full with her piss I shoved her ass up so I could swallow which I did and my face and the couch got pissed on. I started taking a secnd mouthful which Marrie provided but not quite a second mouthfull for Marrie stopped pissing before my mouth became full. I swallowed it down.

Since Marrie's pusy was still right there I gave her clit some light licks which Marrie let out a little giggle as I licked. Are you wiping me off? She asked. I stopped licking said no to her. I'm just easing you down slowly. Marrie laughd. Then she said to me as I went back licking; You are a unusual guy! Any other guy would not do that that I have known! Marrie let me go on for awhile and then when she felt that she had enough she pulled up away and she gave me a pat and I and she then sat on the couch.

Since it was still early evening yet we both went and got a nce cold beer to drink along with turning on the tv and we watched it for awhile. Then later we also got something to snack on had a second beer and watched some more tv. Now it was about two hours later after doing all this. I was sitting while Marrie had laid out stretching out on the couch with me.

Marrie started playing with my occk. She wwas gently stroking it with her hand. She was trying to get me erect again before we went to bed. She even told me this. She was getting some sucess using her hand for my cock was in early stages of getting erect. It was moving around and bouncing up and down when she wasn't stroking her hand on it. Marrie giggled when she would se how hard it was when she had let go of it.

Then she leaned her head down along with her hand she was lightly stroking it she started giving me a bj! That made the difference. For soon my ock came back to life having gotten my ock fully erect. Marrie pulled her mouth of from it and she sat up. She leaned over to me and whispered; Are you ready for bed now? I told her I was. Then she told me she was too but needed to piss first before we did. So we got up form the couch and went directly nto the bathroom together.

Marrie put the seat down and told me to sit down. I did. Can I piss on you? she asked. I smiled with a big smile stretched out my arms wide and tld her to come here! Marrie giggled staraddled forward over my legs and plopped her ass down on my thighs. A few seconds later Marrie pissed hard all over my cock soakingit, my balls, and my entire crotch with hot piss. She gave me a good hard kiss right after she had stopped pissing.

Then what about you? she asked. I told her that I had to piss too. So Mrri reached down infront of her and between my thighs found my opck and held it. I like her started pissing in a few short seconds. What surprised me is that I could feel Marrie moving my ock around so that I was pisssing all over her crotch and moist likely her pussy too! MMM nice and warm Marrie said to me. I laughed a little. Marrie made sure that she was good and wet with my piss and when I stopped she got right up grabbed my hand pulled me up off the toilet and qwe went directly into my bedroom and got right on the bed togther with her laying stretched right out and she pulled me right on to pof her putting my ock right inside her pussy and we again screwed hard with both of us cumming hard. Then we snuggled right up togtthere and soon we both wre in dep sleep. To be continuied.

