Pissing girl to pissing girlfriend - Part 3

5th October 2006, 10:39 PM

Author: Desperate4Pee

Location: Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 3

Last part of the story

Next morning we woke up about the same time, we decided to get out of the bed, so I sat down at the side of he bed, and let my pee flow. She sat down next to me, and put her hand btween my legs, so that te pee streamed through her fingers. By the time I was done stood up splashed for fun with her feeds in my pee, and took me to my mother's room. There's a window about 2 meters high, wich she opened, then she stood in the open window, and peed downwards into the backgarden. She didn't oly have aiming-problems with penises, but also with her own vagina. The pee didn't only splash one floor downwards into the back garden, but also created a pach on the carped in my mum's room.

Now we had done our morning-pee, we ate our breakfast, and then decited to go to a swimmingpool. First of all we needed bathclothes for her, else we would have been send out realy soon. So we opended the wardrobe of my sister again, surprisingly we found one I expected my sister would have taken all her bikinis on vacantion. My girlfriend tried to put on the bikini, it fitted not realy as it should be, but we thought it's OK. Especially the bottom of the bikini was somewhat too small, her ass was only half-covered, and her pussy-lips weren't covered at all. Her bikini top was also not at the right size, I saw a little part of her nipples pointing out above the upper border of it. We should use this bikini because it was the only one in the wardrobe, and she looked very sexy in this too small yellow bikini.

I put all our stuff in a rucksack, and we headed towards the pool. After putting on our swimming clothes, we went over to the pool. I dived into it, and she followed me. But because her Bikini was somewhat too small, ber brests booped out of the bikini, so I put them back into it for her. Each time when she dives of jumps into the water her breasts came out of her bikini. Now we wanted to slide down the slide, arrived at the stairs from it, there was a huge line of people on it. We joined the line, but half way op my girlfriend had to pee badly, he said she wouln't make it anymore to the toilets and she started to pee. I saw the pee falling on the people underneath me, fortunately they didn't look upwards, probably because it is normal there's falling lots of water from the slide itself.

When we eventually reached the top of the stairs there were two slides going down, we both chsed an other one, and made a game who was down the first. I was the lucky one who was down the first, some seconds later she splashed into the water, and, as usual today, her breasts popped out of her bikini again. Because we were thirsty we took a drink each. It were huge cups and both of us found it hard to drink all of it.

There also was a souna overthere, so we took off our swimming-clothes, and went into the sauna. It was verry quiet over there, only one girl was sitting in it. We started chatting to her, and had a lot of fun, but suddenly she stood up, and said she had to go right now. When we asked why she did a bit strange and shy, but evenually she told us she had to pee realy baly. My girlfriend told her it didn't mind, and she had to stay, beause it was just so much fun, but she didn't listen to her. I decided to stand in front of the door, blocking the only way out.

She started to begging me letting her pass, if I wouldn't she would piss on the floor, and my girlfriend and I both told her that's ok. She looked at us a bit weard but went back to her place, but somewhat closer to us now. She tried to hold it some longer, because she was affraid peeing on the floor in front of others, now she couldn't sit still anymore. She started walking around the sauna, trying not to pee, and made the longer it takes, the more, stops, crossed her legs, and pressed her hands between her legs. Just when she was in font of us she lost control, peeing all over the sauna floor, at that moment we both kneeled in front of her to taste some of it. It tastes nice, but my girlfriens's pee tastes even nicer.

After she was finished peeing she went back to the sauna bench, and thanked us for the nice experience. My girlfriend lay down with her head on my lap, her hair tickeled a bit on my dick. After some mor chatting she had to go home. Now we had the whole sauna for us alone. I had to pee from the huge drink we had, so I let if flow al over her hair. When she felt the warmth of my pee reaching her head thrugh her hair, she kneeled in front of me, with her head beteen my legs, washing her hair with it. Then she lay back on my lap, and after a while she fall asleep in the sauna. While I was waiting until she woke up, I softly played a little with her pussy lips, wich became a littie wet soon. Now a group of people was entering the sauna, they saw me playing with her pussy but didn't say anything about it, so I went on.

After a while she woke up, a littl confused in such a warm, crowded and strange place. She soon remembered where she was, and sugested to go outside in the cool-down bath. So we went outside, and I jumped into the water. My girlfriend sat down on the edge of the pool. I asked why she didn't come into the water, soon my answer was given by splashing sound, witch turned the pool-water yellow. I moved into the stream of pee, wich was already stopping.

Then I kissed her pussy-lips, pulled her into the water, and hissed her other lips. After kissing for a while, we decitd to go homewards, after an other drink. We put our swim-clothes on again, and went to the bar in the pool and decited to take the same huge dinks as earlier that day. I took an icecube out of my drink and let it slowly slide down into her bikini bottom, leaving a wet line at the front side. She immidiately sat straight up in her chair from the unsuspected coldness on her pussy, and started giggling about it.

When we finished our drink, we went back home. She told me she wanted to go shopping, because this week the shops are open at sunday. I told her we would do it if she first drank some more. So she drank an other glases of water, and we left. We entered some clothes-shops, and she found some pants she wanted to fit. So we went into a cabin, pulled of her clothes and pulled the new one on, despite of the signs wich told us "if you want to fit clothes, keep our untherwear on". But if you don't wear untherwear, you can't keep it on, isn't it? When she had the first pair on, she wached it in the mirror, they fitted exactly, and she agreed too.

But soon a dark spot appeared in her crotch, and she told me this jeans didn't feel nice while peeing in it, so she would try other. The next pair of jeans was totaly soaked with a little spurt of pee, what she wasn't looking for a that moment. The third model of jeans was filled with a kind of fur. This felt great on her pussy she told me. She stood there a few seconds, without appearing any wet spot, so I asked her if she couldn't pe any more, but she tol me she was, nut it was not jet showing. Just after almost half a minute a dark spot became showing a little. This jeans was exactly what she was looking for, so she pulled them off, put them back and took an ther oune of the same type and size. ( The next costumer get some pee with her jeans for free )

In the next shop I took a pair of thin white pants for her, when she fitted it, it was a littie shining-thrugh and it was so tight that you could see her pussy-lips cleary. I liked what I saw, so I bought it for her, I even don't know she is thinking about those pants, but she probably like it too. I sugested a break with some cake and a drink, so we did. When we finished, and stood up, she stood there for a while, lookin at her chair. I asked her what was going on, and when I looked at her chair too, I saw a wet spot on it. She told me she even didn't knew she had peed a little. We went on, shopping some more. When we returned home, tired out a little, and put off our clothes, we lay down on the bench to rest for a while. She was so tired, she fell asleep, with her head on my chest, in a few seconds.

As she lay on me, I admired her beautifull, nude body. She looked so peasefull when she was sleeping. Soon I had to pee a little but I didn't want her to miss it, neither I wanted to wake her up. So I decited to hold on for a while until she woke up. She slept longer as I expected, this wasn't the worst thing, but she was also lieing on my bladder what didn't help me at all.

About 20 minutes later I became realy desperate, but I tried to hold on, just for her. It seemed she slept for ever, but eventually she wake up. I told her I had to pee realy bad, for a long time, and I wouldn't be able to hold it much longer. She asked me why I didn't pee in the bench, while she was asleep. So I told her I waited for her, so she didn't have to miss it. She smiled at me, gave me a kiss and told me she would like it if I hold it much longer. So I tried, I lay on the bench struggling to keep my pee inside.

To make it worse for me she started to hop up and down on my bladder, and I almost lost control. She wet to the kitchen for a huge bottle of water. When she walked to the kitchen I saw her bend over, and touching her cross, she was shurely desperate too. She told me I had to drink all of the water inside the bottle. Half way drinking the bottle, I had to stop, for concentrating on my bladder, and regain full control of it. When I finished drinking the bottle, she sat down on the bench between my legs, facing towards me and started tickling me.

I lay there for a few minutes trying to hold on, but suddenly I lost control for a while, and lost a spurt of pee, splashing richt into her pussy. After his spurt I couldn't hod it anymore and started pissing all over her body for about 40 seconds. Then the pressure on my bledder decreased, and the stream slowly stopped. She told me, with a wink, how dirty I was, and I had to clean her. So I started licking her clean from top to bottom. First starting her face, lower to her nice round tits, licking it carefully clean, without forgetting any part of it.

Now she started tapping with her feed, because of desperation to pee. I continued licking and when I reached her pussy-lips I gave it a good "wash" with mu tongue. While licking her pussy, she soon came, and lost control, peeing all over my face. I helped her cleaning it straightaway, by drinking it. After drinking some I used the rest to wash her body with by caching it with my hands and spreading it all over her body. We both were hungry now, but didn't want to cook. So we ordered a pizza. When it arrived the pizza arrived I ordered the carrier to come in, and let him put the pizza's on the kitchen table, both beeing naked around him, with her smelling a little like pee.

After dinner, I hang out her clothes, wich still were in the washing-machine, and then we went to bed. Both tired out of this weekend.

Next morning after getting up we both wake up in a totally wet bed, because we both peed in bed while sleeping. Unfortunately it was monday already, and we had to go back to school again.

She told me how nice her new experences were, and she wanted to do it more often.

Have you ever had somone sleeping for 3 nights at your house and after that even not knowing where the toilet is?

