Bless her heart

3rd July 2007, 04:20 AM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Lisa got home just after midnight. I had made myself comfortable stripping down to my underwear and was in my office on the computer when she came in. The room was dark because it is easier on my eyes and she turned on the light as she entered. «Hi shweety» she said. «Guess what I've been up to.» She came over behind my chair leaning over to hug me from behind. I could smell alcohol strongly on her breath. I turned in my chair and she flopped into my lap with a playful laugh. I got a good look at her at the same time feeling the wet dress she was wearing.

«Just what have you been up to» I ask. Suddenly she kissed me deeply and started to cry. «You're so good to me and I've been so bad» she sobbed. This took me by surprise. Lisa is usually so light hearted and carefree. «What is it honey, I promise it isn't that bad.» I said. «Yesh it is», She slurred. «I've gone too far this time but I just couldn't stop in time.» «It's OK honey, I reassured her, «Turn around here and tell me all about it.» I've got to pee first she said. «Go ahead honey.» I replied. «I'll be right back,» she said. «You don't have to go anywhere sweetie,» I said. She looked into my eyes with a knowing grin. Anything for you she said sadly. I'm telling you I was starting to get worried. I couldn't imagine anything she could do that I would be very mad about.

Lisa and her girlfriends had been out clubbing. It was a regular event. It usually met she come home a little drunk and with piss soaked panties. She always has been a big flirt and loves to tease. She knows how much I love it when she wets herself in front of some young stud giving him a flash of her panties, as they turn transparent with her hot pee. What could have her so upset tonight?

«Feel my panties before I pee» she said. It was more of a demand than a request. She got up and turned around setting on my lap with her back to me. As I started to comply with her request she grabbed my arm. «Honey, I love you sooo much.» She cried. «I know you do,» I said. «Honey what is it» I ask. Just tell me.» «Go ahead and feel, « she said, and closed her eyes with a dread look on her face. I gently rubbed up her inner thigh getting closer to the panties. Usually this is one of my greatest thrills but she had me kind of worried tonight.

Before I could get all the way she clenched her legs back together locking my hand between her thighs. «Please know that I love you,» she said. «I do know,» I answered. She reluctantly opened her legs letting my hand loose. I finally made it to the panties. With the palm of my hand I felt the crotch of her beautiful wet panties. The plain white cotton panties were wet as I suspected but I could also feel a gooey sticky mess that could only be male cum. Before I could say anything she begin to sob,» yes it's cum» My panties are full of cum. There must be gallons of cum in my panties.»

I grinned to myself as I continued to rub her through the wet sticky mess in her panties. To be truthful I thought she had been messing around for quite a while. I was kind of surprised to find out tonight must have been the first time. I don't think she would have been so mellow dramatic if it were not for the alcohol. I was getting a little amused not to mention I was as hard as a Cadillac axel in no time. She felt my hard dick pressing up against her ass and settled down a little. She snuggled deeper in my lap and repeated that she needed to pee. «Go ahead I said. She gave a low groan as I massaged her clit through the messy panties

. Soon I felt hot wetness soaking through to my hand and running over my hard dick. My own briefs were sopping in no time.

When she was done peeing she again stood and turned to face me. Leaning over to rub my dick through my own soaked underwear she kissed me hard and long, telling me over and over how much she loved me and begging me not to be mad. «Does it feel like I'm mad» I ask, glancing at her hand as she rubbed my hard dick. I told her how turned on I was and ask her to tell me every detail. She smiled sweetly and took my hand leading me to the bedroom. «Believe it or not my panties are so full of piss and cum because I didn't want to cheat on you,» she said. «Come with me and I'll tell you everything.»

