Swimming with Carol - Part #1

11th September 2008, 05:31 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Scott and Eric were the best of friends having grown up in the same neighborhood and attending the same schools since the first grade. Scott had two sisters,an older sister Carol, a senior in nursing school, four years older than he was who attended school out of town and used her dads older Ford to commute back and forth the 30 miles daily. His younger sister Tiffany was a year younger.

Whenever Scott and Eric got together the subject of their conversations was always girls, especially the hot ones in their class. As was usual one day when Eric was visiting Carol was busy helping her mom with the ironing. Scott and Eric were playing a video game in the basement not too far from where Carol was ironing. Carol always used to kid the guys about their perception of who was hot and who was not. On this particular hot day in August the temperature was forcast to reach nearly 100 degrees. Tiffany had gone swimming at a girlfriends house down the block but not before taunting her brother and Eric with her new bikini on the way out of the house.

Carol overheard Eric tell Scott he wished they could be invited to go swimming with Tiffany and her friends but he knew there was no chance. Carol bored out of her mind was also looking for something to do, some way of cooling off in the horrible heat. Soon she had a plan. She asked Eric and Scott if they were serious about going swimming. Knowing she had access to a car both guys answered yes, they were inteested. "Lets go" Carol said and put away the unfinished ironing. Scott grabbed his suit and a towel. Carol headed out without taking anything, Eric figured she must have palnned to go swimming and have her suit and a towel in the trunk.

As they got to the car Eric asked Carol if they could swing by his house so he could grab his suit. She smiled as she started the car. A few minutes Eric was dismayed as Carol drove right past his house without stopping. "You forgot to stop at my house" Eric said. "No, I didn't Carol replied". "But I don't have a suit with me a troubled Eric responded". "Neither do I Carol" said. Silence. Both Eric and Scott heard her reply but were afraid to ask any questions.

Carol drove for about 30 minutes before pulling off a two lane country road into a long winding gravel driveway. "Where are we?' Scott asked. "Were at place where we can cool off and go swimming" Carol responded. Getting out of the car the guys saw a pond, the size of several swimming pools with several shade trees off to one side. Getting out of the car Scott grabbed his suit and asked where he could change. Carol replied "Scott, we dont wear suits here, but I guess if you want to its OK, but, Eric and I don't have any, as a matter of fact we dont even have a towel".

Sitting in the drivers seat Carol removed her shoes and socks. "Come on guys. get naked with me, please" Carol said. Both guys stood there like statues. "OK, Carol said, your just shy". "I'm undressing" Carol replied as she removed her shirt revealing a blue sports bra. Shorts dropped her shorts to her ankles next. "I'm waiting guys." Scott recalled he had never seen either of his sisters completely naked before. Scott removed everything but his jocky shorts. Eric followed. Carol released the bra revealing a perfect set of what Eric later learned were 33B's. Carol, now walking closer to the guys and observing the swelling cause of their embarrasment removed her panties revealing a thick dark patch of pubic hair. Carol took off running toward the water and dived in. Eric and Scott reluctanatly removed their Jocky's and joined her in the water.

To be continued.

