Peeing while hiking

25th April 2008, 01:45 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Before I begin my story I should remind you I was born and raised a nudist. My rents discovered nudism about a year before I was born. We basically lived nude at home unless non nudist company were visiting. All of this information has little to do with my story, except perhaps to set the tone.

I'm now 23 years old and working as a registered nurse. Late last summer my boyfriend Josh and I decuded to do some nude hiking. Nude hiking requires some advance planning, first and foremost is location. We chose a trail in the Cuyahoga Valley on a warm Saturday late in September and arrived about 8:00 AM. Josh wore shorts and sturdy leather hiking boots with heavy cotton socks. I wore a long dark borwn Tee shirt, which covered adequately down to about 4 inches above my knees, and an old pair of Rebocks and heavy socks.

We brought along water and our cell phones in an insulated tote bag. The bag was large enough to stuff his shorts and my Tee shirt in next to the water and phones. Usually when hiking its sometimes possible to spot other hikers quite a distance away. If its not easy to spot them usually if you stop and listen for a second you can hear laughter ot talking in the distance and know others are aproaching and its time to cover up. In the two years Josh and I have been hiking we have been cought nude without warning on two occasions. Both times the other hikers appeared in a clearing where the trail took a sudden bend. The first time we encountered a family. We had heard them coming and before we were dressed they appeared.

We apologized, turned our backs and quickly finished donning out outfits. After some momentary nasty looks we resumed our respective hikes and went on our way. We disrobed inediately after loosing site of them and continued hiking. The second encounter which occured several months later was a bit different. We had observed this couple which were our own aproxamete ages about 400 feet away from us and on a dare from Josh we both decided not to cover up but to continue hiking and pretend to be surprised as they approached. When we both were about 100 feet away they stopped their chatter and pretended not to see us untill we were about 15 feet apart. Josh merely said "please excuse us, we did not see you coming". The female of embarrased pair replied, "well, I wish I had your nerve, that looks like fun". Neither of us stopped to chat but continued on our way.

This particular Saturday it was about 80 degrees with no wind and very low humidity. We had stopped for coffee twice on our way to the trail and had both consumed a leiter bottle of water. After an hour of hiking both of us had to pee. Generally we just would stop, I'd squat off the trail and Josh would merely find a nearby tree. This Saturday tho for some reason I was teasing Josh into holding it a bit longer on the pretense of finding "the right spot". Finally Josh said "I can't wait any longer". I said "keep walking". Josh replied "OK, But I'm going to go, I just can't wait". I turned toward him and saw him peeing as he walked along. His stream went absolutely everywhere in response to his body's motion.

Most of it landed about a foot in front of him, buit some got on his shoes. Josh smiled and continued walking and peeing before "shutting off" without completely emptying his bladder. We hiked for another three or four minutes before i told him "now we can stop, I have to go". "No way" he said, were not stopping. "If you have to go, just go". "Too messy" I said just as I stopped. Josh grabbed my hand and gently pulled me along with him. By this time I really was desperate and had to go. Soon I found myself releasing as we walked along. Most of it simply ran down my legs and soaked into my socks or splashed all over my shoes. It was wonderfull, the feeling of the warm sun, the gentle breeze and the pleasure of peeing without the concern of trying to aim any particular place. When I finally finsihed peeing I saw Josh had a raging erection.

We continued hiking untill we came to a small stream where we both waded in up to our waist to rinse off. We wrung out our socks and poured the excess water out of our shoes before starting back. We encountered three other groups and quickly convered up before passing them. Oh the way home in his truck, we both decided to buy new shoes and keep these for special hikes. Neither of us can wait for warm weather again.

