Something in the interim

29th April 2010, 06:41 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

I am posting this here, partly because not sure where else it belongs....

If anyone believes me... I don't care.

I had requests for instructions. Those of you that have read Corporate Ladder might recognize the game, so here are the rough rules:

These are the un-official rules...

By the un-official creator...

Of the un-official drinking game...

PEE SHOTS!!!

Contents:

0.0: Prep

1.0: Rules

2.0: Tips

5.0: Uhh, legal?

****

*0.0: Preparations *

****

Ok, you will need supplies:

9 shot glasses (minimum)

1 bottle of Rum

1 bottle of Bourbon

1 bottle of Scotch

1 bottle of Vodka

1 bottle of Gin

1 bottle of Whiskey

Some Beer...

... And a full bladder!

The object is to have a variety of dark and clear. This should allow you to mix a shot to match pretty much any color. I would really suggest a bottle of Johnny Walker Gold

; it could be the closest color to actual pee without mixing, but just as a standby.

Now any good mixologist or long time player of the game should be able to get the color right on the fly, but if you are planning this for the first time you may want to practice a bit. Just pee in a clear cup and then try various mixes until you feel comfortable.

It is also important that you keep the alcohol at room temperature. The best would be to actually warm it slightly. Not only will it make it harder to distinguish, but warm alcohol will actually get you buzzed faster.

****

*1.0: Rules *

****

The object of each round is to decide which shot is alcohol and which are not. You must then drink all the real alcohol shots to pass the round.

The basic rules are fairly simple.

The game consists of 3 rounds.

Each round has 9 shots.

If a player can make it through all 3 rounds, it is his/her turn to serve.

The advanced rules are also simple.

1. No smelling!!!

It is almost sure to be a dead giveaway if they are allowed to smell each shot before consuming it.

2. If you lift a glass you must drink it.

This follows the first rule. Depending on how fast they are to consume it, they may get an odor first.

3. If you drink a pee shot you have to finish the round.

Should the player miss, they must finish ever shot in that round. They are also out.

4. If you do manage to not get a pee shot, but still miss an alcohol shot, you have to finish the round.

This rule can apply two ways:

A. You finish all shots in the round and are out.

B. You finish all shots in the round and move on to the next, but will not be able to serve if you make it through all 3 rounds.

5. Each round must contain a ratio of a least 8:1.

That is to say you cannot make a round of all pee or one of all alcohol.

6. Opt out and hints.

The player can concede at anytime. The player can also ask for one hint. The only hint that can be provided is the alcoholee ratio. The ratio is to be given, but not clarified. This hint can only be used ONCE in a 3 round play.

(Example: &#65533;Ratio please?&#65533;

&#65533;This round is 2:7.&#65533;

&#65533;Is that pee:alcohol or alcoholee?&#65533;

&#65533;Yes!&#65533

This not really a rule so much as a guideline: If the server cannot provide the pee for himself/herself for any reason, they are allowed to have a fill in pisser.

****

*2.0: Tips *

****

This is ways to improve the fun or difficulty of the game.

The beer is there for 2 reasons. Color mixing as well as scent deception. A good mixed shot with a hint of beer can be almost mistaken for pee.

Change up the ratio. The best way to screw someone out of a round is to have almost all of one or the other. Besides if you stack the first two rounds with alcohol, by the third round they will probably be buzzing hard enough to lose track.

Get multiple players. If you have enough glasses get 2 or 3 playing a round at the same time. Each of them will be trying to psyche out the others.

Have the crowd chant, "Take a Leak, Take a Drink!!" Since this is an un-official game, it deserves and un-official chant.

I know this is up in prep, but it bears repeating... if you can find a way to warm the alcohol, or even the glasses just a little it will make it harder for the player to tell the difference. Some suggestions are a hot plate on low, chafing-dish, or just set the oven to a really low temp and set them inside.

****

*5.0: Uhh, Legal? *

****

This is an un-official game. Therefore the rules can be changed by anyone for any reason they see fit. I hold no responsibility for you trying it. If you drink way too much, get sick everywhere, contract a disease, burn or set anything on fire, get the life beat out of you, etc... I am not responsible. You play at your own risk.

NOW THAT THE SCARY STUFF IS DONE.... GO CRAZY!!!!!!

