A Third Dream

12th November 2009, 07:22 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Other dreams I've written about can be found here and here .

###

I am wandering through some sort of vast museum. At least, it looks like a museum, although it is remarkable for the variation in its exhibits. In some rooms are various types of art (and some stuff that I think is supposed to be art, though it doesn't look like it); other rooms contain historical dioramas, or taxidermied animals, or dinosaur bones; there are chemistry and physics experiments in progress; and one room is devoted to what looks like a cafeteria, except that, instead of eating, museum-goers are examining the food and loudly commenting on its artistic properties.

I am completely lost. I have tried asking directions, but the people ignore me and continue expounding pretentiously about art or heckling those in charge of the experiments. The only maps I have seen are road maps of foreign countries framed as art.

I enter a large room having its walls painted with a large mural of prehistoric aquatic life. There are a few fish skeletons on the walls, one of them almost nine feet long, but there is also much wall space obviously wasted. The floor is filled with large, stone tubs mostly full of water, each shaped like a large bowl some five or six feet in diameter and mounted on a short pedestal, and for some reason I come to the conclusion that, unlike the fish skeletons, these were hastily moved in here earlier today. There are at least twenty of them.

Apart from myself, the only person in the room is a well-proportioned lady standing uncomfortably under the largest fish skeleton wearing a professional-looking, white buttoned shirt and a floral-patterned, knee-length skirt. Her hair is a dirty blonde and shoulder length; it swings back and forth slightly as she shifts her weight from foot to foot, which she does every few seconds.

She is a teacher, I somehow know, though I have never seen her before. I also know that she is assistant to another teacher, who has assigned her to stand here and give a short archaeological lecture to each of the students in their class, whenever they show up in the room. It does not occur to me how inefficient this method is.

Unlike everyone else in the place, she is willing to talk to me; indeed, she seems happy to have anyone to talk to at all. I introduce myself, and she tells me that her name is Jan, short for January. Casting about for a topic of conversation, I point out the bizarreness of the stone tubs, and it turns out that she knows a lot about them, which she proceeds to tell me. I do not recognize her words or know what language she is speaking, but her meaning is entirely clear.

It appears that this evening after the museum closes, this room will be host to a bizarre party, as it has done annually for several centuries now. Participants, both male and female, will enter the room naked, and sit three or four in each bowl. Once there, they will stay seated until dawn; it is considered more rude to get up, Jan stresses, than to urinate on one's fellow bathers. Servitors will bring food and drink to them, as well as the devices required for the evening's entertainment.

At this point, I curiously touch the water in the nearest bowl; expecting to find it cold, I am surprised to find it exactly the same temperature as my fingertips. At the sound of the tiny splash, Jan gasps, and presses her skirt into her crotch with both hands. I apologize for causing this, although other than her occasional fidgeting, there was no way to tell how much she needed a toilet. Jan regains control of herself and says that it was not my fault, then carefully examines the front of her skirt, sighing with relief when she discovers that it is not stained. I must not get this wet, she informs me, it would be unprofessional.

Rather running off to seek a toilet somewhere, she removes the skirt. It turns out to be a single piece of cloth almost three yards long wrapped a corresponding number of times about her slim waist and secured with a narrow leather belt. She folds the skirt neatly and places it on the floor behind the support pillar of the nearest stone bowl. She was wearing nothing underneath it; what appeared at first glance to be some sort of petticoat turns out to be the internal wrappings of the skirt. The tails of her shirt, now loose, almost covers her crotch but not quite. An amount of neatly trimmed black fur is visible beneath it. I choose not to mention this. My penis stiffens, invisibly I hope.

She now keeps her right hand almost continually between her legs in an effort to keep herself continent. I am much more interested in this than in her descriptions of the bizarre rituals this evening's party-goers will perform, which will apparently involve rubber rings, staffs of yew, and a device I have never heard of before but which I can see clearly in my mind. It looks like a cross between an 18-inch-long larding needle and a mouse's automatic baseball pitcher.

Jan is just explaining where and how this thing is to be inserted when we are interrupted. She quickly removes her hand from her crotch and, attempting to pretend that it was never there, introduces a young lady standing in the doorway as Maria, one of her students. Maria is dressed casually in jeans and a light blue t-shirt bearing a dark blue line drawing of a tiger running on a large gerbil-type exercise wheel, and she is either singularly unobservant or quite used to the sight of her teacher standing around half naked while talking unconcernedly to a strange gentleman, for she makes no comment.

Jan motions her pupil to a small, straight-backed chair that wasn't there a minute ago and launches into a carefully-prepared lecture about a fur-bearing, amphibious organism, now extinct, while pacing back and forth very uncomfortably due to the need to keep her hands off her quim. Watching her from a little distance, I notice that her feet are bare on the smooth stone floor. I also remark that Maria seems just as ill at ease, fidgeting continuously in her seat. Jan turns toward the wall for a moment to clutch herself tightly, then turns back and continues speaking. I am pretty sure the bulge in my pants is noticeable, but there is little I can do about that.

Suddenly, Maria cries out and grabs at the crotch of her jeans. Liquid sprays between her fingers, getting all over Jan's legs and the floor; some of it even reaches the wall under the giant fish skeleton. With urine still dribbling out from the hems of her pants, crying, she runs from the room, leaving a trail of drops on the floor.

Jan seems paralyzed for a moment. Then, hobbling as quickly as she can with both hands jammed onto (practically into) her urethra, she moves to the nearest tub and hops up to sit on the rim. There follows a loud hissing and a noise of water splashing as Jan sighs deeply and leans forward, her shirt-covered breasts resting on her lower thighs, just letting it run out of her body. This goes on for some time. I walk over for a closer look. Finally, she sits up and smiles weakly. Her shirt, damp and accidentally pushed aside, discloses dripping pubic hair and a soft, pink opening. That's so much better, she tells me unnecessarily. I nod.

