More reality peeing

5th October 2009, 07:28 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Here goes another "reality" peeing story. While deffinetely not as exciting or erotic as some stories on here its an actual account of a recent pee party my husband and I attended.

As usual my husband of 16 months and I began preparing for this weekends party two days before by slowly increasing our liquid intake. The problem with this is by Friday afternoon while still working I have to head for the restroom about every 90 minutes. Friday night, the night before the party were both constantly sipping water or juice or some other non alcoholic liquid.

Our group consists of about 7 couples, Generally four or five can be counted on to always be present, although maybe around the holidays we may have everyone there. I understand everyone always shows up whenever a new couple is present. My husband Josh and I are the last "newbies" to join the group, so we have not experienced an "initiation party" other than our own. Parties are mostly scheduld no less than about every 5 weeks as all of us do have other interests in life (nudism for Josh and me).

This last aprty we attended was in the home of one of the couples. Theyare in their late 40's. Their teenage offspring were all packed off to grandmas for the weekend on the pretext she needed help with yardwork or something like that.

By 7:00 PM all 5 couples had arrived and the party started off as any other party does, Women talking about the kids, guys talking about work, or in at least one case in our group, the lack of work. The guys always intermix talk of sports and a bit of politics. We women of course have more meaningfull and intelligent conversations. All the while everyone is consuming liquids at a rather hihg rate. One disadvantage of this is simply having to pee before anyone else in the group is ready to play and having to empty your bladder early. One trick I learned in these situations is to dribble out just enough to take the edge off without completely voiding every last drop. It takes practice to stop midstream and then relax enough to rejoin the group.

In our group most couples arrive dressed casually in sweats and old sports shoes. Josh and I have old shoes kept outside all the time just for these parties. One woman always dresses up in a party dress and jewlry. She never undresses prefering to wear this outfit all evening no matter how wet it gets. Others remove enough to get comfortable, some cover back up after a "session". Josh and I being realtime nudists are quite comfortable remaining 100% naked all evening. Activities vary depending on the mood and requests of the participants.

Recently we have been drawing numbers as we arrive for the party and when your number is drawn you announce what you wish for that particular session. The wife in the party dress always wants to get soaked, generally by the next person who has to go. Sometimes guys will ask for an open mouth to deposit in, or will ask for the next person who has to go to to straddle them. Most of the time the guys prefer women as partners. In two of the 5 couples the husbands will not partner with another guy. Everyones wishes are alwars fully respected. Occasionally, but not often" someone may say "i'll pass" prefering to sit out some activity they dislike. Someone else always steps up to repalce them.

Josh became indroctinated several parties ago while drinking from a peeing pussy, when two guys drenched both his partner and himself, Josh was so engrossed in what he was enjoying it did not bother him that he was getting soaked form a couple of guys.

Between sessions we spend our time talking just like regular parties. It was during one of these talks that another husband assured Josh he was not gay, or even bi and while he would never seek out another guy as a partner if he ended up getting soaked by another guy it was all part of the evening.

On this Saturday night, the wife in the party dress went first, one of the other wives obliged her. Josh, being the non prude he has become, asked if anyone was thirsty. All eyes turned to me, so I obliged, I'm not a fan of drinking but I do make exceptions at a party. Generally I just let it run back out of my open mouth, but since this was my husband I tried for 100% consumption. I maybe made 50%. Next one of the husbands asked for a volunteer to sit on his face and fill him up. I obliged him. I'm not sure if I can talk about the funnel incident here, so I'll skip that session.

The party went on till midnight, the sessions intermixed with watching pee movies on the flatscreen, eating, and just conversation in general. As a final session the last person who draws a number gets to lay on the floor surrounded by the other nine....

It was interesting to note during the movie we watched we saw two women get drenched for at least 30 minutes straight by what must have been a bus load of guys. At least four were always going while maybe 6 or 7 surrounded her. No reality here for sure.

More later, Emily and Josh

