Jen and Joe - Part 7

8th July 2006, 08:15 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 7 - The Trip

It had been several days since our last day out at the lake, and I was feeling some withdrawal symptoms from no pee play. I suppose I got spoiled pretty quickly. I was thrilled when Jen called and suggested we take a road trip for a few days to get away. We had both been working too hard on our jobs, and of course were both ready to explore some more wet games too.

I picked up Jen the following Saturday morning, for our trip to the mountains. We had both managed to arrange a week off work, and the thought of that much rest and relaxation was wonderful - as was the thought that we might have a little wet fun on our trip. «Why do you need all this stuff?» I asked, as Jen put three smallish suitcases in the car. «What, you don't want me to bring a few extra clothes"?» Jen asked while smiling at me sideways. «Oh. Well yes, of course,» I laughed, happy to hear she was up for some fun.

We had packed a cooler with some drinks and food. As we headed out to the interstate, Jen opened up a bottle of water and slowly drank it down. «Be careful how much water you drink Jen.»

«I don't like to have to stop all the time,» I halfway joked with her. She smiled back «Don't worry - I'll wait till you have to stop for fuel. If I get too desperate, I'll just wet my pants on your seat again anyway,» she laughed. I told her that as sexy as that was, I thought she would rather have a dry seat for all the driving we had to do.

About three hours down the road, I began to get the sense that Jen had to pee. Sure enough, five minutes later came the question, «How long until you need to get gas?»

«Gotta pee huh?» I kidded her just a little. «Well, yes, but I can wait a little longer.»

«Don't worry, I'll stop at the next services - we can go ahead and fill up.» A few miles down the road I saw a sign for a filling station, and exited the highway. Pulling up to the pump, I could see Jen squeezing her legs together tightly. It was a smallish gas station, with only four pumps in two islands. Jen hopped out right away, and I watched her perfect butt in her tight jeans as she headed for the store, while I began to fill up the car.

It turns out that it is one of those places with a key for each restroom. Jen came back out while I was filling the car, obviously still needing to pee. «Ok, I really have to pee,» she said, «and there is already someone in the bathroom.»

«Well, just go inside and wait for the key,» I said. «You know,» I smiled, «you could go in there and have an «accident' while waiting for the key"»

«Oh God, that would be totally hot» she panted, «I don't think I have the nerve.» I mentioned that she seemed to be really getting into the public wetting thing with her drive-through window wetting the previous week. «Yes it's really hot - but I'm scared.»

«Ok, suit yourself. Hopefully the bathroom will open up soon.»

Jen just leaned against the car as the tank filled. «Joe, did you pay ahead, or do you have to go inside.»

«It's paid for"we're almost ready to go.» I answered. She looked at me, then to each side, «Joe, watch this.» She stood still right where she was, leaning against the car, and looked down at her crotch. «Ahh, relief,» she sighed. A dark patch appeared immediately, as she let go the flood she was holding. Her pee rushed out into her panties and jeans, and I watched intently as the dark patch glistened brightly in the sunlight and spread out, racing down both her legs. Within seconds her jeans were soaked, and a puddle began to spread around her feet on the concrete.

Jen had her eyes half-closed, enjoying the sensation of wetting her pants. The wetness continued to spread on her jeans, and the puddle at her feet just got bigger and bigger. It was so hot to see her wetting outside at the gas pump - I could not believe that nobody drove up right then and caught us. Eventually she ran out of pee, and opening her eyes said, «Wow! That felt so good.»

«Look at me - I'm soaked!» She turned around to show off all angles of her tight jeans. I couldn't help reaching out to squeeze her wet butt and kiss her hard on the neck, then lips. Coming back to reality quickly, we jumped in the car and pulled away. «Do you think anyone saw me?» Jen asked as she wiggled out of the wet jeans. «I don't think so.» I thought she would be glad, but I asked her if she was relieved. «Of course - but to be honest, I'm disappointed that nobody even drove by.»

«I don't know why, but I'm getting a huge buzz thinking about someone catching me while peeing myself.» I responded that we were far from home now and «Life is short.» She just smiled back at me.

Two hours down the road, and another bottle of water later, I saw Jen begin to bounce her legs around a bit. «Do you have to pee again?» I asked. «Oh yeah"getting bad.» She said. «Do you want me to stop now?»

«No keep driving - I can hold it a while longer.» I drove on for a while, then told her that I didn't mind stopping. «Do you need to get gas again?» Jen asked, looking at the gauges. «Well, we can keep going for awhile, but I'll stop at the next station - I don't want you to flood the seat right now. It looks like you are about to lose control.»

«Yeah that's what I'm hoping for. Joe, I can't get the idea out of my head - I'm so hot thinking about having a public accident that I am near orgasm.»

«If I get to the bursting point, maybe I won't lose my nerve again.» My heart was racing as I listened to Jen, watching her hold herself between her legs, trying not to pee in the car seat. The jeans she was wearing now were a little lighter than the ones from earlier. I knew if she wet them around anyone, they would certainly notice.

The next exit soon appeared, and we pulled off the road into a combination gas station / sub sandwich shop. I got some gas and we both went inside to pay and get a sandwich. As we waited in line to pay for the gas, Jen was mostly discreet with her need, but you could still tell she was dying to pee if you looked closely. She looked so hot in her tight blue jeans that I know people had to be noticing her. We got to the cashier and as I paid, Jen asked her where the bathrooms were. «They are over in the sandwich side, hon»

«looks like you better get over there quick.»

«Yeah,» said Jen, «I'm about to have an accident.» Two or three folks behind us heard her and stared as she walked ahead of me toward the Blimpie sub shop.

We placed our order and while I waited for the sandwiches, Jen asked where the bathroom was. The girl pointed to a door just a few feet away, and Jen walked a bit quickly over to it, to find that it was locked. «I think somebody is in there,» said the girl at the counter. Jen replied «I hope she gets out soon - I'm really desperate.» We sat down to eat, side by side in a booth.

Jen sat on the outside of course, and in a minute went over to the bathroom door again and knocked. «Just a minute please,» was the answer Jen heard. She sat down again next to me, and I could see her shaking a bit, with both lust and nerves. «Jen, we can leave right now - you can back out - it's okay.»

«No,» she said, still shaking, «Watch this» Sitting next to me, legs together, Jen looked down at her lap. I heard her sigh and felt her body relax. I stared down at the V where her legs met, shaking a bit myself now, and watched a dark wet spot begin to glisten in the light. «Oh my God,» I whispered to her. She was really doing it.

«Oh no!» she said out loud. Not a yell, but loud enough for anyone to hear within ten feet. She let it flow for a full ten seconds or so, then somehow clamped off the flow. Getting up to try the bathroom door again, people were staring at the big wet spot on her ass. She really has the most perfectly shaped ass, and I could barely keep my hands off myself staring at the soaked denim clinging to her. She tried the door again, of course knowing it was still locked. Jen turned around, leaning against the wall next to the bathroom door, holding herself between the legs.

«Oh no! - I can't hold it - it's too late!» She exclaimed out loud, as at least a half dozen people looked on. Jen moved her hands to her side, and visibly relaxed, the small wet patch between her legs suddenly and rapidly expanding and spreading out and down her legs. Jen closed her eyes and lowered her head, unable to stop the flood now even if she tried. I could hear the hiss as her bladder endlessly emptied in her tight jeans and down her legs. The entire front of her jeans were soaked all the way down her legs, and a big puddle of pee was spreading in a circle around her sandals.

«Oh God, I'm so sorry,» she said, turning around to face the wall in embarrassment. Of course this only served to show the beautiful wetness spreading halfway up her ass and all down both legs. The pee continued to run off her cuffs for a few more seconds, as I got up from the table to reach out to her. At this point, she just ran out the front door to the car, leaving our sandwiches sitting on the table. I followed and jumped in the driver's seat and got us out of the parking lot fast. I was shaking too much to drive, and pulled off into the first big parking area I saw. «Holy cow»

«I can't believe you did that!» I said in a bit of shock. «Me either!» said Jen, while unbuttoning her jeans. She reached her hands down inside her wet pants and came explosively in seconds, while I grabbed myself to the same result.

Somehow, we came down off the high we were on and got cleaned up and on our way north. A couple hours later it was getting dark and I pulled into a decent looking hotel - two floors, swimming pool, etc. We were pretty much in the mountains now, but were too tired to go any farther. Jen wanted to stop for the night now anyway, as she had to pee again and was ready to stop for the night. We walked together to the lobby, hand in hand, totally content.

Joe H.

