Sophie Rxx1 Visits The Apprentice Pisser House Part 3

13th March 2014, 09:58 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

For those of you who missed (or indeed weren't born!) when i posted Parts 1 and 2; they are

$t/community/...prentice+pisser

$t/community/...prentice+pisser

Part 3 features naughty peeing, so if you're not into *****ing you may wish to leave now.

Sophie rang the doorbell of the large and imposing house. It was in the middle of the countryside miles from anywhere, presumably so no-one could complain about the outrageous goings on.

The door opened and a beautiful woman in her mid twenties opened the door. She had medium length blonde hair, a pleasant open face and was wearing a short, elegant summer dress, white with a floral pattern.

"Sophie?" she queried

"Yep. err... Sophie?" came the response.

" That's me".

"This may be tricky" laughed Sophie Rxx1. "Do you have a nickname?"

"I do" said the presenter. "I was called Nikki wet knicks at school cause I was always wetting myself. The other girls thought I had a little bladder. Little did they know it was always..or I should say usually for pleasure! We've all been caught out occasionally"

"Yes..I've been there" laughed Sophie. "I'll call you Nikki then"

"Anyway Come in, Come in.." said 'Nikki' and led the way through the entrance hall .

It was fair to say that the mansion was luxurious beyond Sophie's wildest dreams. Rooms with double-height floor to ceiling windows. Beautiful bespoke kitchens, a lovely spiral staircase. The TV crew had been determined to emulate Messrs Trump and Sugar with luxurious furnishings at every turn.

As they walked Nikki explained that the bedrooms with ensuite were for the showhosts. The other girls had to share the toilets in the two communal bathrooms.

Nikki took Sophie into the kitchen, where she introduced her to Maggie and Sharon.

A bottle of champagne was opened, greetings were made and the 4 ladies shared a toast and were soon chatting like old friends.

"as you know" said Nikki. "we not just presenters going through the motions..we love everything about pissing"

"We've read your posts on psearch" added Maggie "& love them. Especially the naughty volleyball pee and afterwards when you supported Sarah when she needed to have a wee on the coach seat..it was great how you described all the detail"

"Yes, and reading about your wee-kly challenges. They are brilliant"

"So we thought you'd be perfect to judge the next contest in The Apprentice Pisser"

"I am so excited to be here" said Sophie "I wanted to ask you something...are there cameras in the loos here?"

Maggie laughed "Oh you are a woman after my own heart" she said "Yes, there are. The girls have been told there are camera all over the house, but unlike the ones in other rooms, we keep these hidden so they don't play up to them..there's one in each cubicle bowl, as well as ones above the loos, so you can get some great views"

"We can have a look later" said Sharon but we had better give you the guided tour now, as we'll be starting the task in about an hour

"Well, before we do the tour, I had better use the loo" said Sophie

"I'll show you where it is" said Nikki, and she led Sophie off to a fantastic large bathroom on the ground floor.

As they were approaching, Sophie saw Helen emerge from her bedroom, carrying a towel and clean clothes, heading for the bathroom

Nikki hailed her and Helen turned. Nikki made the introductions, and Sophie said

"I've enjoyed watching you on the show. You're a great contestant...when you used the loo in front of everyone, that was fantastic"

"Thanks" said Helen. "We must chat more, but I've run myself a bath, so I don't want the water to get cold"

"Of course" Sophie smiled pleasantly. "Can I just nip in to use the loo?"

"Sure" smiled Helen pleasantly.

Sophie entered, closing and locking the door. The bathroom was huge, the size of a small nation. On one side were two stalls separated by a partition wall clearly erected by the producers to give the illusion of privacy.

On the other was an enormous bath filled with water, and bubble bath. Sophie began walking towards the cubicles when she had a naughty idea

Helen had said she didn't want the water to get cold..well being a kind and thoughtful girl, Sophie thought she could help with that.

She slowly unhooked her shortish white skirt and gently let it fall to the floor, almost as if performing a striptease. Though there was no audience, it made her feel sexy and helped get her in the mood for what she was about to do. Then hooking her fingers into the waistband of her yellow thong, she slowly, gently peeled it off. She was definitely in the mood to be a naughty girl.

The far end of the bath where the taps were was narrow enough for her to stand. She planted her feet firmly, one on each side of the bath, so she was now facing toward the other end of the bath, in front of her nothing but bath water..not that it was visible as it was covered in bubbles from the luxury bubble bath Helen was using. Sophie crouched down. She could hardly believe she was here, in The Pissing Apprentice house. Let alone that not twenty minutes into her visit, she was going to be pissing in a contestant's bathwater. She looked down at her naked legs and pussy. She wanted to see her wee as it emerged. She imagined what she was about to do and a smile played upon her lips.

After a few seconds she could feel herself relax and enjoyed that magical split second where her wee was past the point of no return, but had not yet exited her body. That split second later, with a powerful hiss her amber stream began to shoot forward.

It felt really naughty. Her hot wee arced proudly into the air, like a golden rainbow, and then fell streaming into the bath water, making little splashes where it landed, like rain falling onto a pond. It made some noise but Sophie was sure not enough to cause suspicion..she was past the point of no return anyway. Sophie was enjoying the pleasant sensation of relief she always got when having a wee, but more than that, it was combined with that incredible feeling of excitement in the pit of her stomach that she was doing something very naughty and forbidden.

Moreover, knowing that Helen was outside the door just a few feet away made it even more thrilling.

As the wee continued to flow out of her, splashing into the bathwater and heating it up, Sophie gave a gentle sigh of sheer pleasure. Helen's bathwater was geting an extra special ingredient, thanks to her. And the bubblebath covered a multitude of sins! It felt incredible and Sophie even closed her eyes for a few seconds, just enjoying the feeling, an ear to ear grin on her face..

She had by no means been bursting, but her beautiful stream of piss flowed for a good 30 seconds, and by carefully moving her hips she ensured the golden liquid enhanced as much of the bathwater as possible. All too soon however her stream began to slow to a trickle, and soon she was shaking off the last drops and stepping off the bath. She looked into the bath and though no-one could tell what she had done, she felt a surge of pride knowing she'd been brave enough to do something so mischievous. She giggled to herself as she imagined Helen lying in the bath. She would have to access the footage later, to watch the moment when Helen slipped into her golden bath!

Moving to the toilets, she pulled off a few sheets of toilet paper, wiped herself and throwing the paper in the toilet, flushed it.

She wondered whether she should feel guilty, but she reminded herself this was The pissing apprentice..each girl had signed up saying they were prepared to be pissed on in their pursuit of the huge cash prize, and all she had done was kindly ensure Helen's bathwater stayed hot.

Replacing her underwear and skirt, she exited the bathroom. She couldn't resist offering "Enjoy your bath" as she passed Helen, and she kept imagining Helen slipping her towel off and stepping into the lovely hot bubble bath, never suspecting it was enhanced by her lovely wee

Her hosts gave her a tour of the house, explaining their plan for the day as they walked.

"When we were chatting about you coming up here, you told us you really enjoyed watching the girls use the toilets in the earlier show"

"That's right" added Sharon, "& you really got a kick from when the distractors made use of the lavatory in the holding contest."

"So" Nikki picked up "Our idea for today is we hide you in one of the cubicles in the bathroom, where there is a little peephole. We then tell the girls they have to use the loo before we start the contest. They'll all have to come in and use the toilet in the neighbouring cubicle one by one, and you will get to see, and hear, everything."

Sharon then outlined how after every girl had been to the toilet, they would reveal Sophie, who would judge who gave the worst wee..who would be fired.

Sophie, however, had stopped listening by this point. She was going to get to see and hear all the contestants on the toilet. How amazing was that!!

Finally the tour was over and they arrived at her room

"If you meet us downstairs in about three quarters of an hour, we'll make a start" said Maggie.

*****

It bears repeating that Sophie Rxx1 is aware of and happy for me to use her character in these stories

