The awakening part2

9th December 2010, 05:49 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Awakening part 2... This is a true story, as I remember it, the exact chronological sequence may not be correct ( it was a long time ago) and bits have been left out to avoid anyone being identified, though if any of the other 12 people who were with us read this, which I doubt, they would have no problem working out who I am, and if anyone does recognise me from this... please get in touch :-)

So I'm sitting beside this very pretty girl, who I've just watched taking a pee and who has held my cock while I pissed, and kissed the tip when I finished...

And two things occur to me, firstly I am incredibly horny and secondly, though my original interest was just seeing a girl showing me her pussy, what is really turning me on is the memory of watching her pee, and although I love to play with her wet slit, what I really want, is to see her pee again.

There follows what would have been an uncomfortable silence and I'm desperately trying to think of something to say, and I can't remember the exact words but I managed to blurt out something like... thats not fair, I only got to see you pee, you held me while I did it... or words to that effect. Without saying anything, she slid her jeans completely off and pulled her panties down to her knees and squatted in front of me, there followed a moment of intense concentration on her part as she spread her lips and gently stroked the length of her pussy, slowly a few drips emerged and then a small trickle. I reached out and touched her hand and she took mine and placed it in the stream, from there I can't remember exactly what I did but I certainly remember touching her clit and trying to get a finger inside her, the stream would stop and start and I just sat back to watch. When she had squeezed the last drops out, she started to rub her clit in a slow circular motion.

By now my cock is like iron, I unfasten my zip and try to get it out but its just too hard so I end up unfastening my jeans and pulling them down, still kneeling in front of her. My cock is pointing skywards and I slowly start to masturbate, she kneels too and sort of spreads her knees and hunkers back, in rhythm with my cock stroking, she begins to rub herself, I badly needed to cum, but at the same time I didn't want the moment to end, I raise my eyes to look at her face and she's looking at me, her face is absolutely beautiful and its nothing to do with her features, though she is very pretty, it comes from a mixture of lust, happiness and expectation.

By now, both of us are mastubating furiously, and although I cant claim that we came together, it was close. I moved round and lay beside her, touching her and sliding a finger down her slit and inside her, taking it out, it's covered in a white cream which I lick, I still can't describe the taste, sort of musky with a hint of pee, she touches a bit of cum on my leg and sucks her finger, "salty, I wasn't expecting that" she says. We exchange some small talk but by now the sun has started to set and its getting cold so we dress and head back to the tents. Just before we get back she turns to me and says "are we going to do this again?"... "oh I think so!" ...more later

Note... would it be better if I used names instead of 'she' all the time? obviously not real names, only in the following part, when I get time to write it, there is some third party involvement and I guess it might get confusing.

