The Shopping Trip (Part Two)

3rd February 2008, 08:01 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

It was lunch, so the two of them stood in line patiently at Subway, smirking at the cardboard cutout of Jared holding his old gigantic pants. They both ordered six-inch clubs and large diet drinks and sat at a table near the waterfall. Kiki smiled at the light splashes from the falls tapping against her ankles. The sensation made her have to pee and her smile grew bigger as she felt her bladder filling up gradually.

«Okay,» her mother said, «remember when I told you I didn't want you peeing in public without me?» Kiki nodded. «Let me tell you a story about when I was your age.»

When Cheryl turned sixteen, her parents finally allowed her trips to the mall on her own. She usually invited three or four of her friends to join, but occasionally she enjoyed going alone. Unfortunately, she did not yet have a car and had to ride the city bus.

On one of these bus trips, Cheryl began to feel sorry that she had not visited the restroom before leaving her house and sat embarrassed on the bus as she attempted to hold herself discretely. She was wearing a cute, knee-length skirt and tried holding her legs together tightly. This held back some, but Cheryl could still feel her bladder building pressure as the bus bounced clumsily down the road.

Because it was Saturday, there were only a few people on the bus with her. She felt relieved by this as the fear of wetting herself entered her mind. It was still a good twenty minutes to the mall and she was not sure how much longer her bladder would hold out. And even when she arrived, she would need to suffer the walk from the bus stop to the nearest bathroom inside the mall.

Across from her, an old man was grinning at her, making her feel even more uncomfortable. He lifted his arm as if waving and Cheryl reluctantly returned the gesture.

Another wave of pressure forced her to squeeze her legs tighter. As she did so, Cheryl thought she saw the old man's grin grow larger, more perverse. Was it possible he could tell what was wrong with her? Oh, God, that would be horrifying, to think that some shabby old man was sitting across from her, waiting for her to pee herself. She immediately forced the thought out of her mind.

The pressure increased and Cheryl bit her lip and squeezed her legs together as tight as she could. Faintly, she could feel a slight dribble escape into her panties and she winced. The old man was still staring at her, grinning. Another forceful wave of pressure and this time Cheryl could feel a noticeable spurt of pee dampen her panties.

Enough of this. Without hesitation, she pushed the button on the side of the bus to signal a stop. She wondered if the perverted old man would follow her as the driver slowed the bus to a stop and opened the door. Without checking behind her, she ran away from the bus and hurried down the sidewalk.

Finally turning to look behind, she sighed with relief that the old man was nowhere in sight. That was one problem out of the way. But what about her urge to pee. The mall was still a few blocks away and she knew she could not hold it much longer. There were no shops or restaurants around, just houses. As she quickened her pace, she felt a few trickles snake down her thighs and gasped. Her faced reddened as she noticed other people walking in her direction on the sidewalk and wondered if they, like the old man, could tell what was happening to her.

Yet again, a wave of pressure stopped Cheryl in her tracks and she whined, feeling a spurt fill her panties and travel down both her thighs. God, she had to pee so bad. Finally giving up, she spread her legs, stood still, and just let go. With a noticeable hiss, her panties immediately became warm and wet. Her pee fell in a steady trickle from between her legs and to the ground. Unable to stop herself, she groaned with relief as she savored the warm comfort of release. Her embarrassment returned, however, as one of the passersby mumbled, «Oh my God, she's peeing,» to which the other responded, «Is she drunk?»

She felt like crying, both from relief and humiliation. She tried to ignore the giggles and just enjoy the warm flow of her pee as it subsided to mild streams that embraced both of her thighs with heat and dribbled silently into her shoes. Still a little uncomfortable, she pulled off her shoes and, amid the giggles of onlookers, emptied the urine from them. Without looking back at her tormentors, Cheryl darted down the sidewalk and to the mall, praying that she would never be humiliated like that again.

«So,» Cheryl said, smiling at her daughter. «I'm hoping that never happens to you. That's why I don't want you trying to pee in public when I'm not around.»

Kiki grinned playfully. «What about when you are around?»

«Oh, when I'm around you can go any time you want, just let me know when. You can't just break the laws of decency and squat wherever you want. You have to be discrete. Why do you think I chose a seat near the waterfall?» Cheryl grinned and Kiki joined her, as if she had already known what her mother was planning. «Now, don't pull your skirt up like you did in the car. That's too obvious and some pervert might be trying to get a look at your legs. Just spread your legs a little and let it go. Your skirt is black, so it won't show. Try to look normal, like keep eating your food or talking to me.» Kiki did as her mother asked and spread her legs slightly. «I'm going to let go right now, but I don't want you to look. Just keep listening to me and you can let go, too, if you want.»

As her mother chatted on about how warm she was feeling between her legs right now, Kiki found it difficult to keep a straight face. Her panties were filling up with pee as she released her bladder freely, not caring if anyone would notice. The urine seemed to pool between her legs momentarily, engulfing her vagina and inner thighs with pleasurable warmth that almost made her gasp. She pretended to be interested in what her mother was saying and struggled for a response when Cheryl asked, «Are you going?» Kiki mumbled Mmm hmm and fought to keep her eyes open as the flow continued and began to pass down her thighs to the end of the chair, dripping to the floor.

As her flow subsided, Kiki was unable to resist. Pretending to reach in her purse next to her seat, she glanced beneath the table. The view up her mother's skirt was surprising. Kiki marveled at the obvious stream of urine that soaked her mother's panties and skirt and fell freely to the floor at her feet. Since the floor was already wet from the waterfall, it was difficult to tell who had made the biggest puddle. She sat back up and was amazed to see that her mother was smiling innocently, as if nothing out of the ordinary were going on at all.

«Like I said,» her mother mumbled, «discrete. That's how you keep from getting caught.»

