Emily

23rd March 2010, 09:28 PM

Author: Jackbower

Location: USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 52

*Neither the story title, or the name of the first character/chapter is Emily, I just replaced all instances of her real name because it was rare, and I did it to protect her privacy.

**All characters are seniors in high school, and are 18.

This is a fictional narrative I wrote initially for myself, but decided that it wasn't hurting anybody to post it here, since you would end up picturing someone else anyways. It's relatively long for most posts on here, and the two chapters I'm posting now are not the end. There are four complete chapters and a fifth that I had given up on (unless their are people who WANT a fifth besides me). It's a pee desperation story rather then a watersports story, and is women the entire time. I will post, and possibly write more, if people actually want me to, if not, then I won't. Having this fetish myself, I can sometimes find it hard to look for certain specifics I'm in the mood for, so hopefully I can help someone else find what they were looking for.

Enjoy.

Chapter One: Emily

It was a warm, humid morning in the midst of summer, slowly carrying into fall. A young women was waking up in a drowsy haze preparing for another day in high school. She was Emily, she was beautiful, had decently long black hair, pale blue eyes, and was a cheerleader. She was probably about 3 inches shorter than me, so I would say about 5'7. She was definitely not tall, but not quite short by today's standards. She was Hispanic, but white skinned and had a tanner look then anything to her. She's like the clichй girl in high school everyone wants, and seems to always be taken. Like you would have a shot anyway.... ANYWAY, the only way to describe her was like she always had glitter on her face. Not in a bad way, but like she sparkled. It sounds almost surreal, and I doubt everyone would describe her quite THIS well, but it seemed like she was a goddess to me.

Emily laid in bed, dreading getting up, and wishing she could sleep just a few more minutes. She was wearing some pale pink panties and a white t-shirt with no bra, nothing fancy. As she was about to drift back to sleep, she felt a familiar feeling in her lower stomach. She felt a strong pinch and knew she had to get up; she quickly sat up and closed her legs and kind of bounced with her hands in-between her legs. If you hadn't guessed it, she had to pee, and relatively bad. It wasn't anything like an absolute, dire situation, but it was bothering her and she knew she had to go sooner, rather than later. Probably about a 7/10 on 0 being just gone and 10 being an accident. She really didn't have the energy to deal with no toilet anyway.

As much as she hated the idea of standing, that's what she did. She finally built of the willpower to start her day, and first thing she did was beeline to the bathroom.

She closed the door and quickly walked to the toilet. It seemed that whenever she entered a bathroom, or anywhere she could go pee, the urge got worse (key-in-lock syndrome). Oddly enough this didn't apply to other bodily functions, including orgasm. Although she was still a virgin and hadn't yet experienced a TRUE orgasm, she did notice an intense urge to touch herself more in more volatile areas, such as places she could be caught. She had yet to act on those feeling because she still felt it was disgusting and she really didn't know what she was doing anyway. But once again, her need to pee grew whenever an option to use the bathroom was in sight, reach, or she was standing knee deep in it (pool, ocean...ect). In this case, it was a toilet. She quickly jolted to the toilet to relive the urge. She quickly pulled her panties down to her knees and let them fall to the floor as she sat on the cool toilet, and a stream of urine hissed into the toilet.

When she finished with her business, she, like always when she peed, neglected wiping, and pulled her panties up. A small wet spot formed at the bottom, but as long as no one saw it, which most likely wouldn't happen since it was in a hard to see spot, and was very small, she would be fine. She finished up in the bathroom, brushing her teeth, styling her hair, and other various typical bathroom ritual type things, then walked out just a little more prepared for the day. She went in her room, pulled out some dark blue jeans and a mostly black t-shirt from her closet and got dressed.

She started with the jeans which seemed to fit unbelievably well. Very snug, but weren't very constrictive on her (possibly because she was used to such things) and seemed to show off already nice ass, very nicely. She then put on a her tight shirt which came down far enough to where it didn't show any skin (which is unfortunate in her case because her body is magnificent) but was still tight and showed off her breasts nicely. Her breasts weren't the biggest, but they weren't small either. They were pretty much prefect. Not to the point where it threw her off and all attention went to them, and cheerleading became more difficult, but also not where there was nothing there. It only added to her cuteness/hotness (with her, cuteness and hotness seem to be interchangeable).

After getting dressed she made the relatively quick five minute trip to her bus stop and waited patiently for the bus to come. She was the only one on this stop so it was kind of boring and lonely, but she enjoyed the alone time. It gave her a chance with her hectic life to actually stop and contemplate. When the bus finally came, she got on and was reminded that she was the last pickup, so it was straight to school from here, not to mention this particular bus wasn't very crowded just to add to the moment. She sat down alone in the front seat and day dreamed out the window at the currently wet, sunless day. It was peaceful and nice.

Not much pee desperation in that one, more of a introduction, next chapter is an little more interesting, and the story only picks up from there. Criticism is appreciated, and spelling and grammar fixes evermore so.

