Britney's 21st Birthday

25th April 2012, 06:58 AM

Author: moondog

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 37

Britney: 21 yrs old, caucasian, blonde, big boobs compared to her small stature

Cristy: Britney's 25 yr old sister, darker blonde hair, huge boobs that she isn't afraid to show off

Cristy and Britney had never been very close growing up. Cristy always seemed a little too busy to spend time with her younger sister. But lately, Carissa began to realize that Britney was getting older, and that it was important to begin to become a bit closer with her sister. Carissa decided that she would take Britney out to the downtown area to celebrate Britney's 21st birthday.

"Brit, you almost ready?" said Cristy.

"Yeah, I'll be ready in 5 minutes." said Britney.

"Ok, I'm gonna open a few beers for us to get warmed up before we head out." said Carissa.

Cristy was wearing an extremely low cut top that showed off her giant boobs, and a short jean skirt and accentuated her nice tan legs. Britney walked in to the kitchen wearing something very similar, just a different colored top. Britney was a little jealous of the size of her sister's boobs, but was proud of her very healthy sized boobs.

Britney was on a mission to impress her sister tonight. She didn't want to show any weakness in front of her sister. Cristy was on a mission to show her sister how it's done, and that she was still the queen bee. They both  quickly downed two beers each before they left the house.

Once downtown, they headed to a bar that Cristy was familiar with. Cristy ordered two large beers for her and her sister to start with. Cristy had always been able to take a lot of beer down before she needed to pee, so she wasn't worried when she noticed the already growing line at the women's bathroom. Britney glanced over, and was already beginning to think about the amount of beer in her bladder. Britney and Carissa chatted about life, and during that time each took down one more large beer, and a small beer.

Both girls needed to pee badly at this point. Cristy was determined to live up to her reputation, and Britney didn't want to show weakness in front of her sister.

Britney and Cristy decided to walk across the street to another bar which was serving small beers for $2 each. They ordered two each. Britney was first to broach the subject..

"Cristy, have you ever had to squat and pee outside cause you just couldn't hold it?"

"Of course, I can hold it for a long time, so when I need to go, I just can't wait. On St. Patty's day last year, I took a huge pee next to someone's car as they came walking up, and I just couldn't stop." said Cristy.

Britney: So you kept peeing even though someone was standing there?

Cristy: Yah, I had to piss so bad that there was no way I was stopping. I don't think I've ever pissed that much in my life.

Britney: Geez, I don't think I've ever had to go that bad before..

Cristy and Britney continued to chat and drink beers. They were both about 7 beers in at this point and neither one had peed yet. Cristy was determined to hold it, and Britney didn't want to look weak in front of her sister. They both held out until it came time for the bar to get ready to close for the night. At this point, Cristy decided it was time to finally get all that beer out of her bladder. Cristy and Britney both started to head for the bathroom.

Cristy: Need to pee Brit?

Britney: I guess so, if you do..

As they approached the bathroom they were stopped by a bouncer.

Bouncer: Sorry girls, we're closing up for the night and we need to get everyone out of here.

Cristy: Please can we just go in there real quick, we both just need to pee.

Bouncer: Sorry hun, if I let you guys in then I'll have to let everyone in.

Cristy looked at Britney, and knew that her little sister was about to explode. She could hold alot more than her sister and she was just about at her limit. Cristy pushed Britney in the small of the back towards to door and out of the bar.

They had parked about a block away in a parking structure down the street. Britney had never need to piss so bad in her entire life. For some reason she was starting to see the situation as a little comical. Here she was with her older sister, out for the first time together and they both need to take the biggest pisses of their lives. She was hoping that her sister would suggest something soon, because she knew she wouldn't be able to wait much longer. Cristy had pissed outside a good number of times, but Britney never had.

Cristy: Ok, that's it, I HAVE to piss before we start driving home..

Britney: Thank you, I thought you'd never suggest anything, you're the pro.. haha

Cristy: Here, follow me, I've peed over here before..

They started walking toward a space underneath a set of stairs to the upper level of the parking garage. About ten feet from the location, they noticed two other girls racing toward the spot. One screaming, «hurry up, I can't hold it anymore!» Both girls hiked up their skirts and put their backs against the wall bent at the knees.

Cristy: Come on Brit, we're gonna have to just squeeze in here

Britney: I don't care, I just need to pee NOW..

Cristy and Britney we're both ready to just let their piss come flying out. They couldn't hold the flood back anymore. They both hiked up their skirts and we're in position about to start pissing when..

Girl 1: Fuck! Hey girls, some guys are walking by.. pull your skirt down.

Girl 2: Hurry up, Hurry up, hurry up.. oh my god hurry up, I'm about to piss my fucking skirt.

Girl 1: Hey, can you guys wait and stand watch so we can piss? We're about to fuckin explode..

Cristy: Umm, yah, I guess.. but just make it quick

Girl 1: Hahaha, I'm just kidding, I know you have to go too..

Girl 1 and 2 we're still in ready position, and Cristy and Britney had both stood up, and taken a few steps away before they realized she was kidding about standing watch. Just as they took the few steps back to get in to position Girl 1 tilted her head back and exploded with the biggest piss stream Cristy and Britney had ever seen.

Girl 1: Holy fuck, I haven't taken a piss like this in soo long.. this feels soooooo good..

Girl 2 had started about a second after Girl 1 and she was pouring piss all over the concrete. This continued for about 5 seconds. After Cristy and Britney snapped out of their reverie, they got back in position quickly ready to take huge pisses of their own.. but then..

Security: Hey! Young ladies, you need to stop that right now!

Girl 1 to Girl 2 under her breath: Damn, I can't get in trouble for this again.

Britney could not believe what was happening. She had just pulled her panties to the side, and was about the let rip with the biggest piss she'd ever taken. And for the second time, she'd been denied the relief. Cristy grabbed Britney by the arm and began to drag her away.

Security: You two girls don't move!

Girl 1 and Girl 2 were both still squatted in their original position with panties around their knees, and both had stopped peeing.

Girl 1: Please sir, we were waiting for our ride but they never came, and we didn't have our phones to call. And they wouldn't let us use the bar before we left. Ask those two girls, the bouncer wouldn't let them go either.

Cristy: Sir, neither of us peed here yet, can we just go.

Security: No, not until I figure this all out.

Girl 2: Sir, If I'm in trouble that's fine, but can I please finish..

At about the same time, Cristy and Britney couldn't believe what they were witnessing. Girl one let out a palpable moan, and began once again just pounding the pavement with piss.

Girl 2: Sir, you know how it is when you really have to go.. everyone has to do it at some point.. sir, I'm sorry, I can't wait anymore..

Girl 2 whipped her skirt up again and let her piss fly once more. «Oooooohh fuck, that feels sooo good.»

The security guard then seemed to be getting another call on his radio, and walked away. Cristy and Britney were transfixed on the two girls taking these gigantic pisses right in front of them. The two girls streams finally began to slow down, and Cristy and Britney were snapped out their reverie. Their own needs came back in to focus.

Britney: Cris, what do we do now?

Cristy: Let's at least try and get to the car, so we don't take the risk of getting caught.

Britney: Alright, let's just hurry, cause in a second this beer is coming out whether I like it or not..

Cristy: Damnit, I've never had to piss so fucking bad in my life Brit.. where the hell is my car?

Britney: Right there.. Hurry! I can't wait anymore Cris, I'm gonna piss right next to the car.

Cristy watched Britney hobble towards the car, put her back up against it, hike up her skirt, and immediately explode with the biggest stream she'd ever seen. Cristy walked in between the cars in front of Britney and felt the splatter of her sister's piss around her ankles. Cristy kicked her heels off, took the same position opposite Britney and began pounding the pavement with piss.

Britney: «I don't think I'm ever gonna stop, fuck this feels sooo good, I'm pissing like a fucking waterall.»

Cristy: «Finally, I can fuckin piss.. OOOaaaahhh!! Holy hell, this is amazing.. I had to piss like a fucking racehorse.»

The two girls continued flooding the pavement with piss. The piss flowed around their feet, and made a giant foamy puddle from all the beer they drank. After 25 seconds of hard pissing, both showed no signs of stopping..

All of the sudden they heard the clicking of heels and a female voice.. Cristy whispered to Britney to stop peeing, which Britney was grudgingly able to do.

Cristy was looking over the top of the car still in a half squat position.

Britney's knees were shaking with the effort to hold her piss back. She still had a damn full of piss left in her that was just begging to be released.

Britney: Cristy, I can't hold it off much longer..

Cristy: Neither can I, but you have to, I don't want to be in trouble. Fuck, I just wanna finish this piss. It's like the world is against us tonight.

A woman that looked to be in her late 40's walked up to the car and noticed both girls squatting against the car next to hers.

Woman: I'm really embarrassed about this, but are you girls peeing?.. Wait,

Cristy, Britney, it's me, Ms. Johnson.

Cristy: Ms. Johnson.. oh my god..

The woman was the girls English teacher from highschool, Ms Johnson. Ms. Johnson was an attractive older woman, with big boobs, and a nice big round ass. The girls were confused about why she was embarrassed, but couldn't tell what her tone was. She sounded a little angry, so they felt they should explain their predicament.

Britney: Well, we were, (Brit said as she gritted her teeth) we tried to pee at the bar, but they wouldn't let us, then we tried to go in the bushes, but security caught us right before we could go. We've both had so much beer and just couldn't hold it anymore. And to be honest, you caught us in the middle of what is probably the worst we've ever had to pee in our lives..

Ms. Johnson: They wouldn't let you pee.. those assholes, that's why you young ladies find yourself in trouble. Goodness knows I've had my fair share of close calls..

Cristy: Mam, it's my sister's 21st birthday, and the beer went straight through us. The puddles we've already made are proof of how bad we really needed to piss. We wouldn't hold this for no reason, we wouldn't be able to.. and we actually cut off mid-stream when you walked up..

Ms. Johnson: You aren't even finished?! I'm so sorry, I feel terrible. But to be honest I'm about to explode too. I haven't had to pee this bad in years. I was embarrassed because I had to piss so bad too, and was.. Dear lord, you weren't kidding about having to piss, look at those puddles.. I'm so sorry, please please finish.. But thank goodness I found you, now I can piss..

Then, alot of things all unfolded at once. Ms. Johnson frantically began unbuttoning her jeans, pulling them over her big, but really nice ass. Pulled her underwear to the side just in time and shot out with the thickest stream of piss either of the girls had ever seen. Britney grunted and once again began shooting out a double stream of piss flooding the concrete, and Cristy bent at the waist began letting her piss fall like a waterfall once more.

Ms. Johnson: Fuck, fuck, FUCK. I forgot how good it felt to piss like this.. damnit this feels sooo good.

Britney and Cristy both finally finished with their amazing pisses totaling at least over a minute each in length. They'd never pissed so much in their life. As they were fixing their skirts, they noticed that after about 15 seconds, the Ms. Johnson's stream seemed to be just as strong as it was when she first started. She had her head tilted back slightly and her eyes half closed reveling in the relief of finally being able to let all the beer out. She felt like she was 21 again.

Cristy (whispering): Britney, look at her stream? Neither of ours was that powerful and she's still pissing like a horse.

Ms. Johnson: Take a picture girls, it'll last longer (she said chuckling). Didn't think I'd piss like this did ya?.. well, neither did I.. hahaha. And here, since I did it to you..

All of the sudden, her insanely powerful piss came to a stop..

Ms. Johnson: Alright girls, I'll cut mine off for about 40 seconds cause I did that to you.. Damn, this might have been a bad idea.. Haha..10 seconds.. OH MY LORD, how did you girls do this?! This is going to be an absolute explosion when I restart.. 15 seconds..

Cristy: Hey Brit, remember how good it felt when we exploded with piss after we cut it off.. she said to Ms. Johnson with a smirk.

Britney: Oh my lord Cristy, it felt fucking amazing.. I bet she's about the let the damn burst.. look at her hands on her knees, and her legs shaking.. she can't take it.. haha..

Ms. Johnson: Oh you girls think you're so funny, she said smiling..25 seconds.. damnit, damnit, damnit.. Oh, and wait, let me get my boob's hanging out like you guys.. haha. Ms. Johnson reached in her shirt, and pushed her boob's up and had them about falling out of her shirt.

Ms. Johnson was at her breaking point, all she wanted to do was start pissing again..38, 39, 40.. Ooohhh fffuuuckkk.. ooooo that feels so fucking good. And as she leaned back the top of her areolas came in to view over the top of her shirt.

The girls saw an even stronger stream explode from Ms. Johnson this time. She had a huge smile on her face, looked straight at the girls and said, Impressed? Haha.

Britney: Damn Ms. Johnson, of course we are.. but I think we could give you a run for your money. My sister can piss like a fucking horse..

Cristy: So can you Brit.. but Ms. Johnson is taking the biggest piss I've ever seen by a long shot. That was the thickest most powerful stream ever. I didn't even know someone could do that..

As her piss was coming to an end, it just barely lost any of it's power. It began to stop, and she would shoot out a new stream. She did this start and stop about 4 times before she was finally empty.

Ms. Johnson: Girls, I've got news for you. I could have pissed for another thirty seconds if I had kept drinking, and waited some more. You girls are no match for me, she said laughing. But I'll tell you, that felt fucking amazing. And you girls both were taking legit pisses. I could hear them from the other end of the structure. She noticed the girls staring at her tits. Damn, why didn't you girls tell me my nipples were hanging out.. haha. Oh well, I've got nice tits.

Cristy: Britney, I know we've got her beat in that department.. haha.

Ms. Johnson, feeling brave, said: Prove it.

Cristy: Fine with me..

Cristy wasn't wearing a bra, so she walked over to Ms. Johnson, bent over  slightly and gave her a look down her shirt. Ms. Johnson's eyes opened wide with amazment.

Ms. Johnson: Damn, I miss being 25, Those things are fucking perfect.

Britney: Ms. Johnson, I'm sorry to interrupt.. But I have to pee again..

Ms. Johnson: Show em..

Britney blushed a little, but relented because she had to pee so bad again. She did the same thing Cristy did, and let her look down her shirt..

Ms. Johnson: Holy hell, you've been blessed young lady.. those are damn impressive.. I can't stop staring.. haha.. Cristy laughed too.

Britney: Fine, keep staring but I have to piss..

Britney spread her feet, leaned back against the car, pulled her tits out and let it fly again.. Letting out a heavy stream once again all over the pavement..

