One Final Time Outdoors With Ruthie

27th April 2010, 03:15 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Ruthie was my highschool girlfriend. We had broke up in our senior year. But we remainedd friends aftwerwards. I went on to coledge the following fall for a year while she worked still at the hotel. Then I jot a job the following spring and also bought my first Mustang convertible.

I took a drive out to the hotel to see if Ruthie or her sistor Joanne were working. Ruthie was working but she was just doing some odd chores and would be done with work soon. I could have gone where she was but I wanted to surprise her so I stayed out at the bar talking with Ed the bartender.

Well about a hour later Ruthie was done for I heard her in the dinningroom talking to Mr. Coons the owner and she told hime she was done and he told her ok and see you on Monday. Now I new she would next make a call home to get a ride. That's when I went out and snuck up behind her. I said to her; Someone is already here to pick you up for your ride. Ruthie spun right around seeing it was me she smiled and gave me a hug.

It is so good to see you! she said to me first. You have a car now? Ruthie asked me next. I sure do and I have been working since Aprill working woth computers too I said to Ruthie. We were talking as we had walked through the hotel and now were outside. I walked over to my Mustang convertible which Ruthie seeing it said to me; Oh you got a convertible! That's so cool!

She got in and we took off. As we rode along I asked her if she had eaten yet as far as lunch and Ruthie told me that she hadn't. Ok how bout going to Kaye's for a pizza? I asked Ruthie. Sure! she said back to me. So that's where we went and had lunch. After that we went for a short ride and stopped and we got icecream cones and stopped at the old elementry school got out of the car and had our icecream cones sitting on the swings that were there on the one side of the school.

We aslo talked while we ate our icecream. I filled in Ruthie about my job. She knew that I was going with my doctors duaghter and asked how that was going. I told her it was going fine. I asked her if she was going with anyone and Ruthie told me she wasn't. But she told me that Joanne her sistor had married John and they were lving in Green Island which where I was living at the time.

So I asked Ruthie where in Green Island John and Joanne were living. It turned out just down the street from me! So I would have to stop and see them. John and Joanne had dated when Ruthie,John, and I were in highschool. We had all dated together many times. (I had told about one time being out on a double date and having Ruthie and I pissing together out on one date with John and Joanne after a football game.

Now we had long finished our icecream and had been there on the swings talking for some time. Ruthie had been swinging slightly on her swing as we talked and now she stopped. She got off from the swing and she stood by it. Rthie told me she had to pee. Come with me? she asked me. I got right up from my swing. Ruthie started walking across the playground heading twards where there were woods by the creek that passed by the playground. I knew right where she was headed for this was a spot that when I went to this school this spot was used to piss and shit by the students!

I said to Ruthie as we crossed the playground; Ruthie you know about the spot by the creek! Ruthie laughed and told me she did. Who didn't! In fact this spot got used so much that some group of the students were seen going into the woods and were cuaght! So the school had put up a fence all along the edge of the playground to stop it. But now this was several years later and the school had not been used for a few years. (closed for a new larger school was built to replace it)

We reached the edge of the playground where there was some large bushes. Ruthie stepped between two of them and here the fence had been broken through and she stepped through and I followed her. Now the woods were only a thin strip of trees which were planted back when the school was built n the late 1920's. Then there was a clear strip which boarded the creek itself. This is where evryone would piss or shit!

I looked around to see if it stll was being used. Seeing scraps of tissuies, napkins, around it still was! I laughed and said to Ruthie; Looks like it still is a popular spot! Things haven't changed at all! That made Ruthie giggle as now she stood there in front of me and my cock was hard as a rock in my pants. Ruthie smiled and said to me; Well what are you waiting for? Are you gng to help me?

Ruthie was going to give me the honors of pulling down the white pants she was wearing so I reached right over and slid the clasp inward releasing it. Then as I started pulling down the zipper on her white pants Ruthie asked me if I needed to piss. I smiled with a bigger smile and told her that I did. So she started unbuckling my belt. I had her zipper down and I waited for her to take care f my snap and zipper wwhich Ruthie only took one quick moment to take care of!

Then I went on and pulled down Ruthies white pants which I pulled them way down to her ankles. Ruthie had on a pair of very light yellow bikini style panties which I pulled them down next. Oh it was so good to see her very familair blode bush above and around the sides of her pussy! Plus seeing her pussy again right in my face for I had squated down to pull her yellow panties down into her white pants.

I then leaned my face over to her pusssy and I gave Ruthie a kiss on her clit and one quick lick on her clit and right down her pussy too! Ruthie let out a slight gasp and then a loud giggle. Then she said to me; Stp it! I do have to pee and let me finsh up with your pants! I laughed and I stood back up in front of Ruthie.

She pulled me jeans down like I had her pants down. I was wearing apair of white briefs and she giggled seeing the big buldge from my erect cock inside of them. Then she yanked them down to my pants. As she stood back up Ruthie asked me if I wanted her to hold it while I went. If you want to Ruthie! I said to her. She giggled and told me she did wanted to!

So we then turned and we both faced the creek which now was just out in front of us and below us as we stood there side by side. Ruthie then got down into a high sqaut reached over and took a hold of my erect cok in her right hand and pushed it down into a slight upward angle. We both now were ready to piss.

Ruthie started first for she had to piss more urgently then I. Out fromher vaginas peehole Ruthie's piss stream made a short curving arc which went through the air covering the short distance to reach the creek. Her stream went down and spashed hard in the creeks water with a good splash and made ripples in the creeks still water. Her piss was a light yellow and with its splashing and rippleing in the creek ut also made some small patches of yellow piss foam and the patches of yellow piss foam got pushed away by the ripples that her splashing piss was making in the creek.

Now I started my piss. I sent out a thin weak stream from my cock first. It made a very short weak arc which went and wetted the ground just in front of me. Then as my stream got harder it moved forward on the ground going down the short embankment hit the creeks water edge closest to me and then traveled across the surface of the creek and almsot reached the far side of the creek once my stream reached its strongest flow ing point.

Now wwith my stream being like this it ha a head on it as wide as the slit of my cock, had a long twist in its arc and nade a much louder splash along with bigger ripples then Ruthie's piss was making in the creek. I now took a quick glance at Ruthie's face. She was smiling with a big smile and then went back watchingg her pissing into the creek. Now her stream was hissing.

Since Ruthie had started before I had and she had from the looks o her piss stream she had pissed hardshe ended her piss well before I would. As I watched her stream slacked right off and its hissing faded away and stopped as her stream stopped which when it did Ruthie had some piss wet her crumpled up yellow bikni panties in her white pants. Didn't matter for it was just a little of her piss had wet them and Ruthie was busy holding my pissing cock and she had not seen it happen.

Ruthie had felt herself stop pissing so she stood up. As I went on pissing Ruthie did ask me to unbuton her shirt! So I took one hand and did unbuton it for her. Then I pulled it down off fro mer shoulders and her shirt fell to the ground behind her. That left me just to take care of her bra. Right at this point my piss stream was slacken which it was comming back across the water of the creek so I waited for it to sop instead of trying to take her bra off instead.

A few seconds later I stopped pissing Ruthie gave my cock two hard shakes whch reulted in some piss being shaked from it. Now I could take and remove her bra. So Ruthie turned sidways making her back face me. I reached overand took two hands this time for the bra she had on was a old one and the clasp took my two hands to take care of it.

As I took care of the clasp Rutie slid both shoulder straps of her bra sliding them off of her shoulders and slid them down her arms and hands. Once I had released the clasp her bra fell to the ground. Ruthie then turne and faced me and I leaned down a little and I kissed her now exposed tities and gave her nipples too a quck suck and lick too which she let me do for the nest several minutes a she lighty jerked my erect cock with the hand that she had held it with while I pissed.

Then I stopped with my mouth being on her tits sucking them and teasing her now hard nipples with my tounge. I started next by kissing her body moving downward slowly as I kissed her body. Doing this I had to lower my body down as I went lower down on her body. When I reached the point where Ruthie could no longer hold with her hand as she was lightly jerking my ock off with she let it go which it sprang up hard into my body with a loud smack. Ruthie let out a hard giggle hering the loud smack of my cock hitting into me,

I stopped briefly at Ruthie's bellybuton and gave it a kiss and teased it tickling it with the tip of my tounge. That kept Ruthie giggling. I also had as I was doing this had placed both of my hands back up on both of Ruthie's tits and I had them cupped wth them and was massaging her nipples. So I kept her feeling good that way as now I was down to go right where it was importent between Ruthie's legs!

When I got down to her crotch I gave her pussy several long upward slow licks with my tounge. Since Ruthie had pissed some of her blode pubic hair had been wetted by her piss so I was licking some of the piss wetted pubic hair as I licked Ruthie's pussy. I loved the taste of her piss from her pubc hair on my tounge! (slightly salty and slightly bitter)

Now that I was at her pussy Ruthie weent and helped. She had her hands free so she placed tem in my hair at the back of my head and pushed my head foward so my licking tounge would be traveling over her pussy and clit as I licked. Soon she was also mving my head up and down making it go from her now stiffening clit and made me go down under her pusy and the area between its bottom and not quite far enough back I could reach with my tounge to reach Ruthies asshole.

Ruthie let me stay licking her pussy, clit, and otherareas down in her crotch till her clit was real swollen up hard and her pussy was wet. She pulled my head back with her hands that she had on it. Ruthie in a slighty rough voice told me she wanted to lay down on the ground.So I squating there in front of her Ruthie stepped back sat down on the ground still with her pants and yellow panties crumpled up around her ankles went and laid right out on the ground on her back.

I stood up and since I still had my pants and brief crumpled down around my ankles like her pants and panties were I had to shuffle as I stepped over behind her head on the ground. I squated down and straddled over her on my hands and knees. Then I moved forward so that I would get into position agin so I could be at Ruthies pussy to go back to eating it. As I did Ruthie raised her legs up and placed her hands under her ass on her cheeks pushing it up and back which put my head betwen her opened thighs and looking down at he waiting pussy!

What I did I grabbed her ankles withmy hands so she would be raised up. Ruthie now had her hands free so she didn't have to keep them on her asscheeks. Now above her face was my erect cock which was pressed against me as far as its head. I felt Ruthie take a hold of it move it down a little and satrted stroking it jerking me off again lightly and slowly.

I had yet started to lick her clit and pussy again. Instead I said; Ruthie and she said what in a again slightly hoarse sounding voice. Why don't you do what I'm just about going to do. What put your cock in my mouth and suck it? Well yes I said back to her. Just tp let you know Ruthie had only gone as far as giving my cock some kisses in the past never had given me a bj. I had tried to get her to do it but Ruthie had told me she was just afraid to try it for she didn't want me to shoot my cum into her mouth.

I found that kind of funny for Ruthie didn't mind getting my cum on her hands, fingers, or sprayed on the outside of her pussy. She loved it having which said was so very hot being sprayed on her clit! She also liked having it sprayed on her tits and nipples for we had in the past had done titty fucking many times!

So I tried again now to see if I could get a bj. Ruthie I won't shoot m load in your mouth. I'll pull out before I do. I will also not put it far into your mouth either. Ruthie was silent for to me a very long time but it wasn't. Then she siad to me; Are you sure yo will do what you said? I in a strong assuring sounding tone that I would. I then flet Ruthie stop jerking on my cock. I felt her push down on harder to get it pointed straight down. Then I felt her give my cocks head a light kiss followed by a lick with her tounge!

I now started to lean back down to start licking her clit and pussy again. Right at this point I felt Ruthie's wet warm lips slip on to my ock right at its ring and they closed around my cock. She stayed still not making any movement for several long seconds. Then as I now had started flicking my tounge around on her clit I felt Ruthieever so slowly lside her lips moving them ever so slowly down my cocks shaft going first a inch then another inch. She did suck as she she did this! So now Ruthie was giving me head!

It took Ruthie some time to assure herself as she gave me the bj. For sher did suck on me but she only slid up and down on my cock taking the couple of inches of my cocks shaft in her mouth she had started off with. With me being at her pussy and clit with my tounge Ruthie soon was heating up by this and getting herself excited by it. She now had taken more of my ock and was sucking it harder andalso jerked it harder with the hand she had on it also.

Soon I also having Ruthie doing a better job on my ock I started to do short thrusts with my hips which made her take longer strokes on my ock with her mouth. Ruthie too like me was feeling her own rising excitement that her clit and pussy was sending to her brain. She didn't stop me. She also didn't seem to notice that I was pumping faster too now.

Well soon I brought Ruthie on in that she had her orgasim. She stiffened up hard as far as her body first. With her stiffening up her mouth with her lips clamped down hard on to my cock! Then her body went into spasams which she shook hard and theis resulted in with her mouth and hand jerking onmy ocks shaft. I licked away at her pussy for she was cumming havng little spurts shooting from her pussy which I urgently licked up with my tounge.

I also without really feeling that I was doing it I myself had started pumping my hips a lot faster making my cock slide back and fourt much faster in Ruthies mouth giving me a stronger plesure as this happened. Ruthie stayed with her lips pressed down hard on my cocks shaft and her hand with my faster pumping she als jerked at my cock with her hand harder and faster.

With all this I felt the tingling sensation come on real fast! I was going to let go big time. I yanked up real hard with my hips. This made my ock come back hard which it id come out from Ruthies mouth. Having my ock no longer in her mouth and she was still climaing Ruthie was gasping with her moth wide open. I started cumming right then!

I elt my cum shooting out in real fast litle spurts. I looked back and saw my cum some of its psurts did go ito Ruthie's wide open mouth, other spurts hit her chin, still other spurts went and hit on her tits. I then lened forward and down getting my cock pressed between Ruthie's tits and I pumped real hard. Ifinished by doing a tity fuck as I went on spraying cum from my cock. Ruthie was in the last thows of her passion for she was not shaking as much and she only had her cum just barely comming out of her pussy now.

Then she stopped and lay there limp under me. I too had stopped spurting cum from my cok but had some on its head which a second later dripped off from it and scored a direct hit on her right nipple. Rithies hard gasping were lessoning also and she had closed her mouth. I heard a slight gulp. I smiled for Ruthie must have swallowed the cum that had sprayed into her mouthh when I did start cumming.

I now leaned back and lfted my ass up from Rithies head since I had sat up. Ruthie had opened her eyes and she now looked up at me with her eyes glistening. I skiddeed back behind her for Ruthie had reached up with her hands. She wanted to kiss me thats why she had done this. So Ilened over on my hands and knees moved down to her which she reached up also and pulled me down to her. We kissed hard and long several times in a row.

Then she took her hands off from my head and let me sit back behind her.I stretched out placing my legs alond side of her. Ruthie got up on her elbows and pushed herself back till she could lay her head on my upper thighs which she did. I then was just about to say sorry to her about that I did cum in her mouth (only just being a little) Ruthie inturrupted me only after I manged to get out P'm and the s in sorry.

Ruth was smiling looking up at me but she told me she had to do her after piss. That;s what she called her piss that she took sometimes after having sex which had made her climax. So I watched as Ruthie who had her legs stretched out on the ground pulled them up bending her knees. She reached down and lifted her legs up and held them.

Then as I sat there watching out from Ruthies pussy shot a short arcing stream of piss which made a foot long arc and came down and wetted the ground. Sometimes Ruthies after piss wuld be very short to very long. That depended on if she had pissed recently or not. It was always a good show to me and she knew it no matter what length her after sex piss was. This one was a short one lasting about five six seconds. Then her stream slackened off resulting that Ruthies piss wetted her pussy down under it wetting her crotch and ran down her ascrack and dripped to the ground from there.

Ruthie lowered her legs back down and strtched them back out after her short after sex piss. Now what you were going to say? Ruthie asked me. I was going to sy I was sorry I did cum a little in your mouth. Ruthei puts a little smile on her face first. Then she giggled slightly. I know you did she first said to me. I had a little of it right on my tounge! I felt it.

Then to my surprise her what Ruthie went on and said to me next. I liked the feel of your cock twitching in betwen my lips Ruthie said to me smiling. Also your hard pumping felt great too. The litle bit of your cum on my tounge felt hot and its taste wasn'treally all that bad! You shouldn't have pulled your cock out! I coould have taken all of your cum! I wanted to but you pulled away. Then she laughed for there still was the spurts of cum on her where my cum had sprayed on her chin and tits. It wouldn't have been so mesy too!

Now I laughed. Ruthie was right about that point. My cum had made a mess. Ruthie now had sat up and her head was nolonger on my thighs. I need to get wiped off she said to me. Ruthie started to take off her white pants to get to her panties to take them off. I stoppped her. Use my briefs I said to her. You don't want my cum on your panties. So Ruthie stopped and I slipped my pants off along with my white briefs.

I handed them to her and she wiped the little spots of cum off herface,upper chest and her tits and her stomach. When she finished she went to hand me back my white briefs and I told her no. Throw them away. Ruthie gave them a hard toss which she tossed them in the direction of the creek. They came down almost in the middle of the creek and of couarse they got soaked with water and slowly started to flat away. We both broke out in hard laughter after I said to Ruthie; I wonder if they would make Burden Lake! This is where this creek would joing another and that creek did flow into Burden Lake several miles away.

Ruthie now stood up I squated down and pulled up her yellow panties and then her white pants. She then reached down to pick up her bra so I put my pants back on. She handed me her bra and I put it on for her. She also had picked up her blue and white striped shirt which I put on her. She then picked up my tshirt and shirt and slipped them on me.

Then I zipped up her pants and clasped them also. Ruthei was just about to ull up my zipper on my jeans but I told her that I was going to piss. I felt that I did so I was going to go. Ruthie luaghed as she said to me; Oh you too have to take a after piss! I let out a laugh and told Ruthie I guess you can call it that! I turned and faced the creek to take my piss.

Ruthie even though my ock was now limp reached over and held it. I started pissing right then and sent a hard stream of piss into the creks water about a foot out into the creek. Now since this creek flows so slwly my white briefs had only flated about four feet down from hwere I was pissing into the creek So I told Ruthie; Hit my underware!

Ruthie let out a hard laugh moved my ock to the left moving my stream to the left and I gave a push making my stream move further twoards my floatng white briefs. My stream sure enough reached my white briefs and hit them. They sagged where my piss hot them and even pushed them under water a few inches. Ruthie now laughed even harder and I was laughing too.

I did piss on my underware for long maybe for several seconds and that was it. My stream eased right off and came back and came up on the embankmet and I stopped. Ruthie was going to let go but I told her to wait. I think I have a little left. I di for when I gave a hard push I sent one short long spurt of piss from my cock which it went across the surface water of the crek reaching about a third of the way across and then that was it.

Since Ihad no briefs to put back on Ruthie was very carefull with my zipper when she zipped it up. Ten she did the snap and my belt. We then walked out out through the thin strip of trees and passed through the break in the fence and then out between the bushes. As we headed across the playground Ruthie told me it was time for her to go home. So we walked to my Mustang andf got in.

I started it up and I pulled out and I headed up the hghway to the village to drop Ruthie off. Ruthie leaned over and she kissed me several times in the short trip to the house. She also thanked me each time too after each kiss. I smiled and told her That I thanked her. We reached her house she gave me one last hard kiss. She ran once she had gotten out of the car. She ran across the porch and when she rached the door to go inside I saw that she was crying. The door closed quickly and Ruthie was inside and gone. I backed out of the driveway and took off back up the hill. This was the last time I would see Ruthie. The End. *( Ruthie I would fnd out would meet a sailer later that summer. They would wind up getting married and move away)

