Hiking with a friend

12th August 2008, 01:07 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

One hot summer day, I spent the day hiking with my friend Kandice in Sabino Canyon. One of our favorite spots to go was called Seven Falls. It's a group of seven waterfalls fed by mountain snowmelt in central Arizona. It was a beautiful, hot, Arizona summer day. Temperatures reached almost one hundred-twenty degrees in the rocky, desert canyon. Seven falls was a popular spot to find relief for many far and near. The cool waters cascaded into a rocky river bed. Even though swimming was prohibited, there were secluded areas where one would have little chance of being seen if they wanted to take a dip.

Kandi and I set out early. It was our first trip out to the canyon by ourselves. We took her jeep up to the Canyon and parked it at it's base. We grabbed our backpacks and set out on our hike. It was a seven-mile hike to the falls, and in this heat people rarely made far before the sun turned them around. Kandi and I being Arizona natives were used to such conditions and walked and talked until we felt the cool mist of the falls in the air. When we arrived, there was no one in sight.

We were hot and tired so we laid our packs and water bottles on a blanket and stripped off our clothes. Kandi is a 5'7," light skinned, black girl. She had black shoulder length hair and pretty green eyes. I snuck glances at her beautiful body every chance I could. With her firm 36D breasts with pert dark nipples, caramel skin, and shaved pubes, who could help but admire her? I was no wet noodle myself. I am 5'3," light skinned, with reddish brown hair cut short. I have 36C breasts (also very firm), with dark nipples, and shaved pubes.

Who admired whom more was always a source of debate between us. We shed our clothes quickly and headed for the water when Kandi stopped suddenly. "I have to pee so bad Kim.," she said, "I know I should have gone before we left the base of the canyon and all the water we drank on the way up here didn't help either. The sound of this running water is making it worse." Instead of going behind a bush, away from sight as I expected, she stood facing me with parted legs and started to pee. I was stunned.

I had never in my life seen anything like that before, and I stood watching her, my eyes glued to the stream of piss gushing from her smooth, creamy, pussy splashing on to the dry desert floor. Something very strange happened to me in that instant. A tension formed in my lower abdomen, my breathing faltered my heartbeat fast and hard, and I felt a tingle in my pussy. I couldn't explain it. As many times as I had seen Kandi naked, and been naked with her, I had never felt like this before. Her pee seemed to go on forever. Then it died down until it dripped from her pussy lips and then stopped.

Then she stood up with a sigh and grabbed her towel and sun block. "Relief at last, " she smiled as if nothing had happened. As we walked to the falls, my mind was going over what had happened. I tried to analyze it and make sense of my reaction, while keeping a conversation going with Kandi. When we got to the riverbed, we took turns spreading sun block on each other to protect out skin from the angry sun.

My pussy was dripping wet and I didn't want her to see it, so I kept my knees together and knelt beside her. I put sun block on her breasts and I felt her nipple harden beneath my fingers. Instantly I felt a flood of juice from my pussy, cover the backs of my legs. Kandi was acting pretty strange herself. She asked me to rub the sun block between her legs. I looked at her strange and she smiled. "Now who is going to want to fuck a gorgeous girl with sun-kissed brown skin if her pussy has a bad case of sunburn?"

I shrugged my shoulders and then laughed. "I guess you re right," I smiled. I began to rub in the sum block and though I tried, I couldn't avoid brushing my hand against her lips. When I did, my fingers slid with a fluid that was not sun block. Kandi was wetter than I was!

Suddenly the whole thing was a bit too much to handle. I couldn't focus on what I was doing because I was horny as hell. I finished with Kandi and stood up quickly. It was my turn, but so I had to think fast. "I left my sun block over by our stuff, I can't used that kind because...," I began. "I'm allergic."

As I turned to walk away, I caught a glimpse of Kandi's face. I knew I sounded stupid, I just spent twenty minutes rubbing the stuff all over her with my bare hands. If I were allergic, wouldn't it have affected me by now? The only thing I had on my mind was the itch between my legs and how bad I needed to scratch it. So I walked away swiftly to the blanket where my clothes lay. I found a spot out of sight behind a nearby bush and I sat on a big rock.

With my legs open I proceeded to massage my aching clit. It was swollen and pink and the instant I touched it I began to rapidly build up to a climax. Just as I was about to cum I heard Kandi's voice saying, "Caught in the act!" And then an outburst of laughter. " I came to see if your hands had broken out from rubbing that lotion on me, but I see now all that's broken out on you is a sweat. Horny-assed girl," she giggled.

Kandi sat down on the rock next to me as her laughter subsided. She put her hand over mind and guided it back to my clit. She smiled softly "why do that alone; I will be more fun if I join you." She brushed my cheek with her hand and kissed it softly. " Let's make ourselves feel good together. You watch me and I'll watch you. Then we will go and relax by the lake." With that, she spread her legs and threw her head back. "Ohhh yesss, " she hissed as she slid her finger in and out of her slit. I watched and rubbed my clit as she rubbed vigorously.

I was getting hotter and hotter watching the folds of her pussy move with her fingers. "Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhh, " she cried, convulsing in what looked like the orgasm of her life. She collected herself and stood in front of me. When she did, I saw her swollen clit peaking form between her wet lips and I exploded like a clap of thunder. I felt dirty having cum in front of someone, but I was still horny as hell. Kandi took my hand and raised to her lips. At the same time she brought her juice soaked hand to mine.

She licked my fingers and I liked hers. She tasted wonderful. I longed to taste the source of her honey, but I dare not say it then. She pulled me to my feet and we went back to the riverbank in silence. I was still Kandi's turn to put sun block on me, so I lay down on a towel and closed my eyes. I was no longer ashamed and I spread my legs wide so she could see every part of me. I lay there thinking about how much I wanted to pee in front of her.

I had to go before, and now that had cum so hard, I felt the urge to go even more. I was determined to hold back, for now anyway. Kandi's application of the lotion was amazing. She teased my breasts with gentle touched before rubbing the lotion in harder. She left my pussy for last. When she finally arrived at my naked mound, I felt gentle touches over my lips and when she brushed my clit. I shivers, still very sensitive from my orgasm before, I trapped her hand hard against my slit. She smiles and I relaxed and parted my legs once more.

I felt a finger slide inside me. My mind was racing. "What the hell was I doing?," I thought. Why was I letting another woman play with me? I'm not a lesbian, but I just couldn't bring myself to make her stop. After a minute or two of finger fucking, kandi's head slowly sank down to my pussy and her finger came out only to be replaced by her warm, wet tongue. I gasped at the sensation, and arched my back. I had had my pussy eaten by a man before, but it was nothing like this. "Ohhhh, Ohhh, Kandi, I can't wait to taste you, baby. Ohhh, fuck me with your tongue." I heard myself moan. I couldn't believe what I was saying. I didn't know the first thing about eating pussy, but I knew I wanted to make her feel as good as she was making me feel.

Kandi stopped for a moment and stood. "You want to taste this pussy, huh?" She asked, slipping her finger into her slit. "Yesss, I cried, yes, baby please." I begged. Kandi straddled my face and slowly sunk her pussy in to my mouth. The aroma of her wet pussy was like the sweetest perfume I'd ever smelled. The scent filled my nose and guided my tongue deep into her. I was greeted with a flood of hot, sticky, juice, and as I ran over my face I thought about how wonderful it was. We proceeded to lick each other's cunts and it became a race to see who could make whom cum first. I was the looser, but not a sore one. My climax rushed on like a flash flood. I bucked so wildly; I lost my rhythm with my tongue in kandi's pussy and nearly bucked her off.

Kandi proceeded to finger herself while I recovered. Still straddling my face her orgasm hit and I watched her thick, creamy, juice spill out of her pussy. Kandi rolled of off me and in silence we collected ourselves. Then we decided to take a quick dip in the river to cool off, and then have lunch. We went back to out stuff and sat on the rock behind the bush where we shared our first cum. We talked about what had happen, and why. I told Kandi what when I saw her peeing earlier that really turned me on.

She joked about how I lied to get away so I could play with myself and she caught me. Kandi admitted that she was horny when she woke up that morning and that in private she watched a porno that her older brother was hiding under his bed, where someone peed and she'd been doing et ever since. She said no one had ever seen her do that before, but when watched her, it made her extremely horny.

"I need to pee right now," I confessed, " I've been holding ever since we got here. I want to watch, Kandi smiled, in fact... she paused. Kandi lay down on an extra towel. " I want you to straddle me when you pee.," she said. I looked at her in amazement. "Huh," I asked to make sure I heard her right. "I want you to pee on me," she explained, " squat over my tummy and pee." I couldn't believe my ears; much less my body, but I got up and squatted over her. My bladder was full, but I guess my nerves just wouldn't let it come out. I squeezed hard, but noting came out but drops. "What's wrong?," Kandi asked impatiently. "I can't go."I answered. "Just relax, baby," she coached, "now apply a little pressure and."

She was silenced by my pee tickling out of me on to her stomach. Soon it was flowing, and I pushed a little harder to make it gush. I missed her breast and splashed it right in her mouth. I moved sown her body, splashing pee on her breast. "Oh, Kim, Yesss, baby!" She cried, "Your hot pee feels so good on me. Hurry pee, right on my clit baby... make me cum honey!" She opened her legs and I moved down to her pussy. I pressed hard and shot a wicked stream of pee rich on her clit. "Ohhhh, " she cried cumming instantly and finished my pee soon after. Kandi sprang to her feet and pushed me down.

"Your turn, baby." She smiled. I lay down and she squatted above my face... No sooner than she got into position, that her pee started gushing in to my mouth. ""Drink it baby, it's wonderful!," she cried. I really and no choice, it was drink or drowned at this point. I didn't really taste that bad. A little salty, but other than that it was fine. Kandi finished her pee on my slit and let me lick her slit clean afterwards. We spent the rest of the day touching each other and ourselves.

