Kryssie meets Martin part two

23rd January 2011, 07:18 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Second part of the story about the meeting of two kindred spirits

(With special thanks to Kaele1gh for proof reading)

The journey back to Kryssie's apartment probably only took a few minutes but it seemed like an age, I amused myself by slipping my hand between Kryssie's thighs at every opportunity and gently massaging her through her damp underwear, if Kryssie's driving had seemed fast before, now it was verging on suicidal.

"I've never cum while driving before" she gasped "mmmm, ohhhh, fuuuck aaahhh, don't stop, mmm, cummmmiiinnng"

Kryssie's knees clamped tightly together so I extracted my hand before she broke my fingers

"Don't EVER do that again"

"What, ever??" I replied

"Not ever while I'm driving"

"I distinctly heard you say 'don't stop' , and I always do what the lady says"

"It wasn't the lady talking, it was a horny bitch, and she's definitely going to exact her revenge for that"

"Promise??" I grinned

"Oh yes, count on it!"

We pulled up outside the apartment, while Kryssie was selecting the right key I stood behind her and slid my hands round her front, gently squeezing a nipple and kissing the back of her neck.

"If you don't stop that, I'm going to fuck you right here"

"Sounds good to me" I grinned "al fresco sex,... can't beat it"

The door opened and Kryssie dragged me inside slamming it behind us and pushing me back against the wall. Standing on tip-toe she leant forwards to kiss me, and as I closed my eyes she slipped a hand down my shorts and squeezed my erect cock.

"Mmmmm"

"Owwwww"

My moan of pleasure changed to a howl of pain as Kryssie tightened her grip, digging her fingernails into the shaft and dragging me into the lounge, pushing me so I fell onto the sofa and falling on top of me. Her fingers started to unfasten the buttons of my shirt, as I moved to help her, Kryssie slapped my hand.

"Naughty naughty... your turn will come"

Kryssie whipped off my shirt and deftly unfastened my shorts, pulling them down and over my feet and tossing them on the floor.

Straddling my knees she pulled down my boxers just enough to allow my rigid cock to spring free, giving it a few strokes, Kryssie bent forwards and took the tip into her mouth, sucking gently then allowing her teeth to drag across the sensitive tip while she caressed and squeezed my balls. Shuffling forwards I felt her still damp crotch slither gently over my cock. Reaching up, I pulled her dress over her head and threw it beside my shorts, leaning back I took my first look at the near naked Kryssie, her beautiful breasts, a perfect, large handful, were crowned by two erect rose pink nipples. I gently rubbed the palm of my hands over both of them, feeling them get even harder under my caress, causing her tomoansoftly and close her eyes.

Kryssie raised herself up onto her hands and feet, hovering over me and hooking my thumbs into the waistband of her briefs I pulled them down as far as I could. I expected to see a sexy body and I definitely wasn't disappointed as my gaze ran over a fantastic curvaceous body and a pussy decorated with a gorgeous mound of soft red hair through which was peeking a pair of pink pussy lips.

Pulling her underwear all the way off, Kryssie sent them to join the rest of the clothes on the floor, and then sent my boxers the same way. She knelt over me for a few moments while we both appraised the naked bodies in front of us.

Kryssie broke the silence "Penny for them"

"I was just thinking that you are the most perfect creature I have ever set eyes on, from your head to your toes, everything is just stunning.

"Do you think I should shave my pussy?"

"Not as far as I'm concerned, I love it just the way it is and red is very definately my favourite colour"

We moved to a rug on the floor and lay side by side, Kryssie softly stroking my cock whilst I teased and probed the soft folds between her legs, marvelling at the creamy wetness my attention was provoking.

Kryssie sat upright

"I want to do it again"

"Do what"

"What we did on the beach, only this time naked"

"Bathroom?"

"No,... here on the rug"

I sat up while Kryssie straddled me, looking into my eyes and half smiling she started to wriggle back and forth on my lap, moving subtly so that my cock was nestled snugly in the warm, moist cleft of her pussy. As the tip of my cock brushed against her hard clit I felt a sudden spurt of warm wetness flood my thighs, Kryssie held me tightly and with soft murmering sounds continued the rocking motion, my cock tip sliding between the entrance to her wet hole, and the end of her slit where it nudged gently into her engorged little bud.

Pausing every so often to squirt another splash of her golden liquid onto my cock, Kryssie started to pick up the rhythm, humming and gasping softly, her thrusts getting more and more urgent, pressing against me harder and sliding faster and faster over me. Kryssie suddenly slipped forwards making my cock slide deeply inside her, then raising herself up she made four or five quick thrusts. Leaning back and raising herself up slightly Kryssie spasmed once, then twice and came explosively sending a jet of pee over my stomach and chest before slamming down hard on me thrusting my cock deep inside her and falling forwards to lie against me.

I held her while the trembling stopped and her breathing eased, my hardness still deep inside her, I started to move gently, just a centimetre or so, then concentrating hard I allowed a small squirt of pee to trickle into her. Kryssie opened her eyes wide and thrust down on me once more, then pulling herself off me just a little, looked expectantly into my eyes, I rewarded her with another spurt, more this time and when she once again thrust down on me, there was a hissing sound as my pee escaped the only way it could, flooding past my cock and over my thighs.

"Mmmm, again" Kryssie whispered, raising herself up.

This time I continued to piss, Kryssies eyes opened wider as she gasped at the unexpected sensation of fullness, looking down between us at the sight of my pee cascading out of her pussy, hissing and splashing onto my thighs and over the floor. When I stopped the flow, Kryssie started to thrust hard against me, fucking me hard and fast, moaning softly at first then whispering "cum, cum cum" over and over again, fucking and grinding against me until I felt the familiar sensation deep inside me.

"I'm going to cum"

"Cum for me, cum inside me"

Thrusting back up at her, matching her rhythm, I let out, gutteral, animalistic cry and jetted my hot cum as deep inside her as I could. Kryssie was seconds behind me as I felt her pussy tighten and grip my cock, milking the last drops out of me before pushing down against me a final time and shuddering to another orgasm.

We lay on the wet rug for a while, kissing and stroking each other, then Kryssie turned onto her side and spooned against me, pushing her bum against my limp cock. I put my arm around her and started to idly play with one plump rosy nipple, stroking and teasing it. Kryssie parted her legs slightly and began to play with her pussy.

"Still horny hun?

"Always horny"

I put my hand over hers so I could feel her rubbing herself, the occasional stretch as she reached down to moisten her finger, then the continued rubbing motion. I was starting to feel horny again myself, but not quite ready for any real action. I pulled away and gently rolled Kryssie onto her back and then moving down so my head was level with her pussy I leaned on an elbow and watched her fingers at work. Kryssie spread her legs slightly to give me a better view and I watched as her fingers fluttered and danced in her soft red curls.

"Feel free to join in"

I licked a finger and gently started to probe Kryssies soft wet folds, finding the moist entrance I slipped a finger deep inside her, she gasped and said

"I meant play with yourself, but this is good too, don't stop"

I finger fucked her slowly for a minute or two, then moved my head between her legs and started to lick her pussy, Kryssie's previous fingerwork had made her clit big and swollen so it was possible for me to take it between my lips and suck on it whilst teasing it with my tongue, this seemed to have quite an effect on her and I had to wrap an arm around each thigh to keep her still enough to allow my tongue to do its work. Kryssies fingers moved to my head, starting by running her fingers through through my hair which quickly changed to grabbing two handfuls and forcing my face hard against her.

Seconds later her thighs squeezed my head, then relaxed, this was followed more urgent pressing of my head aginst her, thrusting up at me until she was literally fucking herself with my face, when Kryssies thighs gripped me and relaxed for a second time I slipped my thumb all the way inside her and sucked hard on her clit. With a loud muuumph sound she thrust against me, came hard, squirting pee over my face and trembling violently.

"Wow"

"Wow indeed" I replied "is my nose still attached?"

Kryssie blushed "sorry, I should have warned you, I get a bit carried away when I get my pussy licked"

"No kidding" I grinned "I barely noticed, did you cum?"

"your face is covered in it" she said blushing again, then leaning towards me to lick my cheek

"Mmmm , a lovely combination of your cum mixed with mine and just a hint of pee, you should try it"

I smiled "I already did, warm and straight from the source"

Eventually Kryssie suggested we shower and get something to eat while my shorts and shirt went in the washing machine. We spent a happy half hour soaping and teasing each other in the shower, then Kryssie made a delicious pasta dish in a creamy white wine sauce, washed down with more of the crisp white wine and brought us two bottles of beer and two very large glasses of water.

"Drink up" she said " when your clothes are dry, we're going out"

