Another VERY "Wet" Massage

26th February 2013, 11:53 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hi everyone!

This is a VERY exciting continuation of a story posted here

, so this will make more sense if you read that also. And I know this is a long posting, but it's all very real. And trust me, I still cut out lots of details.

I have decided to take a break from the online world. I tend to log into here when I'm traveling. But due to my employer's budget, I'm done with travel until the fall. So I'm taking the next 6 months off from the online world - starting March 1st. But don't worry; I'm like a bad habit...I always come back. So PLEASE post your comments on here; I like to hear everyone's feedback. And if you catch me these next couple of days, I'll be online to answer your posts...after that, I'll be gone until September. So catch me while you can!

I traveled again last week, for some follow-up meetings after the conference that I went to about a month ago. I stayed in the same hotel as that other story, but this time only for two nights. As usual, I scheduled a massage ahead of time so I had something to look forward to my first night in town and to help ease the stress and tension of flying. I didn't want to go back to that same place, since I was sure that young graduate student would have been scared to see me again!

So I scheduled a massage with a more senior-level massuese at another place...and it did NOT go well. I pushed the limits on things a little too much, too fast, and failed to pick up on the red flags that this guy just wasn't going to let things happen. And he didn't. He was professional and respectful, but actually stopped the massage and asked me to leave. I was SOOO incredibly embarrased!!! He even said that for his own protection, he'd need to put something in my file about it and that they would be sending me a discharge letter (which I got today). Super.

I was mortified. So much so that when I went back to my room, I couldn't even use the jacuzzi for an easy way to get off like in other stories, or masturbate on my own. Nothing. I needed a release, but just didn't have the willpower after that. But then, the next morning, I was back. For whatever reason, that experience gave me the guts to return to something familiar. I called, and the place from the last trip just had a cancellation with my same grad student - for the last appointment of the night. I asked for a full two-hour massage, but was only able to schedule a 90-minute appointment; they said even 90 minutes was pushing it, but it would be up to him if he could go longer since he was on the rotation to close up that night. Perfect.

All day long, I was giddy with excitement. I actually thought about excusing myself to the bathroom so I could masturbate, so I wouldn't go in all hot to trot (after all, it had been a couple of days since I'd had any much-needed relief). But we were so busy that I never had a chance. So by the time, I went in for the massage, I was primed.

I waited for him in the room, in my robe like a good girl. And when he walked in, he was shocked to see me. He was completely silent for a minute, and said: "I can't let that happen again. I could lose my job." I apologized, and told him that I had just gotten caught up in the moment. But I had a plan.

In a very respectful way, I disrobed - standing there nude - and asked him if he'd like me to start on my stomach or back. Like I said in my previous story, I've actually been to nudist resorts so I'm extremely comfortable in my own skin. This was pushing things a little, but helped to set the tone. He started the massage with me covered by a sheet, and I didn't fight that out of respect for him. But when I rolled over onto my back, I purposely let the sheet fall to the floor - acting like it was a mistake. He was about to get another one, but I asked him just to go without rather than covering me in a cold sheet. He was starting to get more comfortable with what was happening, and he was also getting turned on.

As he was rubbing my thighs, I opened my legs a little for him and I could actually feel how slippery my pussy was. My eyes were closed, but I opened them just enough to see him staring at my nether region and I could see the bulge in his pants forming. It was time.

He massaged down my thigh, and I quickly reached up, grabbed his hand, and placed it directly onto my pussy. He stopped and didn't move. Last time, he had brushed against my labia and my puckered little back hole, but he never actually grabbed onto either one. And by the way he froze in place, I had a hunch and asked him how long it had been since he'd been with a girl. He told me it had been a really long time - and he's nervous around girls. So I told him to enjoy himself, then, but he resisted as he turned away. At least he was trying to do the right thing.

And then I asked him if he'd ever given a girl a massage and then brought her to climax, to which he said I was the only one. He'd never even done that with a girlfriend. Are you kidding me?!?! I poked fun at him, and said that was just stupid since girls would love that. He said he had been learning some techniques for what's called a yoni massage, but would be afraid to actually try them. Of course, I told him that now is his chance to try it out. He still resisted, so I grabbed his hand and slipped it back onto my wet pussy, telling him: "Just do it. You're safe with me."

What followed was the most amazing masturbation session I can remember: 45 minutes of slowly building up to an orgasm. He started by massaging my inner thighs, delicately brushing up and down my labia. He rolled me over onto my stomach halfway through, and propped me up with some towels under my hips. He was so hesitant and respectful, asking if this was ok. And I told him not to hold back, and even told him to finger my ass too if he wanted. He said was afraid to ask, but that was part of it. I almost climaxed as soon as he shoved a finger in there, while he still had two others inside my pussy. But he did it all so slowly, methodically, and gently. It was truly like getting a massage for your pussy, where an orgasm isn't the point but rather a likely side product.

When I rolled back over onto my back, I told him that I was getting so close and I warned him: "I have very wet orgasms, especially after this much build up." He said that would be fine. "I don't think you understand," I said. "I squirt, and may even pee a little."

"I hope you pee a lot," he said. "It was fun watching you do that last time." I just smiled and told him that he's in for a treat, but I'd help him clean it all up. Those were the last words spoken for a long time. I swear that I was right there on the verge of climax so many times, but this method was like torture - with a slow build-up. And then after about 10 more minutes, I knew I was there.

I grabbed onto both sides of the massage table, and opened my legs up as far as I could. He had just one finger in my ass now, while he used the other hand to massage my clit and the orgasm started to course through my body. As I mentioned in other postings, I like to release a full bladder of pee as I climax because I find that it actually prolongs and heightens the orgasm (for more details, read this

).

After an hour and fifteen minutes of being massaged, I didn't have a choice; I would have lost control of my bodily functions anyway. So as I climaxed, I squirted for real a little with the first waves and then just let my bladder go. I clenched down on my abs and squeezed my bladder as hard as I could, literally spraying pee across the room - and even hitting the wall on the other side - as I was still in the midst of a ridiculously powerful orgasm.

I was afraid that would freak him out, but the professionalism of a massuese took over and he just kept going. And within a few seconds, I had another orgasm. And then another. I lost count. They were so incredibly, mind-numbingly, intense. I barely had time to catch my breathe before another one would hit me.

Peeing when I climax is not at all unusual for me, but I'm used to stopping soon afterward to clean up. But like a good masseuse, he brought me down slowly, gradually, and sensually for the next 15 minutes. Both of us were breathless, and neither of us said even a word. Everything underneath and around me was soaked in my pee, which started to get cold so he applied some warm massage oil as he went. It was simply amazing.

"I'd love to keep massaging you, but I have to lock up." That's how he ended the massage, but was still slowly caressing my skin - neither of us wanting this to stop. And he had another reason why he was afraid to stop...

Still laying down, I told him to come closer to me. I'm sure he thought I was going to kiss him, but instead I grabbed the crotch of his pants - which were filled with a throbbing erection, and said: "You're going to lock up with THIS going on?!?!" Even after everything he'd done all of that to me, this totally embarrassed him.

"Of course, you have a hard-on after that. But do something about it." I told him that I wish I could give him a blow job after what he did for me, but I'm married and I do have my limits. He was speechless. "All right, I know you masturbated after the last massage you gave me, right?" He hesitated, but nodded in agreement. "And I'm sure you're already planning to do that again, right?" He didn't say a word.

"Look, you need to get more comfortable in your skin to be with girls. So rather than wacking off later as you picture this in your mind," I said pointing to my body, "just do it now, get it done, and then we'll clean up this mess." He was so shy, so I actually pulled his pants down to his knees. "You need to be comfortable around a naked woman, so go for it. I'll stay right here." I sat up on the massage table with my legs spread open, and he stood next to it and after less than a minute he shot his load all over the floor. It never gets old watching a guy do that.

"Now, that's much better, right?" He, of course, smiled and we both got dressed, and cleaned up our mess. I actually started by wiping up his cum off the floor, saying "If you have to help me clean my piss, I can at least help you clean up your cum."

Mission accomplished: I think he'll make his next girlfriend very happy. And we had fun cleaning up, and getting to know each other.

Kisses,

