The blackmailing Mystery Woman

7th December 2008, 10:28 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

I've never told you before about my "Mystery Woman"... The reason for that is that it is so embarrassing! But it's such a strange story and... well, ok! I'll tell you!

The reason why it's so embarrassing is that I'm actually blackmailed by this woman

It started in a quiet afternoon. I was alone behind the bar and had only five or six guests to serve. A nice looking lady of about thirty ordered a gin fizz and brought it with her to a table. All was calm. It was almost as the guests were joined in a mutual meditation session. Their only moves were when someone very slowly lifted a glass to the lips and then put it down on the table. I half stand, half sat on a high barstool behind the bar at the end of it. I felt a need to pee and not really thinking of what I was doing I lifted the front of my skirt and pressed a hand between my thighs against my crotch.

My left hand slowly began to stroke my left thigh. Oh, I love to feel my nylon stockings on my warm thighs under my caressing hand! It really gets me turned on! My right hand began fiddling with my pussy outside my panties. I made an idle wish that the guests would stay calm and not bother me for a while! My left hand left the stocking tops and caressed my naked, almost hot skin and I felt a sudden twitch in my lower abdomen which made me momentarily loose control and a short spurt of pee made its way through my panties wetting my fingers! Gosh! It felt nice! I let loose of an other spurt that trickled down onto the floor... Oh, what a treat it is to wet my panties! My fingers twiddled eagerly with my pussy and I started to moan quietly. I decided to let go another little spurt of pee... But pooh! How I miscalculated my power to control my pee! A big torrent of pee forced its way through my panties and splashed onto the floor making a rather big puddle!

- "Excuse me!"

I startled! Someone stood in front of me! Someone saw me wetting myself and masturbating! I was horrified! And to make everything worse i started to pee again! Uncontrollably! I was so scared! I was so embarrassed! Oh, that person could have me fired if she told my boss! I looked up. It was the gin fizz woman. She looked very stern...

- "I've been seeing you all the time from the table over there."

She pointed at a table that was placed in a dark corner, the only table from where one could have seen me. Just my luck, eh! And I hadn't noticed that she had sat down there...

- "I could report you, you know! And you know what would happen if I do, don't you? Well, I guess you know! But... you're a very cute girl and when I watched you I got this idea... Maybe you'll think I'm crazy... and on the other hand, maybe you'll like my idea... It's like this. I've recently moved here and this seems to be a nice bar so I'll probably visit it now and then. And I've a proposition to make you... As the Godfather would say: A proposition you can't refuse! I think you can imagine the alternative..."

If I could! No job and humiliation beyond imagination! I was trembling... For two reasons... the one was sheer fear, the other was that I was on the brink to orgasm when the lady came and I was still not far from it!

- "Here is my proposition... Sometimes when I'm here I'll ask you to stand here at the end of the bar in front of me as if we were talking to each other. When we are standing like that I'll caress your legs... up under the skirt... when I reach your pussy I want you to part your legs so that I can fondle it outside your panties

... just like you did yourself a moment ago. And I want you to wet your panties while I'm caressing you and I'll go on until you come! And an other thing... I don't want you to touch me in any way! For me it's enough to make you have an orgasm and to wet yourself... Well, that's my proposition, what's your answer? I might add that this will only happen when there aren't so many guests here and as I see it this spot is sheltered from anyone to see us unless they are sitting at the table where I sat. So therefore I'll always be sitting there when I want to play this little game with you... "

Oh, what was I going to do? All sorts of thoughts ran through my head... I looked at her... At first she still looked stern. But suddenly she gave me a little smile that made her look very nice... But she must be mad! Her proposition frightened me but at the same time I felt something else... Damn it! It also aroused me... What kind of freak was I? But did I have a choice? If she told my boss I would be fired for certain... and the humiliation... Soon everyone would know...

- "OK! It's a deal! But I think you're mad and that it's an awful proposition! And I'm not at all certain that you can make me orgasm and pee when I'm forced to!"

- "Good! And to confirm the deal I want to start right now! Stand here in front of me!"

I had to do what she told me... She lifted my skirt and caressed slowly up my thighs... I tried to think of all sorts of boring things so I wouldn't be turned on... But remember, I was already on the brink of an orgasm... When she reached my pussy and circled a finger around and on my clit I couldn't help that I started to give away silent moans... and when she suddenly pressed one hand against my tammy I lose control and peed my panties again! And that made it! I came hard and pressed my pussy against her hand! Convulsions ran through my entire body and I had to bit my lips to keep silent! I was an offer of mixed feelings... I hated myself to have given in and at the same time it was a most wonderful orgasm!!

- "Thank you! You were a good girl! See you next time!"

And then she left the bar... But since then she usually "visit" me about twice a month. And everytime I fail to cheat her of my orgasm and my wetting my panties... It's so embarrassing to be the victim of such a shameful blackmail... But sometimes I wonder... If she stopped coming, would I miss her? The answer of that question makes me be even more ashamed of myself...

It has been a little more than a year now...

Yvette

