[Fiction] Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 5

18th December 2013, 10:05 AM

Author: somedood123

Location: internet (Sex: Male) Posts: 63

Okay, here is the promised fifth installment. A bit faster that I thought myself, but nonetheless, here it is. Once again, if you haven't read the previous chapters, I would urge you to do just that. They can be found at the following links:

Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 5

The following day Sharon and Jenny went to the library as planned. The library was composed of two floors with books in addition to a basement that housed computers for public use. On this day, the entire library seemed relatively deserted. There was the odd person here and there, sitting comfortable in the cushiony chairs and couches spread throughout the building, their minds engorged in some book.

A little unsure of where to actually look for books on the subject of sexual fetishism, Jenny spoke up.

"Got any idea of where to begin? Maybe we should ask someone."

"What? No! Don't you think that's a little embarrassing?", Sharon exclaimed.

"Uh well, I guess, but we could just say it's research for a project in college.", Jenny suggested.

"Yeah, but still... Anyway, maybe we could start in the psychology section. There's bound to be something about the psychology of fetishes there.", Sharon said.

Jenny agreed and they went looking for that section.

"Okay, so 'P' starts over here. That means 'psychology' should be somewhere down this way.", Sharon said.

The way she pronounced the letter 'P' made Jenny aware that she actually had to pee a little bit, but she decided to hold it.

Jenny's thoughts were interrupted by Sharon's voice.

"Here we go. Psychology", she practically pronounced every syllable, "okay, let's start looking".

A couple of minutes later Jenny spoke up. "I think I might have something here. 'The Psychology of Sexual Fetishes and Paraphilias',"

"That sounds interesting. What does it say about pee?", Sharon asked

"Uh...", Jenny exclaimed and then continued, "not a whole lot by the looks of it".

"Let me have a look", Sharon said and took the book from Jenny's hands.

"Okay, there's definitely something here. 'Urolagnia' - to derive sexual pleasure from the sight and/or thought of urination or urine itself - okay. Doesn't have much in terms of psychological explanations, it seems. Mentions a couple of case-studies, but that's about it. Perhaps it's just an old book"

"Well, when is it from?", Jenny asked.

"Uh, 'published in 1995', so not recent by any means. Whatever, let's get out of here.", Sharon responded.

Jenny lowered her voice and spoke quietly, "Hey uhm, how about we go check out the erotica section if they have such a thing here."

"For what? Pee stories?", Sharon said in a giggle.

"I guess - if there are any - I just think it might be fun", Jenny smiled. "They probably hide that section on the second floor or something."

The two girls headed for the stairs, and once on the second floor, they wandered among the many bookcases. Something that caught their eyes was that this level appeared to be completely empty.

The erotic literature section was at the far corner of the room, surrounded by other bookcases in such a way that you could only tell who was in there if you went really close yourself.

And in they went.

"Wow, there's actually a lot more here than I expected", Sharon acknowledged the moment she saw the many bookcases.

"Yeah, kind of impressive, honestly", Jenny agreed, but was stopped short in her thoughts when she noticed something through the space in between books on the bookshelf she was standing next to. On the other side a girl about their age, maybe a year or two younger, was lying laid back in one of those comfortable cushiony chairs. One hand holding a book, the other between her legs. She appeared to be masturbating.

Monica was a young petite brunette who had just turned 20 mere weeks earlier. On this day she had gone to the library to do some research on a topic she was doing a college assignment on. She went up on the second floor of the library and after meticulously looking through various books, her curiosity made her end up in the erotica section. She wasn't actually planning on it, but after spending about a quarter of an hour reading a really erotic story, one thing led to another and she had her skirt hiked up out of the way and her hand down her panties caressing her pussy. She was so deeply focused on reading and masturbating that she didn't even hear the two girls walk in. Not that she could see them anyway.

"Shh. Look here", Jenny whispered as quietly as she could.

Sharon, intrigued, also looked. "Come on, Jenny. Let's just go, give the girl some privacy."

"Just a minute please, okay?", Jenny spoke quietly, obviously turned on. Sharon would be lying if she said she wasn't slightly aroused, but she dispelled the thoughts from her mind.

Monica continued masturbating, quickly approaching climax. Seconds later her muscles started convulsing and the orgasm shook through her. She managed to stay fairly quiet throughout the whole ordeal, but a minor moan did escape her mouth. This suddenly made her aware of her surroundings once more and she listened intensely. Nothing - guess she was still in the clear then. Monica felt her need to pee now, having not went since around noon and it was now nearing 4.

Now, the thing with Monica was that she had a bit of a funny and apparently also small bladder. Basically, after having an orgasm, her need to pee always seemed to increase very drastically, not just a little bit - she could go from 'well, I gotta pee a little, but it's no problem' to 'oh gosh, I'll pee myself any second now' - this was one of those cases. It wasn't always just after an orgasm, though. Quite often, she could go from 'okay' to 'desperate' in a matter of minutes. She knew the restrooms were all the way down in the basement of the library. There was pretty much no chance she could make it that far. Usually when this feeling arose, she would end up peeing a minute later - two if she was lucky - she just couldn't hold it in.

But it wasn't always like this. In her teen years this had never been an issue; it had only started in the last year - luckily she had just moved out of her parent's house.

She first discovered this on of those nights where she just couldn't fall asleep. Bored and sexually frustrated, her mind led her thoughts on a sexual ride and it wasn't long before she was pleasuring her naked body, Monica always slept naked.

After a couple of minutes she reached the top and the orgasm started shaking her body. It lasted for a long time, but finally, she was calmly relaxed again.

A few seconds later she felt a familiar urge in her abdomen. "What? I gotta pee now. I just went 40 minutes ago", she thought. The urge kept increasing and Monica exclaimed, "Oh, fuck gotta pee, gotta pee".

She had only just raised herself to a sitting position at the edge of the bed, about to stand up, when her torrent broke loose.

Surprised by this, Monica tried very hard to stop the flow but to no avail. Her pee continued for a solid 15 seconds before the stream finally subsided. "What the fuck just happened?", she said quietly and looked at her drenched, discarded clothes and the puddle that had formed on the wooden floor. She threw the wet clothes in the laundry basket and wiped up her puddle with a fresh towel, then returned to bed, still feeling very weird by what had just happened.

"Fuck! What am I gonna do!?", Monica thought to herself as she desperately surveyed her surroundings for anything that would allow her to pee where she was, one hand buried deeply in between her thighs. She frantically searched through her handbag for a container of any kind, but she didn't have anything, no water bottle, nothing to help her in the dire situation.

"Wow! Did you just see that?", Jenny whispered to Sharon, "she just climaxed right here in the library!"

"Yeah, interesting...", Sharon whispered, clearly aroused as evident by the hardened nipples showing through her blouse. Sharon was beginning to feel a need to pee arise.

"Ooh! Her hand just flew to her crotch, she looks like she needs to pee really badly", Jenny continued.

"Come on, quick. She's bound to come out any second now, especially if she has to pee as badly as that looks. Let's not be standing right here when she does. Don't want her to feel embarrassed.", Sharon said, pulling Jenny by the arm.

"Alright, okay okay", Jenny obliged.

The two girls went and looked at the books in the nearby bookcase outside of the erotica section.

Monica was in genuine pain now. She had to pee so badly, and it was starting to sink in that her bladder was literally seconds away from losing the fight.

"Okay, okay", Monica whispered to herself as her eyes once more flickered across the surrounding area. The chair? No that wouldn't be fair for the next person to come sit in it. Nothing about this was fair - she was literally about to pee inside the actual library, inches away from the books. Monica's eyes moved to the floor - at least no one would end up sitting in her pee.

The floor was covered by a thick and plushy, deep red carpet. At least the sound would be indistinguishable.

A tiny spurt of pee escaped her bladder, startling Monica and also warming her panties slightly. This was it. She really couldn't wait any longer, the floor would have to do.

Standing up from the chair, Monica listened intensely for anyone to be nearby - nothing. Okay, she was in the clear then.

She went behind the chair in an attempt to hopefully make sure that the puddle wouldn't be discovered immediately.

In one quick motion, she had her panties by her knees and was squatting inches over the thick red carpet - and what timing because that's when her bladder decided to let go.

Monica peed a slow, but steady stream of very pale golden urine. It flowed nicely and the carpet easily absorbed it. Monica's head was lifted upright, her eyes closed as she relieved herself. She didn't think she'd ever had to pee that badly before. After about half a minute her flow started slowing, and Monica once more became aware of her surroundings. She continued to listen for approaching footsteps, but heard nothing. "Might as well finish then", she thought.

Once more, her pee stream picked up in speed as she pushed out the last bit. 15 seconds later and the stream turned to drips. A second later and she was done, feeling very relieved and much better. Searching through her handbag, she found herself a tissue which she used to wipe herself clean and promptly disposed of next to the puddle. To her horror, though, the puddle had started spreading and was no longer completely hidden behind the chair. "Oh damn, I gotta get out of here." was all that was going through her mind as she pulled up her panties.

Monica picked up her handbag and then left the erotica section. Once out, she noticed two girls standing by a bookcase nearby. Immediately, she felt herself start blushing ever so slightly, hoping they wouldn't notice. She quickly strolled out of there, making sure never to make any eye contact.

"What can possibly be taking her so long?", Jenny said, slightly frustrated. The books the two girls were looking at weren't all that interesting.

"I dunno, maybe she's trying to hold it", Sharon responded, pondering the situation.

About a minute or two later, they heard the girl come out. Then they saw her quickly hurry past them.

"Woah, did you see how red her face was?", Jenny said to Sharon.

"Yeah, I guess it is a little embarrassing to think that we've been out here all that time.", Sharon acknowledged and then said, "Okay, let's have a look at that erotic stuff then."

"You still wanna do that? I'm getting quite desperate for a pee, why don't we just leave now?", Jenny asked.

"I know, I'm starting to feel it too, but come on, it was your idea in the first place!", Sharon pointed out, "let's just have a quick look and then we'll go pee at my place.", Sharon smiled naughtily at that last bit.

"Ok, deal!", Jenny agreed, clearly happy about the last part.

Both girls then entered the erotic literature section and were excitedly looking for interesting, sexy stories. Sharon was looking at a book and Jenny moved closer to the chair. Finally, she spotted the puddle of pee that had been left by Monica.

"What is that?", Jenny exclaimed, a little bit excited.

"Huh, what have you got?", Sharon asked, thinking Jenny had somehow found some unusual book.

"I, uh... There's a puddle on the carpet here. Do you think that she- did that girl just pee all over the floor?", Jenny said as her excitement and level of arousal rose drastically.

"What? That's absurd. Are you sure it's pee?", Sharon asked.

Jenny moved a little closer to the puddle, trying to see if there was a smell of pee. She noticed the discarded tissue next to the puddle and also a very faint aroma of pee.

"Yeah, pretty sure. There's a tissue and it smells a bit like it.", she finally said.

Sharon wasn't sure what to feel; it was essentially vandalism. This was a public library, not her private home, but still... She felt herself getting aroused, and all she managed to say was, "Oh, uh, wow. That's... hot!".

"Mhmm.", Jenny said and continued, "Remember when you said we would go pee at your place? How about we just pee here? I'm feeling really desperate

, and seeing this hasn't helped for sure."

"What? We can't do that! What if someone comes and sees us? We could get reported to the police and arrested and such...", Sharon exclaimed.

"But there's no one here! Plus, I don't even see any cameras. If we're just quick then...", Jenny explained.

Sharon knew it was wrong, in fact, they both did, but there was just something... It was so wrong, but oh so naughty.

"Okay, okay. But let me just check", Sharon finally answered and then went out into the main section. Still completely empty, not another soul in eyesight nor within earshot.

She went back to Jenny and then said, "Okay, you go first. I'll keep an ear on things and signal if someone appears to be coming."

Jenny had already started lowering her jeans and panties. "Okay, where to do it, where to do it?", she pondered.

"Come on already!", Sharon motioned, a little anxious.

"Alright alright.", Jenny said as she had spotted an empty shelf near the floor. She decided to use this for balance.

She sat on the edge of the shelf, spread her legs and then started peeing. Her pee spurted out in a clear stream and as it did, it could be watched and heard pattering on the carpet below her. "This is really fun!", Jenny exclaimed. Mid-flow, she started using her fingers to direct her stream, spraying it in various spots on the carpet. "We drank a lot of water, so this really isn't that bad, is it? Our pee should be pretty diluted.", she said as her stream began to vanish. A couple of seconds later she was done. Rising from the shelf, she began pulling up her pants and said, "Your turn now".

"Okay... I don't really have to go that badly. Can't we just go now before we get caught?", Sharon said.

"No! Come on! I did it, you gotta do it too.", Jenny protested.

"Okay, but- just wait one second.", Sharon said and went out in the main section for another look. Still no one in sight. Okay then.

Sharon came back inside and started lowering her shorts next to Jenny's puddle.

Jenny interrupted her, "Don't do it in the same place. The puddle will be too large! And... Are you not wearing panties?".

"Okay. Well, what do you suggest then? And no, my panties were still a little damp from last night. They're waiting for you on your bed", Sharon said.

"Remember that dream I told you about? The one where I was in your bedroom and you told me to pee in your chair and so I did? I dare you to pee in this chair!", Jenny said and smiled at the last remark, "I can't wait to get home then!".

"I can't do that! That's too much!", Sharon protested.

"Okay, how about you just pee a little bit into the chair then? And then let the rest out into the carpet?", Jenny suggested.

"Okay then, if it'll make you happy.", Sharon said, feeling somewhat bad for what she was about to do, but it was also such a thrill.

Sharon hovered over the chair with her shorts at her feet. It took her a little while to start, first and foremost because of how wrong it was, but also because she honestly didn't have to go that badly.

Nevertheless, a couple of seconds later the hissing started. A completely clear stream of pee shot out from her, almost drilling into the cushion before it started soaking in properly. Sharon only allowed herself to pee for a few seconds before stopping. Anxious to resume her peeing, she went into a sitting position in front of the chair, her back resting against it and her legs spread. Then she started peeing again.

It shot out even faster this time, her bladder clearly didn't like being stopped in the midst of the action. Her pee stream continued for several seconds, hitting the thick carpet so hard that it started foaming a little. The carpet absorbed it as if it was nothing. There was obviously a puddle, but it was a small one. A few seconds later, Sharon's flow ended and she quickly pulled up her shorts.

"Wow, that was hot!", Jenny remarked and let her hand touch Sharon's breasts.

"Not now, Jenny. It's not safe. Let's go home", Sharon said.

The two girls then admired the now three puddles on the thick and plush red carpet before finally leaving - having barely read anything.

On the way down the stairs, they passed a guy, probably in the late 20s, heading up. When they were clear of everyone else, Jenny said, "I hope he goes in there and discovers what is hopefully a very pleasant surprise for him".

"I sure would like to be the one to discover that", Sharon responded, "but now... let's go home to me", she continued and then gave Jenny a long kiss on the lips.

_____

I'm not sure if I'll be continuing this specific series further, but I do want explore the Monica character a bit more, possibly in the form of short letters in the Wet Carpet thread.

