Visiting Kim in London - 1

8th July 2006, 12:50 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

In writing previous posts, I thought I was running out of steam with regard to my wet experiences with Kim. Doing the last one, I recalled a couple of others, so here goes - whilst collectively they spread over a bit more than three years, I still regard myself as having been very lucky. With the benefit of clear hindsight, I just wish I had married her - it would have almost certainly saved me from a difficult marriage and divorce. Good love making (sex, then!) maybe isn't the most important thing...but like money, it helps.

Enough "philosophy"...and back to 1978...late '78, in fact.

When her job looking after the two young boys came to an end, Kim was looking for something else to do again. Her recent employers, Brian and Lesley, were wealthy. Unsurprisingly, they had plenty of equally wealthy friends, including a couple who lived in London, who also had two small boys. The word went out...and Kim found herself with another live-in job, though now in a very select area on the outskirts of London. Quite a change for her, moving away from her friends, even though London wasn't too far from our home town. Me? I was still (hundreds of miles) away at University but now with a car of my own.

I hadn't much experience of London, so it seemed like a good idea to go down and get some, so to speak. Rather than take the car, the train was clearly better - it would take less time from the North and with the aid of a student railcard, was a lot cheaper than buying petrol. And the car, being old, had a pathetic heater, lousy wipers and leaked in the rain...let the train take the strain, they said - so I did.

I bunked off Friday lectures again and caught an early train...the legendary Flying Scotsman, no less, though with diesel power, not steam. This meant a reasonably early arrival at Kings' Cross station: Kim was working, so I had plenty of time to be a tourist and then later on, to make my way to see Kim by public transport. A lengthy ride on the Tube was followed by a bus journey - not a classic London double-decker but a little red box, which dumped me about a mile or so from the house where Kim was working.

What a house it was - over 100 years old even then, but much extended and improved over the years, all in the best possible taste. It had large grounds including a separate garage block with snooker room above, tennis courts and pool - you get the picture. Kim had her own room in one wing of the house, while the boys and their parents, (we'll call them Tom and Sarah) were in the other wing - so a reasonable degree of privacy.

Being Friday, Tom and Sarah were going out to dinner with friends: there was a little time for my formal introduction but then Kim had to get the boys to bed. Fortunately, being very young, this meant early, just before their parents went out. And so Kim and I finally had some time to ourselves - it was many weeks since we had been together. Kim cooked a nice meal and I had bought a bottle of red wine at an off-licence when changing from Tube to bus, so we were well set for a quietly romantic evening, listening to records on Tom's stereo system.

After the bottle of wine, Kim and I were getting decidely mellow: Kim, being somewhat prone to migraine headaches, quite sensibly decided she would have a drink of water as a "chaser". The conversation became progressively laden with innuendo and when I mentioned that I had been taking photos "in town" with my new SLR camera, she grinned and said she hoped I had some film left! I had...including a spare roll. By about 9pm, we had loaded the dishwasher and Kim was leading me upstairs.

Kim's room was very pleasant - not massive but nicely furnished and decorated, with a double bed and a TV in the corner - the latter extremely rare back then. Best of all, it had the most magnificent en-suite bathroom, quite unlike anything I had ever experienced before. It was all colour co-ordinated green (probably Avocado - what else, very trendy back then!), and in addition to the usual three pieces there was a separate shower cubicle and a bidet, while the floor was tiled, not carpeted. And the bath! It was big, with a seating area...perfect for what we enjoyed doing.

In the bedroom, we embraced and kissed and we began to undress each other. Although winter, it was comfortably warm - I was naked first (it didn't take long) and can remember kneeling in front of her as she stood in just her underwear. Her nipples were visible under her (front opening) bra: I undid the clasp, slid it from her shoulders and smoothed my palms over her areolae and stiffening nipples.

Her knickers were plain white cotton - definitely a favourite of mine! - and there was no doubt she was sexually aroused - the outline of her slit was distinct and of course I just had to touch her there, finding her warm and damp. Leaning forward, I nuzzled her with my nose, her obvious scent serving only to make my erection even more firm!

I stood up again and Kim grasped my prick and used it to steer me to the bed. She threw the covers back and we collapsed onto it in a giggling heap, rolling on top of each other and kissing and touching. Remembering our earlier conversation, I said something along the lines of;

"If you don't behave, I'm going to take some photos and send them to your Mum!"

Kim: (giggling) "Go on then - I dare you!"

Me: (thowing myself out of bed towards my rucksack propped in the corner) "Oh yes, I dare - and I've lots of film left!"

By the time I had my camera (a Pentax K1000, for those old enough to remember and/or care) out of the rucksack, opened the case and turned it on, Kim had pulled the bedclothes up to her neck!

As I set the camera for a long exposure, even with Ektachrome 400 (reasonably fast for colour film then: flash would have been too harsh and no anti-red-eye feature!) Kim slid the covers down until one breast and nipple was exposed...I exhaled slowly, depressed the shutter release and then as the other breast came into view, did so again. It wasn't many minutes before the bedclothes were right back and I had taken several pictures of her lying and kneeling on the bed with just her knickers on.

It took some persuasion but eventually she let me take a picture with her knickers pushed down a little and her dark brown but quite sparse pubic hair peeping over the top. Once she had passed this critical point, the knickers came down further - and then off altogether. Eventually she let me photograph her lying on her back, legs apart, displaying her beautifully neat slit...

After a few minutes I put the camera down and climbed back on the bed. Kim's pussy was very slippery and we embraced and kissed deeply. She broke away and said, "I think it's bath time - will you scrub my back?"

Corny? Only now, maybe...holding hands we entered the bathroom - despite the effective central heating, the tiles were still very cold underfoot.

Kim: "Ooh, these tiles are so cold, it makes me want to wee!"

Me: "Have you been holding it again?"

Kim: "Mmm...you know I like it...I'm absolutely bursting to go!" With this, she bent over the bath and turned the taps on, the water gushing into the bath and producing clouds of steam. I moved behind her and slipped my fingers between her legs to find her pussy absolutely dribbling with lubrication.

Kim: (still bending over the bath but breathing heavily, wiggling her bottom towards me and parting her legs a little) "You're so naughty. If you do that again I might have an accident and wee on the floor".

Me: "Well it can't do any harm here..."

I lifted her shoulders, turned her towards me and cuddled her close, my fingers sliding down over her bladder and applying gentle pressure. Kim clamped her thighs together and it was all I could do to slip my index finger between them. As my fingers found her slit again, she parted her legs a little and I felt the slippery sensation change:

Kim: "Oh God, this is amazing...and so naughty... if you keep doing that you'll make me wee-wee on the floor!"

Needing no encouragement, I stepped back a little and sank down to my knees in front of her: looking up I could see she had her eyes closed and was biting her lip.

Kim: (mumbling) "Don't stop...I'm going to come..." Her own fingers went to work between her thighs, while she held onto my shoulder with her other hand. She gasped as if in surprise and a few drops of urine trickled round her busy fingers and down her thigh. Suddenly she leaned heavily against me and groaned - as she did so, urine cascaded from her slit and pattered onto the tiles. The flow stopped and she sank down next to me until she was sitting on the cold floor. I held her close - she spread her legs and I pushed my middle finger into her, only for it to be pushed out again as her muscles ejected a powerful jet of pee which shot upwards and outwards across the room to land somewhere near the shower cubicle!

This was followed by another dribble and then she closed her legs and looked around at the mess we had made - quite apart from the jet that had got almost as far as the shower cubicle, the pee that she had let go whilst standing had splashed across the room for a remarkable distance, with the exception of that which had gone in my direction, which I had stopped! It was a good job that the walls were fully tiled.

Kim: "Hmmm...that was super - but oh God! - look at the mess, and I still need to go!"

I lifted her by the hand and she squatted over the bidet - obligingly, she spread her legs again and simply let me watch as she let go again, a steady jet of pee pouring into the bowl. By this time I was bursting, too, so I knelt in front of her again and managed to let my own pee go, playfully spraying a little onto her pussy as she finished.

I grabbed a cloth and wiped up most of the mess, as Kim climbed into the bath - I then hopped in too, for a soak with my lover - the first time we had actually had a bath together. Even that seemed quite daring, though perhaps a little tame compared with our antics that had preceded it...and as we got out of the bath, we heard Tom and Sarah come in - what a good job they didn't know what we had been up to in their posh bathroom!

Finally, it was off to bed, where we made love very tenderly - it didn't take me long to come, while Kim finished herself off again with busy fingers.

And so to the next post, which will probably be the last wet experience I can currently recall having had with Kim (though there were a couple of "dry" events a few years later when we were both seeing other people!).

