[Fiction] Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 2

21st July 2013, 02:04 AM

Author: somedood123

Location: internet (Sex: Male) Posts: 63

Hi there. First of all, I would like to apologize for the long wait between part 1 and 2. I had started writing some things early on, but never really finished. A few days ago I picked it back up and decided to start over.

It is very much possible to read this story without having read the first installment, but I would strongly suggest you start with the first part. It can be found here

.

I would like to thank those of you who left feedback on my first story as it served as good motivation for me to continue this as a series.

So thank you for your interest and thank you for reading.

###

Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing Part 2: Jenny's night and morning

Jenny woke up in the middle of the night to one of her favourite feelings; a full bladder. Something about it just got her all excited. A second later, she realised she was peeing. Quickly ceasing her flow, she moved her hand to feel for any wetness. At the same time, she discovered that she was completely naked; she had gone to bed naked following the experiences from a few hours earlier. Jenny felt some tiny drops on her thighs, and moved her hand and noticed the sheet under her was a little damp. She must have shut her flow almost immediately after starting. That's when she remembered that she had been dreaming.

###

In her dream she was sitting on the couch in Sharon's apartment, and she was in desperate need of a pee. As she looked in the direction of the door to the bathroom, she noticed that there was simply a wall. It was as if there was nothing there.

"Where's your bathroom!? I really need to pee!", Jenny asked Sharon, who was sitting next to her.

"Hmm? Oh, don't be silly. You know that. You've been here countless times!", Sharon replied while pointing towards a door in the other end of the room.

Jenny immediately dashed towards the door and opened it, feeling her bladder readying itself for release. As she stepped inside, she noticed that the room didn't look anything like a bathroom. There was no shower or bathtub, no toilet nor sink. The floor was carpeted. It felt very soft against her feet. In the corner of the room, Jenny spotted a bed. In the other corner was a cushioned chair and a small table. Opposite the bed was a closet.

This was Sharon's bedroom, but not at all like Jenny remembered it. Jenny's desperation was growing stronger by the minute. She HAD to pee, and it had to be very soon.

"This isn't the bathroom. Where am I supposed to pee? Did I walk into the wrong room?", she thought to herself. Interrupting her thoughts, she heard Sharon's voice from the other room.

"Did you find it? You're just standing there!"

"Uhm... I don't think so.", Jenny called back.

"What are you talking about?", Sharon asked as she was getting up from the couch, approaching Jenny in the other room.

As Sharon came into the room, Jenny replied, "Well, I mean, this isn't the bathroom, and I don't remember your bedroom looking like this.". Jenny's desperation was now very noticeable; she was practically bouncing up and down.

"Well, I moved things around a bit", Sharon said, now noticing Jenny's clear desperation. "Oh, wow. You really gotta go, don't you?".

Jenny was almost yelling now, as she nodded slightly, "Where is your bathroom? Where can I pee!? I don't think I can hold it for another minute!"

Sharon, still remaining calm, simply said, "Pee here. I told you, this is the bathroom."

"What? What are you saying? Are you telling me to just pee on the floor in your bedroom? On the carpet?", Jenny asked, her interest rising.

"Pee wherever you like. If you want to sit, you can use the chair over there", Sharon said while pointing to the cushioned chair in the corner of the room.

"Are you serious? For real? You won't get mad?", Jenny asked, still hopping from foot to foot.

"Trust me. Pee in here. Better yet, watch me. I could do with a pee myself.", Sharon said as she began lowering her bright yellow panties from under her skirt.

"Now, I really like the carpet, but you can use the chair if you want to. I promise.", Sharon continued, as she squatted down towards the soft, dark carpet.

Jenny watched with great interest while trying to take off her jeans.

Sharon had positioned herself perfectly, her legs spread just right, allowing Jenny a clear view of her shaven pussy.

"Here it comes!", Sharon announced as she unleashed her pee. It started as a trickle, but quickly turned into a powerful flow accompanied by a strong hissing sound. "Mmm, this feels amazing!", Sharon exclaimed as the two girls watched the carpet darken as it absorbed the golden liquid coming from Sharon's pussy.

Jenny had managed to take off her jeans and panties and was now naked from the waist down, but she was mesmerized by the sight of her friend emptying her bladder all over the carpet.

"Come on now, I thought you had to pee!", Sharon said, as her stream began to once again turn to a trickle.

Regaining her senses, Jenny's bladder sent a strong signal that it was time.

"I think I'll try the chair.", Jenny said, hurrying towards the cushioned chair in the corner.

"Great choice. I assure you it won't be the first time it has receiven such a wonderful treatment.", Sharon said while finished her pee on the carpet, grinning as she did.

Jenny sat down in the chair, leaning her head back as she began spreading her legs slightly. Sharon had come to watch closely.

"Okay, I can feel it coming.", Jenny announced.

And then it started. A small trickle, but merely a second later, this was turning into a strong stream. Her pee began soaking into the chair cushion, but also started pooling around her ass. Jenny decided to scoot towards the edge of the seat and continue peeing on the carpet. A clear stream of urine was spraying from her pussy, making a loud hissing noise. As it began pattering on the floor and you could begin to see the first few drops soak into the carpet, the dream ended.

###

Jenny's thoughts were now back in her room in her apartment. She still had to pee, but after recalling her dream, peeing in a place not naughty, was out of the question. She pushed the covers out of the way, and placed herself at the edge of the bed. She wanted to try something similar to what she had done in her dream. Without hesitation, she signaled for her bladder to let go.

Immediately, a strong stream sprung forth along with a loud hissing noise that was soon drowned out by the sound of the pee hitting the carpet. Unfortunately, it was so dark in her room that Jenny was unable to watch her pee as the carpet absorbed it, one of her favourite parts. But it was still incredibly naughty, and she couldn't resist the temptation to touch herself. Still peeing, she started caressing her pussy, making sure to give extra attention to her clitoris.

Sadly, though, her flow had come to an end, and Jenny crawled back under the covers. Once under the covers of her bed, she again began stimulating her lower regions. Soon thereafter, she was shook by one of her most amazing orgasms in memory. As she finished, she felt a tiny bit of pee still left in her bladder. Not wanting to take off the warm covers once more, and feeling extra naughty, Jenny relaxed her bladder once again. As she felt the small stream warming up the cold, damp spot in her bed, she drifted back to sleep.

###

Jenny woke up hours later to the sun lighting up her bedroom. Feeling well-rested, she decided to get up. Taking the first step onto the carpeted floor, she immediately sensed a dampness under her feet. "Right. Oh! I peed here in the middle of the night.", she thought to herself. As she did, she turned her attention to the bed. The sheet was slightly damp, but nothing major. Already getting a little bit excited, her body tingling all over, she couldn't resist touching herself lightly. At the same time, another pressing matter interrupted her thoughts; her morning pee. Not feeling desperate, Jenny decided against relieving herself.

Instead, feeling very thirsty, she decided to go to the kitchen to get herself something to drink. She poured herself a big glass of chilled water and immediately gulped it down. And then another. As she was finishing her second glass, she looked at the tiled kitchen floor. She had never peed in the kitchen before aside from the sink a while back. Still feeling naughty from earlier, a thought crossed her mind. She wanted to pee in the kitchen, on the floor, and she was going to. Leaning against the counter, she decided to pee standing up. As she parted her legs, she felt a rush of excitement course through her body. Discovering new and naughty places to spray with her piss was another one of her favourites. The situation must have caused her bladder to ready itself as she was beginning to feel desperate. "Any second now...", she whispered to herself.

And then it started.

Almost instantaneously, a strong golden stream shot forth from her pussy and began raining down on the floor. Relief and excitement coursed through her as the hissing sound spread through the room. Jenny watched, mesmerized, as her golden stream formed a small, still-growing yellow puddle on the tiles. Still peeing, she adopted a squatting position. Peeing standing was fun, but squatting really was her favourite. Moments later and she was out. Before heading into the shower, she decided to grab another glass of water, gulping it down as quickly as the other two.

A lot of her time in the shower was spent masturbating as she relived the thoughts of her dream, her pee in the night and what she had just done in the kitchen.

As she dried herself off, she started thinking about what to wear. After a moment of consideration, she decided on a short dress, fitting for the sunny day, but she also decided on no panties.

Going into the kitchen to prepare herself some breakfast, she noticed that she had completely forgotten about the puddle of pee on the floor. Grabbing a fresh towel, she threw it in the puddle to let it soak up.

Moving into the living room with a piece of toast and a glass of orange juice, she figured she might as well check her email. A couple of minutes later, she had finished the juice and toast, and was just finishing reading the last email as she felt the urge again. All the water she drank earlier had made its way to her bladder. While getting up, looking towards the bathroom door, Jenny's eyes met the couch and its soft cushions. Immediately recalling her dream, where she had pissed into Sharon's chair, soaking the cushion, she knew she had to try it for real. With all the water she had been drinking, her pee was bound to be diluted and clear, meaning the damage, if any, would be minimal, she thought.

Picking her favourite spot on the couch, she lifted up her dress and sat down with her legs comfortably pressed together. It took her a few seconds to get started as this was something rather new to her. She was about to pee into one of the cushions of her couch, a place she and guests often sat in. Before finishing her thoughts, it came.

Her pee started as a trickle slowly increasing in speed as it tickled her pussy and thighs. Jenny could hear the hissing sound as she closed her eyes and let the feeling sweep across her. This felt amazing. Here she was, sitting comfortably on her couch, and she was peeing! Feeling her pee nearing its end, she stopped, wanting to try something else. She hopped onto the cushion and adopted a squat. As Jenny resumed her piss, she started using her fingers to direct the stream. She managed to spread her pee to more regions of the cushion, a bit even getting on the carpeted floor here and there. Unfortunately, seconds later, her bladder was empty.

Jenny's hand flew to her crotch and she began caressing herself, even grinding her pussy on the soaked cushion. She desperately wanted to pee again, but could only manage a few drips. Despite this, it wasn't long before she reached a delightful orgasm.

Feeling both relaxed and relieved, she knew this was certainly not the last time she would be peeing in such place.

###

I hope to continue this series further. Right now, my plan is to explore Sharon's morning in part 3 and then we'll see where that takes us.

