Fetishistic Determination

22nd February 2014, 04:47 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Having festishes is kinda tough, sometimes. Just ask the submissive in the queue at Starbucks. Essentially, the way fetishes work is that the individual's brain is wired to derive sexual pleasure or excitement from something that, on average, most other people don't. Sure, one can successfully seperate their fetishes from their every-day life and activities, but no one can say they don't think of them when they should come up in... shall we say, inconvenient situations.

Where am I going with this? I've got another story for you. There was this one time I was at a big furniture showroom, looking for a new chair. Our big central living room chair had finally bit the dust, and it was time for a replacement. (I was looking forward to getting one of those cushy chair-and-a-half deals; they make great GM chairs!) It was late at night; close to closing time for the showroom, and while I was looking around, I felt a sudden urge to pee. The problem, was, I didn't expect to.

See, I have two very specific, and conflicting fetishes in my life. (Apologies to those who have heard me mention this a lot) The first is to go commando. Just, all the time. And in skirts, too. I totally get off in running around with my lady-bits exposed to fresh air at all times, to say nothing about the easy access. It's not really a hippie thing, it's much closer to a horny thing. Once I decided to free myself down there, I never looked back. It's very liberating! And sexy.

And the 2nd fetish I hold dear, as many here know, is wetting myself. I just LOVE wetting myself. It just feels so GOOD to take a deep breath, relax myself, and be rewarded with warm wetness all around my most sensitive parts. I drink a lot of water day-to-day, and so my pee is always well-diluted. I never have to worry about the giveaway smells or yellow color when I need to wet in a public place.

Now, I know you're saying, "But Gracey! How do you wet yourself if you constantly go commando?" Easy. I take panties with me in my purse when I leave the house. When the need hits, I find a restroom or private place, pop them on and bam, wet gratification. When I'm done, I slip them back off and they go back into the purse. They even have their own special little pocket. It's a system that works out quite well for me... unless the unexpected happens.

Back to the furniture showroom. That night, I hadn't expected to need a pee while I was out; I had gone before I left home, and I didn't think I would stay at the store for terribly long. So, I didn't bother taking a pair of panties with me. WELL. On the way there, I got caught in a highway traffic jam that added 45 minutes to my trip. Seriously, it was ridiculous how long we were all crawling down that stupid road! And when I finally got to the showroom, what should I see when I walk through the door? A large, noisy, decorative fountain. GREAT.

The power of suggestion can be very... well, powerful. I did my best to ignore the fountain; I moseyed around from section to section, looking at all the different chairs and sofas, all the while listening to the constant splashing of a never-ending waterfall. With the extra time it took to get here, combined with the stupid suggestive fountain, I started to feel that little tingle downstairs. Oh yes, it was time to pee again. And here I was without anything to wet.

Of course, I could have just forgot about my fetish that one time. I could have just sought out the ladies' restroom, lifted my skirt and taken care of business. I could have done what any average person would have done in my situation. But dammit, I'm not average! I have a sexy fetish, and I'm enthusiastic about it! How can I call myself a solid wetter if I don't jump at every opportunity? Right then, there was an opportunity that I was missing. I just needed to find it.

I was determined to find a way to wet myself that night. I took off to the ladies' restroom and looked around. All that was there were flimsy paper towels that wouldn't stand up to complete saturation. Nuts to that! I couldn't jam my skirt between my legs and wet that, because I still had to go back out through the store to my car. The solution was not in the restroom, so I gave my pussy a few rubs, and told myself it was time to be a little naughty.

I walked back into the showroom and looked around. Since the store was close to closing time, there weren't a lot of customers around. I then looked up at the celing; no security cameras. I guess they figured no one would try to steal big pieces of furniture, right? I darted around until I was sure no sales clerks were nearby, and then made my move.

I spotted a couch that had those soft plush coverings. Perfect for absorption! I gave one more look around to make sure; no one watching. I lifted my skirt, straddled the couch's arm rest, and pressed my pussy against the plush material. It felt really soft and comfy! I would have to remember that for future humpings. About this time, I was hearing that dumb fountain again, and the sound of the running water was messing with my head. Time for a wet!

I knew I would have to be quick here. I took a deep breath and bore down. My pee came rushing out, saturating the soft plush material of the arm rest, and my entire crotch along with it. And it felt so good! In just a few seconds I was done, and I immediately hopped off, readjusting my skirt. The arm rest had a dark stain on it, but it looked like the cover material absorbed all my pee. There were no puddles on the floor. Perfect! I zipped away from the scene of the crime, and no one saw me!

I ended up not buying a new chair that night. I wanted to leave before anyone discovered my indulgence. I hung around in my car though, masturbating to orgasm because that experience turned me on pretty hard! Ah well. Let that be a lesson to those that are serious about their fetish; never leave home unprepared.

