Please! Where are there any public toilets?

17th January 2008, 02:17 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

The other day I got the idea to a pee play from a comment by wet-debbie to the thread "Pantswetters - do you enjoy being watched?" Debbie wrote that she'll ask someone for direction to a public toilet, and while they are giving directions, have an "accident". I found that such a great idea and commented that I'll have to try that as soon as possible. And today I did...

In order not to be recognized I went by train to a town 60 km from where I live (I like to be caught but not to be recognized...). Before my trip I'd been drinking a lot of water and tea. I found an empty compartment and sat down at the window. But a moment later I got company by an other passenger, who sat down opposite me. It was a good looking lady in her thirties, very elegant dressed. She leaned back and shut her eyes, obviously intending to have a little nap. And soon she slept alright, she even snored a little! In her sleep she moved uneasily, which made her skirt ride up high on her thighs. Her legs were parted and I'd a clear view up to the crotch of her panties! She looked really sexy with nylon stockings, garters running along her thighs in under her light blue, transparent panties

... Her pussy was quite visible through her panties. The sight made me gasp! She kept on moving uneasily, maybe she was dreaming... Her panties had cut in between her lips and I could have sworn that I saw a wet spot on her crotch... Was it my dirty mind or was she getting aroused in her sleep? Suddenly she pressed her thighs hard together and rubbed them. Her bum slided forth and back on the seat. She looked really uneasy by now... Was she...? Yes, it must be so! She looked like she had to pee! She panted and moaned and was obviously aroused as well! Oh, what a sight she was! But unfortunately it didn't last. With a start she woke up! Perplexed she looked around, discovered her uncovered thighs and, with blushing cheeks, she arranged her skirt in a more decent way. But during the remaining trip she showed insignificant signs of desperation

... And do I have to say that my panties were pretty damped from my pussy juices...

When I arrived I first went to a pub near the station. I ordered a large beer together with a double whisky. I sat there for forty minutes building up my need as well as my courage to pee...

Five minutes' walk from the train station (where there were public toilets... lol!) was a park, which I thought would be perfect for my pee play! When I got to the park I really needed to pee... and I was slightly tipsy... I trudged around looking for someone to ask for the direction to a toilet... Preferably one or two women, absolutely not a man as I judged that to be a hazard (and besides, I prefer women)...

I strolled around for thirty minutes without any luck. I got more and more desperate and now and then I had to put a hand between my thighs and press against my crotch! I even started to dribble some pee in my panties, not much but I my panties got wet!

But over there! I caught sight of two women, maybe about 35 years old... They stood and talked to each other and looked very nice. I went up to them, my pace restricted by my need to pee, and said:

- "Ahum, please, do you know where there are any public toilets?"

They started to talk at the same time, interrupted them selves and started again, obviously not being agreed... I stamped uneasily on the ground, grabbed my crotch and whimpered:

- "Oh, hurry! I can't hold it any longer! I'll soon pee myself..." I rubbed my crotch hard...

- "Oh, dear! But Of course! The train station..." She stopped speaking when I quickly pulled up my skirt, parted my legs and let go! My pee gushed through my panties and splashed on the ground between my feet!

- "Oh, my god! I pee myself!" I pretended to start crying! The two women looked at me with sympathy and, if I wasn't mistaken, a certain fascination... I peed like forever! And some hit my clit and before I finished I was pretty close to come! I was so horny... I couldn't refrain from moaning out loud...

When I was finished peeing one of the women put her arms around me, gave me a hug and said:

- "My little girl, don't be embarrassed! It could happen to anyone... I once..." She interrupted herself obviously realizing that she was going to deliver a rather personal confession! The other woman, with a more practical disposition, said:

- "Sweetie, you got to have dry panties! You can't walk in these wet panties when it's so chilly outside. There is a lingerie shop just around the corner. Come on!"

And off we went to the shop in question. The women had a lively discussion about which panties to choose. eventually they agreed of buying a pair of very cute, pink silky panties and insisted of giving me them as a gift! Then they dragged me to a changing booth, where I could change panties. They followed me in to the booth and when I've taken off the wet ones and began to put on the dry ones, one of them stopped me and out of her purse she she took a pack of Kleenex and gave me. I took out a pair and began to wipe my pussy, very much aroused from the fact that they was looking at me... Perhaps I was a little more thorough than needed... and perhaps I shouldn't have concentrated me as much on wiping around and on my clit... Anyhow, I suddenly cried out loud when an overwhelming orgasm hit me and I dropped rather ungracefully to the floor!

- "My, my...!" The one woman said. "Not unexpectedly, not unexpectedly at all...!"

When we parted, the women said in chorus:

- "Stay dry until you get home, sweetie!"

