Sexy Pants Wetter

21st September 2005, 07:23 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is another article sent in to a magazine called «Nugget» some years ago. It has always been another one of my favorites because it also seemed so real. Here goes….

«Last year I had just been married and unfortunately my hubby, Jon, was having trouble staying hard. We were both very upset at this and I was feeling frustrated.

Jon buys several sex magazines, including Nugget. Until recently I frankly thought much of the material was weird, though Jon always liked it.

A strange thing happened last spring that made our love life much better. One afternoon I was at the grocery store, which is six miles away from our apartment in the suburbs. I was felling very antsy because I needed to go to the bathroom. The checkout line was very long and while waiting, the need became very bad. When I got to be next in line something funny happened. The man in front of me dropped a sack of potatoes on the floor as he was about to put them on the checkout stand. When he reached down for them his butt would hit the stand. Then he turned and tried to pick them up from another angle and his rear end hit the cigarette stand. Finally, after three or four tries he was able to reach down in the confined space and get the sack. He and the checkout girl both laughed at his difficulty and so did I.

The problem was, as I giggled at the man I was wetting in my pants. For a few panicky moments there, I could control neither my laughing nor my wetting. The tan gym shorts I was wearing became wet in the bottom and I was very embarrassed.

Finally, I got out of the store and started for home. Half way there I still needed to pee, so I speeded up, feeling very uncomfortable. Then it happened. A county cop stopped me for speeding.

I pulled over to the side of the road and the flashing lights came to a halt behind me. I was in a panic and knew Jon would be furious. The cop turned out to be a husky, women. I stayed in my car as she approached on foot. She asked for my license. Cops have a way of taking a long time to hand out tickets, and as she was deliberately going about her business I was sitting at the wheel leaking more pee in my panties. This time I was really soaked, and I'm afraid the cop saw my plight when she asked me to step out of the car. She could not take her eyes away from my soaking crotch. I just hope I never see her again.

I finally got home and carried the groceries in, hoping Jon wouldn't be home from work yet. He was though, and I told him about the ticket and sure enough he was mad. Then I told him how I wet my pants, expecting him to be really grossed out. But for some reason he wasn't. He inspected me front and back, and seeing my soiled shorts he laughed. I stood there feeling both relieved and very embarrassed. But then he did a surprising thing. He lifted me in his arms, all 5'2" of me, wet pants and all, and carried me to the bedroom and made love to me like he had never done before. By the time he had finished I was worn out.

The next day Jon confessed to me that he had always been turned on by the idea of girls in wet pants. He didn't know why that was the case. Later, I realized that his unusual tendency would continue to help us in bed if I could stimulate it from time to time. I ended up describing several incidents in my past. There was the time when I was a high school cheerleader and wet myself in the last quarter of a game. Another time I was a college freshman and had a date to a big dance. We drank lots of champagne and I wet my pants while sitting at a big table with several other couples. On that occasion my date had to literally carry me from the car to my dorm, as I was pretty much out of it. When he discovered my soaked panties he was definitely turned off and never called me again.

He enjoys hearing these things very much, but now I've run out of true stories to tell. I love to please him however, and recently we discovered a very realistic way to stimulate his hang-up. Last week we were at the beach with me in an orange bikini that was really more brief than it should be. Sometimes the bottom slips down to low, revealing some of what I should be keeping secret.

Every day Jon would bring a lot of beer, and I would drink enough so that I was feeling no pain. Then we would lie on a large beach towel, and after a while I would need to pee very badly. I would pretend to be asleep, and while in that state would release my bladder completely. After a while I would «wake up» and the two of us would walk up and down the beach for a mile or so. The beach was crowded with people sunbathing and partying and I noticed many of them staring at the crotch of my bikini. I was so glad that I was wearing sunglasses. Still it excited me knowing that I could attract so much attention.

The day before we left I did something even more daring. We were staying in a large hotel, and I went down to the busy lobby convenience store wearing a pair of very brief pink shorts. They were made of a cotton material that showed very clearly the rather large stain where I had wet myself. Several people really stared at me that time to, including Jon. It was embarrassing but I didn't know any of the people, and will never (I hope) see any of them again.»

Are there other stories out there like this one?

