Her very own Niagara Falls (fiction)

27th January 2011, 04:10 PM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

It was winter and a cold wind blew over the area and howled around an apartment building. A man with shopping bags in both hands approached the apartment building. He wore a thick jacket, and he even wore over-trousers for extra protection against the cold. Adrian Webward locked himself in. He had just begun climbing the stairs to his apartment when he heard someone running down the stairs towards him.

«Hello, Lilly. So you are going to do the laundry?» he said when he saw who it was. Lilly had her arms wrapped around a large basket of laundry, and on her back she had a backpack. She greeted him and said: «Yes, but I'm really on my way out to go on a school trip. The bus comes in about 5 minutes so I must hurry! I'll just throw the laundry into a washing machine in the laundry room first.»

«Then I won't stop you,» he said. «I hope you'll make it.»

«Sure, I think I will,» she said, and as she passed him: «I'll leave the basket in the laundry room, mother will retrieve it when she comes home from work.»

«Bon voyage!» he said. She cast a friendly glance at him, thanked him, said good bye and continued down the stairs. At one instance she had crossed her legs, something that told him that she needed to pee. Lilly lived with her mother, Karen Mumford, who was of Adrian's age. They were Adrian's nearest neighbours, and the three of them had over the years become well acquainted.

Lilly had now reached the basement and opened the door to the laundry room, and she saw that there was no one else there. Oh, the door of the first washing machine is broken! What about the other machine - is it available? Yes, fortunately. She ran over to it, threw the laundry into it, closed the door, and started the machine. Then she went over to a corner of the room where she put down the empty basket and went back to the washing machine. Oh, it is so slow! Why doesn't it start? She pressed her thighs together to keep from peeing while she knocked at the machine cover with her fists - oh, come on!

Suddenly, there was a sound: «KA-Boom!», the machine had finished thinking and the water was connected. Her hips shot forward as if she had gotten a kick in the butt. Oops, the pussy has slipped through and is up front, it is not under pressure anymore, pee can splash out any moment! She reacted instantly by shooting her butt out, crossing her legs and pressing a hand against her pussy. She made it just in time. Splash! The large-sized tube inside the machine sprayed water into the drum. Got to pee! Immediately! She looked around. Oh, there's the drain, and it is open, too - how convenient! She ran towards it.

Suddenly a lady, Mrs. Jones, entered the room to look after her laundry. She discovered Lilly. Oh, there's that sweet Lilly, but what is she doing - skipping across the floor with both hands pressed against - her most intimate femininity. «Hello, Mrs. Jones,» Lilly said. «Hello,» Mrs. Jones replied in a restrained way after she had overcome the surprise. Lilly, who was still on her way to the drain, bent in the direction of the door and disappeared through it. Oh, how humiliating, she thought as she stood outside the laundry room, I hope I was not too short with her, and Mrs. Jones of all people, she is sitting in the board and everything. She looked at her clock. One minute left until the bus was supposed to be there, perhaps it was outside already. «But what can I do now?» she thought desperately. There was no toilet in the basement, and there was no time to go back to the apartment ...

Meanwhile, Adrian had arrived at his apartment. In his wardrobe was a package that should have been in his booth, but he had not had time to carry it down. The booth was in the basement near the laundry room, and his having seeing Lilly on the stairs had reminded him that he should take the package down to the booth. It's just as well to do it right away, he thought as he took off his jacket. He did not bother to take off more clothes because it was not a long walk down to the basement. So, he took the package under his arm and left the apartment.

In the basement he passed the laundry room. The door was ajar and the light was on and he could hear that there was someone in there. It is probably Lilly, he thought, or maybe she has already finished starting the washing machine and is waiting for the bus in front of the apartment building. He did not bother to take a peep, but continued on his way to his booth. He entered the section of the basement that consisted of a main passage with narrow passages to the left and right where the booths were. His booth was so close and he knew the way there so well that he did not bother to put on the light. There was enough light from small windows up under the ceiling on the outside walls in the narrow passages that he could see where he went.

Suddenly he heard a sound from a narrow passage as he passed it. It was a metallic sound like from a belt buckle. He peered into the passage and saw someone standing just below the window. The window was facing the courtyard, and the snow outside gave the light a bluish colour so that he saw the scene under the window in almost black and white. The dim light revealed a girl pulling her pants down to her thighs. The light hit her white knickers, which were lit up in the darkness.

Then he saw who it was. «But Lilly, what are you doing here?» he asked, astonished. Embarrassed, Lilly pulled her pants halfway up to hide her panties. She hesitated, then she said: «I have to pee.»

«But you can't do that here!» he said. She crossed her legs and pressed a hand against her pussy while she moaned. «I'll call my mother on my cell phone afterwards, she can clean for me,» she said apologetically. «But ...» he said looking around him, «... it is so narrow here that pee will easily flow into the booths, and it will not be possible to reach it from here to clean it up.»

«Oh, no,» she said, «I did not think of that.»

«Ow, ow, and you have so little time!» he said. He put the package down on the floor and walked towards her. «Yes, and you're the second one interrupting me!» she said. «Poor girl,» he said, «I'm sorry for having disturbed you, but maybe I can help you just the same.» She stood with her back against a booth and he positioned himself in front of her with his back against the booth opposite. «How about doing it in my clothes?» he said. «What?» she said, amazed. He continued, «Because then the pee will be sucked into my clothes instead of running out on the floor and perhaps into the booths.»

«I don't know ...,» she said and began a desperation dance. «Take off your backpack,» he said glancing at her swinging hips, «while I take off my over-trousers and lay them on the floor in front of the booth here so that it will absorb your pee - as you can see there is quite a lot of fabric in the over-trousers.» He did what he had said without waiting for a response from her.

She followed his movements with an air of uncertainty. There he sits down on his over-trousers with his back against the wall, now he raises himself a little and pulls his pants down his legs - it looks like he really intends to do it! A little embarrassing to undress in front of Lilly, he thought, but it is absolutely necessary the way the situation is - there is no way around it. The pee cannot wait any longer, she thought, and it is better to do it in his clothes than on the floor. She had hardly finished the thought when she pulled off her backpack, threw it down on the floor and tore down her pants, pantyhose, and panties.

After having straightened up she stood before him naked from the navel down to her knees, where her pants, tights and knickers were curled up. In the light from the window the black triangle at the bottom of her stomach was clearly visible in contrast to the surrounding white skin. He gulped when he saw her big, black bush. Imagine that she has so much hair down there - she is after all only 18 years old! Oh, well, better stop looking before she notices. Ah, here she comes.

«Turn around and sit down in my lap,» he said. She did as he had said and sat down with her back against his chest. He stretched his arms around her and down between her legs, grabbed the waistband of his panties and pulled them up to her stomach.

«No!» she said and pushed his hand away - no hand of his down there, no way. «Oh, excuse me,» he said, he had noticed that he had touched some pussy hair with his thumb. «But then you have to hold my panties so that the pee does not hit the floor.»

«Oh, no! You can hold them yourself!» she said then. He pulled his panties up to her stomach again, but this time he placed his hand a little higher up. «Start now,» he said. «OK,» she said, and after a while in singing voice: «It is com-ing!» After another few seconds he felt something wet in his lap and then suddenly there was a sound: «Ssss» from down there, and urine squirted out and hit his panties. She moaned: «Oooohhh, finally!». His lap was quickly filled with her girly pee. It started to run over and ran down everywhere: along the sides of his hips and down on his buttocks, between his legs and down on his dick and balls, and further from his dick and balls down to his over-trousers where it was sucked into the clothing fabric.

What a wonderful situation to be in, he thought as he was sitting with Lilly's naked thighs against his, with her naked back against his bare stomach, with a view of her pretty thighs sticking out on each side, with his hand pressed against her soft stomach, and with a puddle of warm pee in his lap. And in the background the peeing pussy sounded, performing its well-known symphony in a way that only Lilly's pussy could.

She began to laugh. He had to smile as well. It is her relief, he thought. She continued to laugh, and after a while he became a little embarrassed. How could he stop her laughing? A peeing girl is not something to laugh at, he felt, but is on the contrary a fascinating and indeed a wonderful experience! Maybe she needed a little more self respect for her peeing? He said: «What a force you are urinating with, Lilly. Who would believe that a young girl like you could have such a powerful squirt!» But Lilly laughed even more.

«Is it the hissing pee sound you are laughing at? But it is quite natural for the female body the way it is created.» She just kept on laughing. She probably needs some more information, he thought. «The pee sound has to do with the pee coming out of the pee hole which is hidden in there, right? So that whirls form, and that is merely according to nature.» Well, now she stopped laughing, that was good. She turned her face towards him and looked at him with an incredulous look and he responded with a smile and a nod back at her as if to say that what he had said was important information that she should think over.

And to emphasise what he had said, he finished his little speech with: «In fact, for some girls a fan shaped stream is formed down there, it is as if she has her very own Niagara Falls!» But he should not have said that. Now she turned her face forward and began to laugh again. She was laughing more and more. She gasped for air and he was afraid she would lose her breath. «Well, well,» he said, stroking her arm to calm her down, and feeling disappointed that his initiative had proven so unsuccessful. «But having such a large force of peeing is not a way to present oneself to a boyfriend,» she said between bursts of laughter. A lot of guys might be interested in that, he thought, but said instead: «I suppose you could say that, though I'm not a likely boyfriend of yours. This is an extreme situation and we do not have time to think about it. We'll just leave it to nature to take its course.»

Suddenly some pee squirted through his underwear and pee drops fell on the thighs of his panties and some of them almost reached his knees. The stream must be lowered immediately! He reacted instantly by pushing her in the back and said, «Bend forward, otherwise the pee will squirt upward and hit the floor!» He felt like a fireman who had to take immediate action to bring his incessantly swinging fire hose under control. She leaned forward and the uncontrolled squirting stopped. As she did this, he instinctively lowered his eyes to her butt. The young girl had a fully grown woman's hips. He admired her wide butt with its butt crack and buttocks.

In the meantime his prick had naturally grown big. He had kept it under control below and between his thighs by pressing his thighs together. But with Lilly on his lap he had become tired and he had to move a little. This led to his thighs parting, and suddenly his prick popped up between his legs. There was a «Ssss-wosh-ssss-wosh» sound. His prick had landed right in the pee stream from Lilly's pussy and had begun to swing from side to side in the powerful stream. He noticed the tickling of the stream as it hit his prick. It tickled all along the length of his prick. Okay, so she has a Niagara Falls pussy herself, he thought, was that why she had been laughing so strongly?

«Oh, the insides of my thighs are wet with pee,» said Lilly, who had finished laughing. «Yes, it's probably your Niagara Falls stream splashing about a bit,» he said, the temptation to express himself ironically had been stronger than the fear of her laughter starting again. She said: «I'll be drenched with pee if this will continue. I can't enter the bus like that.» She began to whine, and he hastened to say: «Don't worry, Lilly. When you're done, just slide forward along my thighs and dry the pee on your thighs off on my underpants on the way. When you have arrived at my knees you'll probably be dry,» and he continued: «Don't think of me, I'll get wet anyway.» Yes, you can say that again, he thought to himself and hoped that he would not be dripping with pee on the basement floor and on the stairs on his way back to his apartment. «Yes, that was a good idea,» she said, and stopped whining.

Then, after a while, she sighed deeply and said, «Oh, that was good. Thank you!» Just a few more drops of pee fell into the pond in his lap, and she had finished. His erect prick, that was no longer kept away from her pussy by her pee stream, was now touching her pussy. As she started pushing forward along his thighs to wipe her thighs off as he had said, his prick slid along her pussy slit, pushed barely into its lower end before it slipped further past her butt and finally hit his stomach with a whack. Curiously she looked backward and down on his prick. Ah, so that's how it looks like! It had been a bit rude and tried to get a taste of pussy, but that did not happen! But what a great, blind eye it has! How does it look when pee squirts out of it? Maybe a return service to Adrian would be possible sometime? She looked up at him as if to make sure that he had not read her thoughts. He responded with a grimace, and she turned her head forward.

In the position half way up his thighs she moved from side to side to properly dry her pee on her thighs off on his underwear. Then she sat down on one of his knees and moved back and forth to wipe her pussy dry. He followed the movements of her wide butt with his eyes, and his panties were so thin that he felt her through them. «I hope you don't mind this,» she said. «No,» he said. No, not at all - with eyes closed he enjoyed the movements of her soft pussy against his knee. Then she had finished rubbing and he looked at her as she was standing up. Her hairy pussy looked great from behind and below, and when she bent forward to reach her backpack the dim light from the small window up under the ceiling was sufficient to reveal her pussy crack.

«Bye, See you later! And thanks again, it was very kind of you, I will never forget this,» she said as she threw her backpack on her back and began to move in the direction of the main passage. No, with certainty none of us will ever forget this, he thought as he shouted after her: «Don't bother to call Karen, I shall clean up.» Lilly partially ran and partially skipped along the passage while she struggled to pull up her panties, pantyhose and pants one after the other. He stared at her wide butt with its two buttocks moving alternately up and down as she ran down the passage. Then she disappeared around the corner between the narrow passage and the main passage. He heard her pass down the main passage until a door slammed, and she was gone. This was the first and last time I got to see Lilly's bare behind, he thought.

He got up and considered the situation. The butt of the over-trousers was soaked, but the trousers' legs were still dry. Some pee had passed through and had formed a small pond outside the pants. He used the legs of the pants to wipe the pee away. Then he put his clothes on. First, he pulled up his panties, which were soaked to the knees, and then his pants. The pants were dry, but the hips part was soon wet through because of the wet underwear.

Then he discovered something - oh, another pee pond with an arm threatening to flow into a booth! He hurried over to it, lay down on all fours and put his mouth over the front end of the little pee stream and slurped up all the pee in it. Although the pee lay on the cold basement floor it was still warm after having come out of Lilly's pussy a few seconds earlier. He had never imagined that he would experience something like this. He felt his cheeks growing even hotter than they were before.

He got up again, rolled up his over-trousers, and put them under his arm. Then he left the booth section of the basement through the door that Lilly had just passed through. Since he was wet here and there and carried a somewhat strange bundle under his arm he hoped that nobody would see him. He sneaked past the laundry room. Was anyone there? He did not think so. He slipped out of the basement and into the entrance hall of the apartment building. No one there either. He hurried up the stairs, and after a short time he succeeded in rescuing himself into his apartment. No one had seen him as far as he could tell. After changing his clothes he soaked a floorcloth and returned to the basement, wiped away the rest of the pee on the floor and picked up the package he had put down and placed it in his booth.

###

A few days later he met Karen in the hallway outside his apartment. He said he had seen Lilly on the stairs on his way to his apartment the day she had left. Had Lilly reached the bus and arrived safely, she had had so little time? Yes, everything had worked out well. That was nice to hear, he said. They continued to chat for a while.

Adrian was talking about something he had discovered on the Internet when Karen began to smile. She thought about something Mrs. Jones had told her. The same day that Lilly had left, Mrs. Jones had seen Adrian with soaked trouser butt as he came out of the basement. She had said that it was as if he had placed his butt right into the doorway of the washing machine with the broken door - they had a good laugh at that joke. But what had really happened? She interrupted him and said: «By the way, were you down in the basement as well the day Lilly left?»

«Well, yes, maybe I was,» he said and thought: Did she know anything about what had happened in the basement? And if so how much? How much do daughters and mothers talk about things like that nowadays? And she thought: Oh, he looks so worried. Maybe something unpleasant happened in the basement. She said: «Never mind, it is not that important.»

When they had finished talking she said, «By the way, Lilly said something strange on the phone, she has suddenly taken an interest in Niagara Falls.»

«Really?» he said slowly, thinking about the incident in the basement and wondering about what Karen would say next. «Yes, she seems determined to go there.» He had to smile. Why would she go to Niagara Falls, all she had to do was to lie down on the floor in front of a mirror, press her thighs together, pull them up on to her chest and let the pee splash out! «She said she had received a tip from you before she left,» she added. «Oh, she did, did she?» he said, «That was strange.»

«Yes,» she said, staring at him waiting for him to continue. He felt as if a rope was hanging around his neck and was tightening. She was startled when he suddenly began to laugh. «I don't know,» he said, «maybe you misunderstood. But she may come and look at my books about nature any time if that's what she wants. But now if you will excuse me I must go. Good bye, please greet Lilly from me and wish her a good time for the rest of the trip.»

As he opened the door to his apartment and entered, he threw a glance over his shoulder. Karen was standing in the same position and was looking out of the window with a thoughtful expression on her face. He thought: If Lilly had told her mother what had happened in the basement, Karen had just made fun of him! And maybe she was not critical to what Lilly and he had done at all, but was interested in a wet meeting herself? And perhaps she also had a Niagara Falls pussy? He did not know what to believe. And what about Lilly? Maybe she wanted to repeat the meeting in the basement, but in the more comfortable surroundings of his apartment and above all with more time available? It could look like that. But to find out he had to wait until she came back from the school trip ...

