My first time on here

25th January 2008, 03:14 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

This is my first time of ever writing about this so i hope you all will be patient with me lol.

Where to start I'm not sure so i suppose that the first time i really had wet sex is the best.

I used to work at a semi private hospital in the south of england and as a horny 24 year old had the time of my life with all the available ladies that also worked there. Well eventualy I met up with the girl who was to become my wife and also the person who finaly turned me on to how good wet sex was. It started maybe the third or forth time we spent the night together. I was trying really hard to make her come too make our love making as good for her as it was for me but every time she got near to coming she would move away or change what we were doing, any excuse to really relax it seemed at the time.

So I came straightout with it and asked her if there was any problem. She was quiet for a few moments and then turned slightly red before she answered that she had a problem coming as she got really wet when she came. Thats not a problem I said not realising how wet she really meant. She smiled at me and said we'll see so we laid back down on the bed and started to make love again.

I was laying on my side beside her gently stroking her from her face to her knees stop occasionaly in between to pay special attention to the places she seemed like me touching. kissing her slowly from her throat down wards across her breast and taking her nipples into my mouth and strummimg my tongue across them at the same time as pushing my fingers into her and rubbing gently across her clit with my thumb. Then it happened i felt her arch her back off the bed and her pussy seemed to grip my fingers and i could feel the inside of her press down onto them. She pulled my head away from her breasts and up to her face and kissed me hard.

At the same time as pumping her groin against my hand. I could feel my hand getting wetter and hear the noise of her juices splashing of my hand then she pushed my hand away from her and really arched her back and squrted across the room several long sprays of hot sweet pee it was amazing to see the way her body twitched as she squirted and what a turn on from that moment on it became a thing with me to see how hard and wet i could make her. More to follow i hope this is what you like to read about.

