The Warmest Welcome

18th August 2010, 04:14 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

This is a story I wrote for a friend, that I decided to share here on PeeSearch. It's different from my other stories in a couple of ways:

(1) It is shorter, by far, than my other stories.

(2) It is told in a voice I have never used before: in the first person, talking to my partner. This is a voice used very effectively by kaele1gh and PissyMissy in the past. I hope I do it justice.

Please let me know what you think of it, good or bad. If you like this story, please check out my other stories:

Chrissy and Elizabeth (f/f watersports)

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Kim's Watersports Adventures (f/f watersports):

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Carol and Tracy (m/f watersports):

Carol's Surprise

Tracy's Tale

Will and Carol and Bob and Tracy

Selected Excerpts From the Diary of Leslie Kay

Part 1

(f/f watersports

Part 2

(m/f watersports

You can also check out my personal story of how I got into watersports (m solo).

If you like any of these stories, please let me know. Thanks.

The Warmest Welcome

I walk in the door and you are there waiting for me. You are a vision of beauty, standing wearing only a thin, white T-shirt. I take in your lovely face, on which there is a gorgeous smile, look at your beautiful, curly hair, and see your lovely, large breasts straining against the fabric of than thin shirt. I gasp at the marvel in front of me. Immediately you are upon me, passionately kissing me, while at the same time your fingers fumble w/ my belt and the buttons of my pants. In no time my pants are around my ankles, my cock, now hard and throbbing, in your hand, and my arms around your body, holding you close to me as we continue to kiss.

You start to kneel down in front of me, my cock in your hand, your mouth opening, ready to take it in. Feeling the aching in my bladder, I stop you before my cock enters your wet mouth. "Hold on a second. I really have take a piss. I'll be right back."

The smile on your face gets wider, and you look at me and give me a naughty wink; "Why don't you just do it right here?"

Our wet fun has always been confined to the bathroom, or to our bed, which contains a waterproof mattress cover. Here we are, standing in the living room, a place we have purposely avoided playing pee games, due to the mess it will create. The thought of the clean up briefly crosses my mind, but I quickly push it aside. I want you too much now to worry about any consequences later.

I try, for a second, to push any thoughts of you aside, for thinking of you will not allow me to lose the intense erection I now have. Very soon my cock, while nowhere near flaccid, is only semi-erect. I relax, waiting for the piss to flow in order to ease my aching bladder.

A strong stream of piss erupts from my dick. You aim it at you large, beautiful tits. In no time your shirt is soaked and the fabric has become clear, revealing you beautiful tits and nipples to me. I marvel at the sight as you rub my piss all over your tits w/ your free hand. You then redirect my stream so that it is flowing in and then out of your mouth. You look up at me while this is going on, and I can see a number of emotions in your beautiful eyes: joy, love, and lust. I fall in love w/ you all over again.

As soon as my flow stops you take me in your mouth, licking and sucking my dick. I love the way your tongue feels as it teases the underside of my cock, and enjoy the feeling of my cock entering your warm, wet, mouth. In fact, I am enjoying it too much. I don't want to cum yet, so I reach down and gently pick you up from the floor. As you stand I start kissing you passionately, tasting the slight saltiness of my piss on your lips. I then pick you up and carry you to the couch. Once there I rip open the old shirt and attack your beautiful tits. I am again tasting the remnants of my piss as I lick and suck your nipples. I try to suck a whole tit into my mouth one at a time, despite the fact that I know they are too large for me to do so.

You sit up on the couch and spread your legs, and I know exactly what you want. I kneel down at the edge of the couch and start to slowly run my tongue over your pussy lips. I then start to gently lick your clit, and continually increase the pace. Soon I am attacking your pussy with my tongue. I reach up and fondle those wonderful tits, kneading them and pinching your nipples. I can hear your breathing getting shallower, and then it comes, a wonderful orgasm. I am enjoying the taste of your juices when it hits me, a stream of piss from your own aching bladder.

I do my best to drink your piss, but it is coming too fast. It is pouring down my chin, and soaking myself, the edge of the couch, and the carpet. I continue to enjoy your wonderful, clear spray until finally it wanes. I place my mouth over your pussy and drink the last few spurts. I look up and see how turned on you are by all of this. I start to eat your pussy again, and we are both rewarded as you orgasm for a second time.

You lay down on the couch, look up at me w/ those sultry eyes, and whisper "Fuck me. I want you to fuck me now!"

I position my dick at the edge of your wet pussy lips. It slips easily inside your very wet pussy. I slide in and out, gently at first, but with increasing force. I am now slamming my cock into you, the thrust making your beautiful tits quickly bounce back and forth. You reach your hand behind my head and pull me down toward you. You kiss me passionately yet again, this time it is your turn to taste your own piss on my lips. I continue to fuck you until I feel your body stiffen and then shudder, as you experience your third orgasm of the evening. This is too much for me, and I shoot my load into your hot, wet pussy.

We lay there, holding each other on the couch for quite a while, kissing and fondling each other. Each of us still oblivious to the mess we will have to shortly clean up.

