The Officeboy

17th July 2007, 04:05 PM

Author: peelvr65

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 39

I wrote this some years ago. It's long, even in two parts. I hope I don't exceed any restrictions. Mostly, I hope you all enjoy...

A soft rap on the door. "Come in," replies the deep confident voice from within. The man opens the door and steps confidently into his boss's moderately apportioned office. Behind the large wooden desk sits a woman, black hair, worn up in a business-like bun, a pair of ebony sticks criss-cross at the back of her head to hold her hair. From where the man stands, he can only see her from the waist up. She is wearing a black silk vest, collar open, baring a hint of cleavage. A trail of black buttons lead down out of his field of vision and disappear beneath the desk. The milky white shade of her skin made a stark contrast against the black of her clothing and hair.

"You wanted to see me, Ms. Raven?" the man says, using the name written on the plaque at the front of the desk.

"Yes, Richard. I want a progress report on the document you are editing." Speaking firmly, the man begins to explain and moves toward a chair near her desk. He pulls the chair back, as if he were going to sit, the woman interrupts him.

"What are you doing?" the man looks as though he has been slapped.

"I...am going to sit down."

"You were not invited to do so, Richard. Please continue." the man notices something, a *****le in her coal black eyes, the hint of a smirk. He dismisses it. Gathering himself, he continues with the report. As he speaks, the woman pushes her chair back away from her desk. She is wearing a skirt to match the vest--the hem is two inches above her knees--black nylons and black leather pumps. She leans back in her leather chair, rests her elbows on the armrests, and interlaces her fingers in front of her face. Her two index fingers remain straight, and come together, forming a steeple, which she rests on her bottom lip.

She crosses her legs, keeping her knees tightly together, revealing nothing. The man notices something out of place on her shoes. He continues his report but steals glimpses at her shoes, trying to determine what is wrong. Mud. There is mud on her shoes, somehow tarnishing her, dirtying her. It is his turn to smirk as he thinks what a disheveled woman she is. Her job should be his sooner than he had planned. He finishes his report. There is a long silence. The woman stares at the man until his discomfort becomes obvious.

"Will there be anything else?" he asks.

"You're new here, aren't you?" she asks.

"Yes," he replies. He notices a flash in her eyes at his response. Her hands come away from her face, she uncrosses her legs and leans forward in her chair, forearms resting on her desk.

"You will reply to my questions with "Ma'am". Is that understood?" The man's jaw drops.

"Excuse me?" he says. "I will not..."

"You will." Her tone is forceful and direct. He has no reply. She leans back in her chair and crosses her legs again. This time, however, her legs are open just long enough that he notices that her nylons go up mid-thigh, and he is briefly treated to a flash of milky skin.

"I have something else for you to do." he waits.

"What?" he replies, after a pause. she raises her eyebrows at him.

"I can see that you and I are going to have to come to some understanding," she says, getting up from her chair. When she uncrosses her legs, her knees separate, revealing the sheen of black silk on her crotch. "What are you looking at?" she asks, clearly angry. The man is caught and begins to stammer. He blushes from the collar of his starched white shirt up to his hairline. He begins to sweat. "I believe it's time for your first lesson, officeboy." The man, incensed, says nothing. However much he doesn't like it, he is at her mercy...

"You will find that there are many rewards when you work for me," the woman says, walking around to the front of her desk. She leans back and rests her bottom against its edge, standing in front of the man. She crosses her arms beneath her breasts and considers the man from her superior position. "But those rewards do not come without work...or respect." The man, still not recovered from his earlier scolding, says nothing. "You will learn to respect me, first, Richard. And your first lesson will be a cleaning project."

"I was not hired as a janitor, Ms. Raven...," he begins, indignantly.

"What makes you think you're better than the janitor? Your education? All that book learning has taught you nothing of the world, I'm afraid." The man is dumbfounded into silence. "I want you to clean my shoes."

"I...," the man begins to stand and in the blink of an eye, the woman grabs a handful of his hair at the back of his head. She yanks it backwards with a sharp jerk, forcing the man back into the chair. Her face is inches from his own, her eyes bore into him.

"Whatever that sentence was going to be, the last word out of your arrogant, unschooled mouth better be "Ma'am." Am I making myself clear?" The man is terrified into silence, but he finds the pain of her pulling on his hair to be exquisite, something he has never before felt.

"Yes," he replies, knowing what would come next. He wasn't disappointed. She pulled harder.

"Yes, what, officeboy?"

"Yes, you are clear," he replies, trying not to let his enjoyment of her control over him show. With her free hand she slaps his face, all the while looking straight into his eyes. He capitulates.

«Yes, Ma'am," he says. She lets go of his hair only after one more angry tug. She stands up straight in front of him again.

«On your knees, officeboy," she commands. He moves to do so, but she stops him with a firm hand on his chest. She is bent over at the waist, and her vest hangs just enough for the man to see the rounded tops of her breasts, the nipples covered by a black lace bra. "When I give you a command, you say "Yes, Ma'am" before you execute it. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Ma'am," he replies.

"Good. Now, on your knees, officeboy."

"Yes, Ma'am." The man moves from the chair to his knees. The woman pulls the chair away and takes the wastebasket from beside her desk. She turns it upside down, spilling its contents onto the floor and places it in front of the man. She lifts her left foot off of the floor and places it on the bottom of the wastebasket.

"Clean it. And if you scuff my shoe I will lay leather on your bare skin." With her foot up on the wastebasket, the man can see straight up her skirt. The silk covering her crotch appears damp. His cock hardens in his slacks. Again, like lightening, there is a fistful of his hair in her hand. "The shoes, officeboy. Look at the shoes. Nothing else until they shine."

"Yes, Ma'am," he replies. He studies the shoe in front of him; he studies the ankle rising from its mouth; beautiful, it is. His eyes travel up, to her shin, and there they stop. He looks back down to the shoe, studies the mud, and begins to clean.

"When you finish, there better not be a grain of dirt on my floor, officeboy."

"No, Ma'am." He wets his fingers in his mouth and begins to scrub. The mud comes off onto his fingers. He starts to wipe his dirty fingers on the floor, but opts for his shirt, instead...

As the man continued cleaning his boss's shoes, he realized that he had never been in a position where a woman had such control over him. He was surprised at the amount of pleasure this was giving him. The shoe cleaning was going surprisingly well, he thought, as far as shoe cleaning goes. The man was a sight, though. Mud streaked his crisp white shirt and he had started using his tie as a buffing cloth. He was about halfway done with the right shoe, though, when he made a critical error. He looked up, wanting to sneak another peek up her skirt, but even more, he wanted to see her face, to see the appreciation written there at his doing a good job on her shoes. He smiled. She did not. There was only disappointment written there.

"I told you to look only at my shoes until they were clean, did I not, officeboy?" the remark came like a slap in the face and it startled him. So much so, that a particularly stubborn bit of mud suddenly broke free of her shoe and arced up impossibly high. The man watched in stunned horror as the small brown block landed between the boss's breasts. The woman gingerly picked the offending intruder from between her breasts and flicked it into the man's face.

"Oaf!" she spat. She planted her right foot squarely on the man's chest and pushed, hard. The man fell backward and landed on his bottom. "I also told you not to get any mud on my carpet!"

"I...," he began, but she cut him off.

"Again, the last word out of your mouth at the end of that sentence had better be Ma'am!" she raged. The man remained silent. The woman turned around and bent over the front of her desk to open a drawer. She lifted one leg off the floor to increase her reach. The man had an unobstructed view up her skirt. He saw the lacy tops of her thigh-highs give way to the alabaster white of her thighs. Her inner thighs looked so soft and inviting that his body twitched as he thought to reach out and touch. He thought better of it.

Her inner thighs came together at the black oasis that was the crotch of her panties. They were definitely damp if not outright wet and he could see black pubic hair peeking out from either side of the gusset. His cock throbbed. "You better not be looking up my skirt, officeboy. There's nothing up there for you." She closed the drawer in which she was rooting and turned back around to face the man, still seated on the floor. His head snapped up to her face, then his eyes went to her hands. In her right hand she held a riding crop. His eyes widened.

"What?...Please...I...," the man stammered. With a flick of her right wrist, the crop landed with a loud SMACK on his left leg.

"Please, WHAT?" she demanded. "What did I just tell you?" his brain scrambled, trying to remember. He did.

"Please, ma'am," he said. Another deft flick of her wrist brought the business end of the crop under his chin. She used it to tilt his head back to look up at her.

"That's right, officeboy. Now, stand up." he moved to rise but a backhand swipe of the crop caught him on the other leg, bringing him crashing back to the floor.

"What?!" he yelled. Another swing, another exquisite sting. He realized his error. "What, Ma'am?"

"I gave you a command, officeboy." he was confused. "I said stand up." He moved again to stand and then realized his initial error.

"Yes, Ma'am," he replied, meekly. She nodded, approvingly.

"Take off your clothes, officeboy," she said, as he stood. The man looked confused, opened his mouth but shut it immediately. As his hand came up to loosen his tie, he saw her crop hand twitch. He froze.

"Yes, Ma'am," he said. She crossed her arms under her breasts. The fingers of her left hand tapped impatiently on her right bicep. He removed the tie and let it drop to the floor. He began unbuttoning his shirt from the top, down. Her eyes followed his hands. He pulled the shirttails from his slacks and undid the buttons on the cuffs. He pulled the shirt from his shoulders, baring his chest to the woman. She stared at his upper torso as it stretched from the effort of removing the shirt. He thought he saw her cheeks flush, slightly. The man undid his belt, unfastened the catch on his pants and drew down his zipper. He let his pants fall to the floor. He stood before her in white CK briefs, his dark socks rising above the crumpled pool of his pants. He moved to step out of them but realized he had forgotten his shoes. As he bent over to untie his oxfords, the woman stepped towards him. She walked around behind him and he expected to feel the hot sting of the crop on his bottom.

"Very nice," she said. She reached out with one hand and caressed first one cheek, then the other through the cotton of his underwear. "You should be wearing black," she said and drew her hand back and smacked each cheek, hard. The man fairly groaned, the pleasure of the pain was so great. She smacked him again, harder. "What did you say, officeboy?"

"Thank you, Ma'am" he moaned. She moved back around in front of him as he stepped out of his pants and removed his socks. He let his arms fall to his side, as she crossed her arms again, regarding him.

"Well?" she demanded.

"Ma'am?" the crop shot up.

"ALL OF THEM, OFFICEBOY!"

"Yes, Ma'am," he replied. He slid his fingers beneath the waistband of his underwear and slowly, shyly pushed them down to the floor.

"Yes, definitely black," the woman mused. He stood, his arousal obvious as his penis pointed stiffly, directly at the woman. She put the crop on the desk, reached under her skirt with both hands and removed her panties. She again approached the man, twirling her panties on her finger. The smell of her sex wafted in the air around the man's head, making him high. His cock throbbed. She stopped on his right side and held her panties in front of his face, inches from his nose.

"Do you want to smell my pussy, officeboy?" she asked. His reply caught in his throat. Finally, he managed a weak, "Yes, Ma'am." The woman pushed her panties into his face, roughly. They were warm and very damp. He inhaled deeply, taking in all of her musky scent that his lungs would allow. She removed her panties from his face. Slowly, he opened his eyes, seeing the black material suspended before him. She let them go. Reflexively, he caught them. He looked down to see the tip of his cock sticking out from beneath his hands. She moved towards him, and circled around behind him, Stopping at his side. She whispered in his ear. He felt her breath hot and soft on the side of his head.

"Put them on," she said. He turned his head and looked her in the eye.

"Yes, Ma'am..."

