The Cheer Squad

4th October 2012, 03:46 AM

Author: moondog

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 37

Kelsey - Blonde hair, 5'2", tan, big boobs, 18 years old Jenny - Brown hair, 5'1", skinny, average boobs, 18 years old

Brittney - Platinum blonde hair, tan, huge boobs, 18 years old

Ms. J - Cheer Coach, Light brown hair, huge boobs, 28 years old

Kelsey, Jenny and Britney were all so excited to begin their senior year, and cheer at the first football game of the season. All three of them had always been a little rebellious, but that had never really gotten them in to trouble. Tonight that would change. The three of them convinced Ms J. to buy a bunch of beers for them to split during the afternoon and night before and after the game. Ms. J wanted to be liked by the girls so she decided to do it. She figured she would at least drink with them to make sure they wouldn't get in to too much trouble. Also, she needed to be around the make sure to hide everything in case the Advisor Ms. Kay showed up. She was an older woman, and Ms. J knew she would not approve, and would be very upset.

Ms. J: «Well girls, I hope you enjoy this.. It's going to make for an interesting night», she said laughing. «You girls better not do anything stupid and get me in trouble.»

Kelsey: Oh come on, we're gonna get a little buzz, we can handle ourselves..

Jenny: Yah, we'll be fine Ms. J.. don't worry.

The game wasn't until 7pm, and it was only 4, so the girls had plenty of time before they'd be bothered. All of the girls we're already three beers down, and starting on their fourth. Each one of them was beginning to feel a little buzzed. As Jenny stood up..

Ms. J: Where are you going?

Jenny: I need to pee.

Ms. J: You better not go yet, or else you'll break the seal and you'll be going all night.

Not wanting to seem weak, Jenny came back and sat down.

At about 530pm all the girls were about 5 beers down at this point, and all of them could definitely feel the need to pee. Ms. J spoke up and told them they all needed to start getting dressed into their uniforms for the game. They were all pretty buzzed, so none of them hesitated to start undressing in front of each other. Ms. J was a little shocked when all three girls appeared topless in front of her. The girls noticed this, look at each other and began to chuckle.

Jenny: Britt, do you think Ms. J's boobs are bigger than yours?

Britt: Hmm I'm not sure, they look like they might be..

Ms. J: Hey, how bout you don't talk about me like I'm not standing right here (she laughed)

Kelsey: I bet you Ms J's got big nipples.. haha. I've seen them poking through her shirt a few times at practice.. haha

Ms. J: (blushing a little) Well.. I've got huge boobs, of course my nipples are going to be big to fit them..

Britt: Ms J.. mine are pretty big too, look.. it's no biggie.. haha..

Ms. J was feeling a little flushed due to the girls talking so openly about her boobs, but she was feeling a little buzzed and decided to roll with it. If she hadn't had the 4 beers in her she never would have done what she was about to do.

Ms. J: Well, since you girls seem so curious why don't we compare? I've gotta change anyway..

All the girls giggled in their buzzed state and stood and stared at Ms. J with bated breath while Ms. J pulled her t-shirt off over her head. Now she was just in a sports bra. Her nipples were hard as rocks, and could clearly be seen through her bra. She then pulled the sports bra over her head, and the girls gasped in amazement as her boobs fell firmly in to place on her chest.

Ms. J: So, what do ya think girls?

It was as though Ms. J was seeking validation of her good looks from these beautiful group of young girls. She knew they would be brutally honest, especially being a little buzzed.

Jenny: Damn Ms. J, I'm so jealous. Look at those things.. Full, firm with big puffy nipples. Those are the best boobs I've ever seen!

Ms. J was flattered, and just realized that she was being complimented standing topless in front of three other beautiful 18 year old girls who were also topless wearing nothing but red and white cheerleading skirts. All of the sudden, she realized something.. she needed to piss.. BAD..

She finished getting dressed along with the other girls when she said..

Ms J.: Alright girls, let's all pee before we head out of here..

All of the sudden Ms. Kay walked in and told them they needed to get there early and that they needed to leave right now.

Brittney: Ms. Kay, we all need to use the bathroom real quick before we leave..

Ms. Kay: Sorry girls, we don't have time. You'll all just have to hold it.

All four of them needed to piss like crazy by now, and couldn't believe they had just been told they weren't going to be able to go before they left. Ms. J gritted her teeth and told all the girls that they'd all go as soon as they got to the field. Ms J hadn't needed to piss like this in a long time. Once on the bus, they all sat in the back two rows with Ms. J next to Britney.

Britney: Ms. J, I seriously am about to explode. I have to piss like a freakin racehorse right now!

Ms J: I know Britt, just hold on till we get to the field, then we can all go.. Damn, I haven't had to piss this bad in a long time.

Kelsey looked at Jenny and noticed that she had her legs crossed tight, and hand her hands dug deeper in her lap than normal. Then Jenny noticed that she herself was doing the exact same thing without even noticing. Kelsey kept quiet the whole ride to the field with her bladder almost to the bursting point. Jenny then looked over at the seat Britney and Ms. J were in. She noticed Ms. J's hard nipples poking through her shirt. She then realized that Ms. J wasn't wearing a bra..

Jenny: (Whispering) Ms. J, did you forget your bra?

Ms. J: (Looks down) Damn, I must've left it in the locker room. How noticeable is it?

Britney: Well, you've got giant tits, and big nipples so I'm sure you can figure it out from there.. haha.

Ms. J: You know what? I honestly don't care. All I care about right now is getting to a toilet and taking a piss. Yes, a piss, this is not going to be a pee! Haha.

As the bus arrived at the field the girls all felt they were in the home stretch. It would be just a few minutes before they could let loose all that beer piss that was pent up inside of them just waiting to explode out.

Just as the bus stopped all the girls were squirming with anticipation of being able to piss. As they were standing up Ms. Kay said, «Ms. J, and the senior girls.. I need to have a word with you before you get off the bus.» All of their mouths dropped open. They were so close to being able to finally release all the pent up piss, and now they had to wait again. Ms. J had a sneaking suspicion that Ms. Kay new about what had happened back at the school.

Ms. Kay: Ms. J, I'm disappointed in you.. You let these girls drink illegally on school property. You purchased it for them, and you joined in. How many did each of you drink?

Ms. J.: I'm sorry Ms. Kay, I was just trying to show them a good time at their last football game as seniors. All of us had about 5 beers, give or take 2.. but Ms. Kay, we all really really need to use the restroom..

Ms. Kay: Well Ms. J, I don't think that's going to be happening right away. You got yourselves in to this mess, and now you'll all have to find a way out. Your bathroom privileges have been taken away. And if I catch any of you peeing anywhere on the grounds you'll all be expelled, and Ms J will be fired. I expect to see you all on the field in an hour.

Ms. J: Girls, I'm so sorry, I'll figure something out.. Let's just think of this as a little game to play with Ms. Kay. We'll get away with this as a little revenge.. she said smiling.

Jenny: I don't care what we do as long as I can piss very effing soon!! I am literally about to pop like a water ballon filled with beer piss hahaha..

Britney: I feel like my tits are starting to fill up with piss too, and my eyeballs are floating!

Kelsey: Ok, let's get the hell off this bus, we've got an hour to find some place for all of us to piss, so let's get moving..

All four girls frantically ran off the bus like a stampede. As soon as they saw Ms. Kay with the underclassmen on the field they began to walk as calmly as they could as to not give away their possible location. Britney knew of a small one toilet bathroom behind the concession stand that she suggested so the girls began to run for that. As soon as they ran up, they saw Ms. Kay and were reminded that their bathroom privileges had been revoked. This was going to be harder than they thought..

Kelsey remembered a small gutter than ran out off the side of the stadium hidden behind a small brick wall. She lead to girls to it, and glanced around. It was dead quiet, and she couldn't see anyone in sight. The only problem was, there was only room for two people at a time. Kelsey and Jenny got in position first..

Kelsey: Finally, oh my god, I need to let this piss out soooo bad.. shit shit shit, here comes the waterall.. oooohhhh my gooodddd, this feels so fucking amazing.

Jenny: I get the other spot! Oh fuck, this is gonna feel so fucking good.. oh oh oh, here it comes.. uuunnnggghhh.. Holy hell I had to piss so fucking bad..

Ms. J: Geez girls, language! She laughed.

Britney: Come on girls, hurry up. You've got two people waiting for you! Dear lord I'm about to explode..

Kelsey was bent over at the waist with a powerful, double stream pouring out of her while she was pulling her panties to the side. She had never felt so good taking a piss before, and it wasn't even close to over. Jenny on the other hand had her back against the wall like she was sitting in a chair, with a giant firehose like stream exploding out from under her skirt. She had never pissed such a thick powerful stream before in her life, and she could feel it gaining power with every second.. They all thought they had beaten Ms Kay until

Ms Kay: Ms. J!!! That better not be you guys peeing. If I catch a glimpse of any of you, you all know what's coming.

Her voice was coming from under the bleachers somewhere..

Ms. J: Girls stop peeing, you have to stop, we need to get out of here!!

Kelsey and Jenny both protested, but grudgingly stopped their streams. Ms J had them once again frantically searching for a place for them to piss. Kelsey and Jenny still had a massive amount of piss in them and felt like they hadn't even made a dent.

Britney: Ms J, I have to let some of this out, you need to cover me so I can at least piss a little.

Ms J: Jen, Kels, you girls will have to give me and Britney some cover so we can at least let some of the pressure off. Then we'll all be back to equal and can keep looking together..

Kelsey and Jenny both protested and said they should all just keep looking now, and then they could all piss all out the beer out at once instead of having to stop part way through. Ms J could tell when she looked at Brittney that the girls had a point. But all Ms J could think about was taking a piss. Also, she once again realized she wasn't wearing a bra under her t-shirt, and the outline of her big puffy nipples could be seen through the shirt.

It was still about an hour before the game started so the stadium was still pretty much empty. The girls could hear Ms. Kay out on the field directing the freshman. There was a handful of workers walking around the stadium which prevented them from just squatting and pissing right then and there.

Brittney: Holy hell.. the guys lockerroom, why didn't I think of that before?! Ms. Kay wouldn't have locked it because she knows the team needs to be in there soon.

Ms. J: Is there a bathroom in there?!

Brittney: You got a better plan?

All 4 of the girls walked quickly out of sight towards the back entrance to the locker room, they all came barging in and were surprised to find it completely deserted. They all frantically began looking for some place to piss. Ms J and Brittney were the first ones to find it. There were two urinals in the shower area.. Neither one hesitated..

Ms J: Girls!.. We found something!!

Brittney: Holy fuck, I've never needed to piss so bad in my life.

Simultaneously the girls approached the urinals at break neck speed. Ms J had no hesitation in pulling her shorts and panties to the side and immediately began pounding the urinal with a torrent of piss. Brittney approached half a second after her, dropped her shorts, pulled her panties to the side and turned her back to the urinal and pissed in it like a toilet. She exploded with a thick but laser like stream that foamed up in the water in the urinal.

Ms J: Fuck, I haven't pissed like this since college! UUUUUUOOOOAAAHHHHH, that feels so fucking good.. AHHH

Brittney: OH OH OH OH OH.. oh my fuck, this is amazing.. I thought I was going to piss my pants!

Ms J knew that none of the girls had never taken a piss like the one she was taking now. She was pissing like a racehorse, and showed no signs of slowing down. Brittney huge tits were just about hanging out of her shirt because of the way she was bent over. She was pretty sure that one of her nipples was out of her bra, but she couldn't care less at that point. As Jenny and Kelsey approached, they were amazed at the amount of piss escaping the other two, and wondered if they looked like they were pissing that much.

Jenny: Uhh, Ms J, your whole right boob is out..

Ms J: I don't fucking care, all I wanna do is piss this beer out. Like I said before, I have nice tits.

Kelsey: Fuck yah you do, damn.. (she couldn't believe she just said that out loud)

After about ten seconds of amazing pissing the girls heard the back door open, Ms J and Brittney both were just able to cut off their streams, and they bolted out the door just to their left before they were seen. They both were still on such a high, from being pretty drunk, and still needing to piss so bad. Ms J was running out the door still adjusting her shorts and panties. Kelsey, feeling bold, approached her..

Kelsey: Here Ms J, let me help you with that..

Kelsey reached to Ms J's chest, reached up under her boob, and scooped it back in to place underneath her shirt. Ms J's nipples instantly got rock hard. Both her and Kelsey noticed them poking through her thin shirt. Kelsey had never done anything like this before, but also noticed her nipples were hard as rocks too. Ms J leaned into her ear and said..

Ms J: Check your phone in 3 minutes..

A few minutes later Kelsey reached in her bra and grabbed her phone. She immediately noticed she had a picture message from Ms J. She opened it and looked at the picture.. Ms J had sent her a topless picture of herself. In the picture Kelsey could see all the details of her giant tits. From her big puffy nipples, to the light veins running over her amazingly full breasts.

Ms J: I better get one in return..

Kelsey smiled and winked.

Ms J: Alright, I'm finding us a place to piss. I can't hold this flood back much longer..

Brittney: Damnit, I've never had to piss this fucking bad before. Those beers are just begging to be set free.. It's gonna be a fucking river!

Kelsey: I can't think about anything else but peeing right now.. no wait, pissing! I need to fucking piss like a racehorse.

Jenny: Enough talk, let's find some place so we can all just fucking piss.

Then Ms J had an epiphany. She couldn't believe she hadn't thought of it before.

Ms J: Girls, I got it! Back after I graduated me and my friends would all come to the games and drink in the parking lot beforehand. Well, we needed a place to piss right? Just follow me..

Ms J was leading them about 100 yards away through the parking lot. It was a little dark, and there were some cars beginning to fill up in the parking lot. She was just hoping that no one recognized her, or saw the girls. But at this point she had no choice. This was her last option, not only did she have to piss worse than she'd ever had to in her life, but she knew these three 18 year old girls she was in charge of had to too. Ms J and the girls were in the home stretch, and they could see the small entrance to the concealed alleyway behind the parking lot. Kelsey had her thumbs in the waist band of her shorts, and had pulled them down just slightly so her tan lines could be seen. Brittney and Jenny were slightly lifting their skirts, and their bottom of their ass cheeks could be seen poking out. Ms J knew that she was about to flood this alley with epic proportions, and didn't care if these girls saw it, she just needed to piss.

Then, «Aahhhh, Oh my god» and a ridiculously powerful stream began pelting the ground with amazing force. Britney had decided she couldn't wait any longer and took matters into her own hands. She had her skirt pulled up around her waist, and had her back against the wall like she was sitting in a chair. She pulled her panties down far enough to make room for a thick double stream that began shooting out a foot in front of her flooding the concrete.

Britney: Holy fucking hell!! This is the best piss I've ever had. Fuck this feels soooooo good.

Next to break was Jenny, the smallest of the group. Jenny ended up on the opposite wall bent over at the waist, hands on her knees. She had her skirt pulled up over her put, and had her panties pulled to the side. A stream like a faucet was pouring out of her and was creating a massive puddle on the ground beneath her. Jenny wasn't usually one to make the lewd remarks or comment on stuff, but the way she was feeling, she just couldn't help herself.

Jenny: Now THIS is a fucking piss. I didn't think taking a pee could feel this good.. Kelsey, come on, let it out!!

Kelsey didn't need asking twice. Kelsey and Ms J had drank a beer or two more than the other girls, so they were both in more need. Kelsey just made it into the small alley to get cover. She knew the flood was coming so all she had time to do was pull the crotch of her shorts and panties to the side just as a giant stream exploded out of her. She took two more steps pissing the whole time and leaned back against the wall practically standing. Her piss was like a thick jet stream that came out with so much force it kept its shape all the way to the ground. She released what had to have been the most powerful piss any of them had ever seen.

Kelsey: Oh my fuck, it feels sooo good to get this piss out! Fuck, I had way too many beers, and had to hold it way too long. Oooaaaahhh.. wait, there's no way I'm done already.. Oh wait, oooohhh my gooooooddddd, this feels fucking amazing!!

Ms J was watching in amazement at the amount of piss pouring out of the girls. She couldn't take her eyes off the giant streams, and puddles being created on the concrete below. All this did was make her need to piss that much worse. Once all the girls had finished they emerged from the hidden area Ms J realized that the ground there was just too wet for her to use the same spot. She looked around and spotted something that would have to suffice..

Ms J: I'm sorry girls, I just can't hold it anymore..

Ms J moved about 5 feet to her right in between two parked cars. She stepped in between the cars, bent at the waist, and put her hands on the side of the hood of one of the cars. She reached in between her legs, pulled her shorts and panties to the side and exploded with huge splattering stream that landed right in between her feet.

Ms J: Holy hell this feels sooooo fucking good! Oh my god, I had to piss so damn bad!

Ms J just kept moaning, she hadn't remembered having a piss feel this good in years. She knew the other girls must have felt the same thing. Then after about ten seconds of good hard pissing.. one of the girls spoke..

Kelsey: Ms J, you have to stop, my mom is walking over here!

Her stream faltered a bit, and she said, «Are you kidding me Kels?!» Do you hear this stream, I can't stop.» But unfortunately she knew she had to. She grudgingly cut off her stream and straightened up as best she could. She got about 3 steps from the puddle, and greeted Kelsey's mom.

Ms J: Hi Ms. Thompson, how are you?

Ms Thompson: Just fine sweetheart. What are you guys doing over here? Wait, were you.. umm..

Ms J: I'm so sorry, I stopped in the middle, I can't hold it back anymore, I just have to finish..

And with that, Ms J stepped back the three steps to her original spot but this time with her back against the car and knees bent. She pulled her panties and shorts to the side, and exploded once again with the biggest piss stream any of them had ever seen. All the girls watched in amazement, including Ms Thompson. Ms J let out a groan that sounded like she was having an orgasm, but the girls just figured it was a peegasm.

Ms Thompson: My goodness sweetheart, you really had to go! And you said you had already started? Girls, how long was she peeing before this?

Brittney: Probably about ten seconds or so..

Ms Thompson: Goodness Jacqueline, what brought this on? She chuckled

Ms J: This is six fucking beers worth of piss! Damn this feels so fucking good.. It just won't stop!!

Ms Thompson looked at the other girls, and they knew what she was thinking. They all pointed to the puddles they created about 10 feet away.

Ms Thompson: Holy hell girls, you flooded that place!

They all looked over to see Ms J's stream finally coming to a close. She was spurting out short bursts of piss while sighing with intense relief. She was breathing heavily and she began to get her panties and shorts back in place. The puddle she created was giant. There was foam around the edges of it due to all the beer.

Ms Thompson: After watching that display from your coach here, I'm sorry I missed the show you girls put on, she said giggling.

As they all started walking towards the stadium Ms J felt her phone vibrate in her back pocket. She checked it and noticed she had a new text message. She opened the text message and saw a picture message from Kelsey. She got her wish for a topless picture in return.

