Roommates Part 3: Starla's Story

21st March 2013, 03:45 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

If you haven't been following this series, check them out below:

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

The girls hopped into the car, ignoring their damp clothes. No one seemed to notice as they left the theater. This thrilled Denise, knowing that she could wet herself without anyone really noticing. She said so to Starla, who nodded.

"Oh, I'm no stranger to wetting in public," she says. She then began to tell Denise her story.

Starla had suffered a weak bladder since she could remember, from bedwetting in childhood to embarrassing accidents in school. It became so common that her friends and family stopped commenting every time she had an accident. Her parents even bought her protective sheets for her bed and never once punished her for her accidents.

As she grew up, though, her accidents had started to feel a little... different. Embarrassment was replaced by a sort of... comfort and excitement. She remembered waking up one night with a strong urge to pee. She could have made it to the bathroom, but she remembered her mom's words. "It's okay if you have to pee the bed. Just make sure you put your sheets in the washer in the morning." Without hesitation, Starla let go and soaked her bed completely. The warmth as it pooled at her bottom was so relaxing that she drifted off to sleep, still peeing.

"I'm sorry," Denise said, "I don't mean to interrupt, but I have to pee again. Are we stopping anywhere?"

"Not yet," Starla said. "Just pee here. I don't mind."

Denise parted her legs and without moving her skirt out of the way, sighed and released her bladder. Her pee filled her panties and soaked through her skirt. She could feel it pooling at her bottom as a soft burbling sound could be heard.

Starla laughed. "I told you it doesn't absorb." Denise scooted forward as her pee dripped from between her legs to the floor of the car. She continued to pee this way, spraying the last of her flow onto the floor.

"Oh, that's much better." She sat back, relishing the warmth of her panties and bottom. "Sorry, continue."

A few years later, Starla awoke having to pee. As she sat up in her bed, she heard sounds next door coming from her parents room. Curious and a little concerned, she stepped out of bed and tip-toed down the hall. Her father was asleep on the couch again, a frequent habit of his. When she peeked into her parents room, she saw her mother laying back on the bed, eyes closed, but she wasn't sleeping. Under the sheets, it was obvious that her mother was masturbating, gently. Her mouth was open in ecstasy as she gasped softly. Denise was mesmerized. She wanted to turn away, but something else caught her attention. The sheets between her mother's legs we soaked. As her mother continued to rub herself, she gasped as a hissing sound came from beneath the sheets as they glistened in the low light. Her gasps became pants as she stroked faster. Denise's could hear the splashing of her mother's pee as she rubbed her fingers through it.

Denise finally took her eyes away and as she rushed back down the hall, she could hear her mother cry out as she climaxed.

"Wow," Denise said. "I think I would have thrown up if I caught my mom masturbating."

"Well, it was kind of gross at the time. But... seeing her do that started something. The next night, when I had to pee, I followed my mom's example and tried touching myself when I peed. I was still a virgin, if you can believe it, so all it took was a few seconds of pissing myself and touching myself and I was gone. That night changed my life. Ever since, I've enjoyed every chance I had to wet myself. And every night... I wet the bed and masturbate. Still want to live with me?"

"I just peed in your car. What do you think?"

Starla smiled as she sat up in her seat and sighed. Her warm pee hissed loudly through her black leggings and Denise watched it trickle out and soak the seat. "Ahh, that's nice." After a few seconds, the shiny pool between her legs started to trickle over the seat and to the floor. "Oh, I just love how warm it is when it just sits there. Uhhh, I'm going to have to take care of myself when I get home."

Denise was looking forward to it.

