Will and Carol and Bob and Tracy (b/g watersports)

14th July 2010, 01:08 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Bob Watson and his best friend, Will Rainey, were nearing the completion of their senior project. All they had to do was wrap up the assignment, and it was clear sailing until their high school graduation, less than a week away. Both were anxious to complete their project, which meant the end of homework - at least for high school.

They had chosen to finish it at Will's house. The only thing left to do now was finish a PowerPoint presentation. Bob jumped on Will's computer to retrieve a video clip they had placed there earlier, which was to be embedded in the presentation.

As he looked through the «Videos» folder on the computer, Bob noticed a subfolder named «WS.» Curious, he opened the folder to view its contents.

The first file he came across was named «2_girls_pissing.avi.» Bob couldn't believe his eyes. He scanned the rest of the files in the folder, and noticed that several of them had words like «piss», «pee», and «urine» in the titles. Even those that didn't had some names he recognized, liked «Glimpse» or «Hightide» in the title.

Bob was able to recognize these names because in the last two weeks he had become familiar w/ the websites they came from. It had started when he, Will, and some other classmates had met at Carol Martinez's house for a study session. Carol had asked him to come over a few hours ahead of the rest of the group, and he knew what that must mean - he was going to get lucky. The beautiful Hispanic girl, along with her equally beautiful blonde friend, Tracy Smith, had a reputation as the class sluts. Arriving early had meant that he would be able to fuck the beautiful hostess before the rest of the group arrived.

Bob had received more than he had bargained for, however. Carol had insisted that Bob piss his pants before she would give him a blow job. He complied, and had cum in her mouth after the best blow job he had ever received in his young life. She then had insisted that he give her a golden shower, drinking his piss and having it soak her tits. Finally she had pissed on his cock to get him hard again, and pissed some more while he was fucking her.

Before his experience with Carol the thought of watersports had disgusted him. Afterward he went home and started looking for watersports websites. Two of the ones he had found, Glimpse and Hightide, were represented in some of the video file names he was now looking at.

Bob moved the mouse and double clicked on a file entitled «guy_pees_on_girl.wmv.» The file opened immediately and started playing. As Will heard the start of the clip he recognized it immediately, and went white as a sheet. He couldn't believe that he had been so careless as to let his best friend find his collection of pissing movies. He was worried that Bob would think of him as sick, and he knew that he was going to hear about it. He hoped his friend would just rib him about the movies, but was afraid he was in for a verbal assault.

«Oh fuck!» Will exclaimed. «Hey, look, Bob, I can explain. See »

Bob started laughing. «Chill out, man,» he said. «I'm not going to bust your balls. Shit, I just recently started to look at this stuff too.»

«Seriously?» Will replied. «You're not going to give me shit about this?»

«Naw, man!» said Bob. «I started to look at it after I had a golden shower!»

Will's jaw dropped. «No shit! A real life golden shower! You mean from a chick? No fucking way!»

«Way, dude,» responded Bob. «I pissed on her tits and in her mouth, she pissed on my cock. She also pissed while I was fucking her. It was awesome. Since then I've been looking for pissing porn. Not near as long as you have, though, by the looks of things.»

«You lucky fucking bastard!» exclaimed Will. «I would love to have a golden shower from a girl. All I've ever done is piss on myself »

«Whoa, too much information dude »

«And I sometimes drink my own piss »

«TOO MUCH FUCKING INFORMATION!» Bob screamed. «I don't want to hear about you pissing yourself, and I especially don't want to hear about you drinking your own fucking piss! Shit, you're a dude. I don't want to hear about it!»

«Fine, fine, whatever» replied Will. «I won't mention it again. Hey, who was it, the one you pissed on, anyway?»

Bob knew that he couldn't answer that question. After he and Carol had finished fucking, cleaning up, showering, and doing laundry, she had given specific instructions for him not to tell anybody. «I don't mind you telling everyone that you fucked me,» she had said. «It's not like I don't already have that type of reputation anyway. But the last thing I need is for you to tell anybody that I wanted you to piss on me, or that I had pissed on you while fucking.»

«Sure, whatever» he had replied. «But why? You've never seem to care about your reputation before. Why start now?»

«I don't mind having a reputation as a slut. Seriously, it doesn't bother me. But the last thing I need is a reputation as some kind of piss queen. See that decorative vase over there? It hides a nanny cam, one I have connected to a DVR. If you so much as leak a word about the golden shower stuff, I will edit the video to show you pissing your pants, and nothing else. I will email it to everybody, telling them that it was you who wanted play piss games, and that I kicked you out. With the evidence on their computers, everyone will believe me.»

«OK, shit, fine!» Bob had responded. «You didn't have to do that. I won't tell anyone. I swear.»

Now Bob had his best friend asking about who it was. There was no way he was going to tell. «Look, dude, I made a promise that I wouldn't tell anyone, not even my friends. Trust me, I'd like to, but I can't.» Noticing a look from his friend he added «But hey, it really did happen. I swear, man, it really did happen.»

«OK, then, let me guess. You and Carol hooked up recently. It could be her. But if it was her, she's so out there w/ her sexuality, we would have probably heard about it by now. Hmm, you'll pretty much fuck anyone, was it Sally Timmons again? She's ugly, skanky, and desperate, I could see it being her. No? How about Emily Dominguez?»

«Look, dude, sorry, but I can't tell you. Seriously, I can't. It would be disastrous. You have to trust me.»

«Damn it dude, please!» Will pleaded. «You have no idea how long I've fantasized about this stuff. I would love to experience it for real. If this chick knew I was into piss, maybe she'd let me hook up with her too. C'mon, dude, bros before hos.»

«Hey look, I'll tell you what. I'll call her tonight, tell her about you, and see what she says, OK?»

«Thanks, bro, you're the best.»

###

It was Saturday, two days later, when Bob picked up Will at his house. Will practically flew out of the door when he heard his friend pull up.

«So seriously, this is really going to happen, dude? That chick, she's really willing to piss on me, and wants me to piss on her?» desperately asked Will.

«Yes, dude, it's really going to happen. Not only are you going to hook up with the chick that introduced me to watersports, I'm going to hook up with her friend, who's also into pissing. We're both getting lucky tonight!»

###

Tracy Smith heard the doorbell ring, and opened the door to answer it. «Hey babe,» she said to her best friend, Carol Martinez, and gave the sexy Hispanic a kiss.

«Hey girl,» Carol replied. «Are you ready for tonight?»

«Yeah, I figured we'll do everything by the pool. It's secluded from the neighbor's view, so no one will see us, and we don't have to clean up before my folks return tomorrow.»

«Perfect!» Carol knew Tracy's house would work much better than her own. «I just got a call from Bob, he was almost at Will's house. They'll be here shortly.»

Carol had initially been pissed when Bob had called her and told her that his buddy from the wrestling team, Will, was very interested in golden showers. He had to calm her down, letting her know that he hadn't told Will her name, and that he would tell his friend no dice if Carol didn't want to do it. After quickly thinking about it, the idea started to intrigue Carol. She had never fucked Will, the muscular, blonde wrestler before, but her friend, Tracy had, and had said that he was very good in the sack. She was really attracted to Will, and knowing that he desperately wanted to be peed on was a plus. She was just beginning to explore her new found fetish, and the more partners, the better. Besides, she and Tracy had already planned to get together and enjoy peeing on each other for the first time this weekend. Why not invite Will along as well. Hell, she knew Tracy wanted her shot at Bob after Carol had told her friend about their adventure together, why not invite both of them?

The idea, of course, had really appealed to Bob as well. The dark haired wrestler was just as attracted to Tracy as he was Carol, and was very interested in hooking up with the sexy blonde. Remembering how turned on he was when Carol had pissed on him, the fact that she had said Tracy was into watersports as well was a huge bonus. They would be graduating soon, but he was really looking much more forward to tonight.

###

As they pulled onto the street, Will finally realized their destination. «Hey, that's Tracy Smith's house! It was Tracy you hooked up with? You never told me you fucked Tracy! Damn, if I had known she was into pissing when I hooked up with her »

«It wasn't Tracy I fucked, it was Carol,» Bob replied. «You'll be hooking up with Carol tonight. I'll be hooking up with Tracy. And according to Carol, they both just recently got into pissing. Now take a deep breath, calm down, and let's go ring the doorbell.»

###

Tracy answered the door as soon as she heard it ring. She smiled at the two wrestlers standing before her, and then broke out in a wide grin as she took a closer look at Will. «Damn, Will, you really are looking forward to this, aren't you!» she laughed, as she noticed the tent in his pants.

Bob and the red-faced Will entered the house. Carol came up and gave Bob a hug, then did the same thing to Will, stroking his dick through his pants as she did so. «It looks like your already ready for me,» she smiled. «Let's not waste any time then. Come out back to the pool.»

As the foursome reached the pool, the two couples started to hug and kiss each other. Carol and Tracy each reached down and undid the buttons to their partner's pants, and then pulled them down. Carol then knelt down in front of Will, pulling his underwear down, releasing the cock that had been straining against his pants for some time. Tracy remained standing, reaching into Bob's underwear and stroking his cock while continuing to kiss him.

Carol began to suck on Will's dick. It was obvious that he was already worked up. She figured the best thing to do was to have him cum immediately in order to relax him. Then they could get on with what they both really wanted, which was to play pissing games with each other. It didn't take long for Carol's expert tongue to work its magic, as within a minute or two she felt his hot cum on the back of her throat.

«Oh fuck, I'm sorry!» said an embarrassed Will. «I didn't mean to do that so quickly. I »

«Oh shut up, will ya!» teased Carol. «You were so worked up I did that on purpose. Now we can really get down to business!»

Will allowed himself to relax and looked down at the beautiful Carol and her wondrous tits, which were straining against a tight white tank top. With his hard-on gone, he now considered his aching bladder, which was quite full due to all of the liquids he had consumed today in anticipation of this moment. He looked into Carol's eyes, which seemed to be telling him to go ahead and release. He then closed his eyes and tried to relax.

Carol, her hand still holding his dick, prepared to the moment. It took Will a little bit, but finally he started to pee. Carol opened her mouth and pointed his dick at it, tasting the salty stream as it hit her tongue. Piss was pouring down her throat and out of her mouth. She could feel the hot piss as it started to soak her shirt. She then aimed his dick at her tits, soaking them and making her shirt transparent. She rubbed her tits through her soaking shirt, enjoying the feeling as his hot piss drenched her.

Will could not believe his eyes. The sight of Carol anxiously drinking his piss, and of his piss soaking her shirt and revealing her tits, was the hottest thing he had ever seen in his life. He couldn't believe that he was finally experiencing watersports with another person, and to be doing it with someone as hot as Carol was a dream come true. As soon as he finished pissing he carefully observed Carol's hair, face, and shirt, wet w/ his piss, and decided it was the most beautiful thing he had seen. He lifted her back up to her feet and started to passionately kiss her. He had tasted his own piss before, but it never tasted as good as it did on Carol's lips and tongue. When they broke of the kiss, he pulled off Carol's top, and started kissing and licking her tits, and sucking her nipples. He was already hard again, as he had never been so excited in his life.

Bob and Tracy, now completely naked, were having a great time of their own. They had started out kissing, with Tracy rubbing Bob's cock, and Bob fingering Tracy's pussy. Tracy was amazed at how good Bob was at fingering pussy; most teenage boys were rather poor at it. She wondered if his oral skills were on par.

She leaned back on a patio recliner and opened her legs. As Bob got closer she grabbed his head and led it to her pussy. Bob responded by kissing it softly a couple of times, then started to work his way around her lips. He then found her clit and started to lick, slowly at first, but quickly increasing his pace. Soon his tongue was furiously attacking her pussy.

Tracy couldn't believe how great this felt - from a high school boy! In minutes she could feel an orgasm coming on. She decided that with the release of her orgasm she might as well release the pressure on her very full bladder as well.

Bob could feel her body shake as she started to cum. He was prepared for this. What he wasn't prepared for was the hard spray of piss that hit him in the face a second later. For a split second he didn't know what to do. He hadn't tasted piss yet, and wasn't sure he wanted to. He quickly decided that the moment was too hot, and he wasn't going to ruin it. He opened his mouth and let the piss flow in; at the same time, he started massaging Tracy's clit w/ his thumb.

Bob was surprised. He didn't hate the slightly salty liquid that was filling his mouth. In fact, he kind of liked it. Combine that with the fact that it was coming from the very beautiful pussy of a very hot girl, and he loved it. He gulped down as much as he could, with the rest spilling out of his mouth, over his chin, and onto the rest of his body. It all felt amazing.

At the same time, Will was lying on his back on the cool deck, with Carol laying on top of him. Their hands were all over each other, their mouths engaged in another passionate kiss. Carol broke off the kiss, got on her knees, and knelt over his dick. Will knew what was coming; in a few seconds a strong stream of piss exploded from her pussy, soaking Will's dick and balls. Will couldn't believe how great that felt, and didn't know how anything could feel better - that is, until Carol started rubbing his dick while she was pissing on it.

Soon Will realized that Carol's stream was started to lose some strength. «Hurry, please, let me have a drink,» he asked her. She quickly got to her feet and stood over his mouth, emptying the remaining contents of her bladder.

Will eagerly drank the piss falling into his mouth. There had already been at least three moments tonight that he had considered the most erotic experience of his life. Now this was the fourth. He loved how great this angel's piss tasted as it fell into his mouth. He again could not believe that this wasn't another wet - make that very wet - dream.

Tracy, meanwhile, had decided that she wanted to taste Bob's piss. She asked him to stand beside the recliner. She then sat up right in front of him. «My turn, Bob. I want your piss. Shower me!»

It took Bob a second to relax, but he obliged. He started by pointing his stream at her tits. She loved the feeling of his piss on her naked flesh, and reveled in rubbing it all over her tits. But what she really wanted was a taste. She grabbed his dick from him and aimed it at her mouth. She drank what she could, savoring the salty drink, and let the rest fall and soak her tits even more. Quickly, however, she gave his dick a squeeze. «Stop!» she said. «I want you to save some.»

Bob was able to concentrate enough to stop his stream. Tracy stuck his dick in her mouth and started sucking. Bob couldn't decide who gave a better blow job, Carol or Tracy, just that these friends had given him the two best he ever had. He was rock hard in no time, and had no desire for her to stop.

«Not yet, Bob,» Tracy said, as she removed his dick from his mouth. «You're going to fuck me first.»

She stood up, leaned over, and rested her hands on a patio table. Bob came in behind her, and slipped his dick into her wet pussy. He grabbed her waist and pulled it toward him as he thrust forward, sliding in as deep as he could. The two found a rhythm that worked for both of them, each caught up in the ecstasy of what they were doing. Tracy came first, followed quickly by Bob. As he was about to pull out she told him not to. «Piss in me. I want to feel you hot piss in me.»

As soon as his dick allowed him to, Bob obliged. He felt his piss leave the tip of his penis, flow down the shaft, and soak his balls. Tracy felt the hot piss fill her up, and reached down to rub her clit. In seconds she had another orgasm.

The pair looked back at their friends. Will was still lying on the cool deck, this time with Carol mounted on top of him, her back arched as they fucked. It didn't take Carol long to cum. As soon as the hot Latina came off of her orgasm, she knew that Will couldn't be far behind. She dismounted him, quickly removed his condom (she never fucked a guy without one), and took him in her mouth. Seconds later he exploded in her mouth, and she swallowed his cum for the second time that night. Bob and Tracy gave their friends an ovation.

«Holy shit, that was amazing!» exclaimed Will.

«Eh, it was all right,» teased Carol, giving him a wink to let him know she was joking.

«It was fun,» said Tracy, stepping up and giving Carol a passionate kiss. «Can we keep them?»

«I guess,» joked Carol, «even if they aren't potty trained!»

«Hey guys,» Tracy said, «I'm going to go in the house and get some drinks. Feel free to jump in the pool. Maybe later we can play musical partners and do this again.»

None of them was going to argue with her.

The End.

