My Morning til lunch pee - Fictional Male Desperation and wetting

8th February 2013, 11:01 PM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

I had always flirted with the idea of going about my daily life normally having not peed in the morning after getting out of bed. I had often woke up desperate before work and had to wriggle my leg a bit when pulling on my trousers and clothes before making a break for the bathroom. I had occasionally stayed in bed on the weekends without peeing for a few hours and watched TV or read a book to pass the time, but always ended up hungry or thirsty so having to leave my room into the real world where people might suss I needed to pee and was holding myself, which lets face it most people would think was mental. For that reason the only time I had held my morning pee in had been in the privacy of my own room in the pretence that I was still sleeping. That had led to some nice wanks but I really wanted to take it a step further.

The last week I had had an amazingly big libido. I was horny all the time and then one morning I woke up with a mildly desperate urge to pee. The sort I would manage with in public. The sort a normal person would manage with in public. I decided that not only would I get dressed before using the bathroom like usual but maybe I'd wait til I'd brushed my teeth and had breakfast too. I'd showered last night so I could miss the shower this morning. It would have tempted fate.

After I'd eaten I did feel a slightly larger urge than before, but more than anything I was horny. I had an erection just from knowing that I hadn't had my morning pee yet and had been up half an hour. I looked at the clock. It was 7.57. If I was going to catch the 8.05 bus to work I'd have to run to the toilet fast. Then I realised maybe I should look for my gloves since it was cold out. Gloves or pee? A sensible me would have chose the toilet, but today I convinced myself that gloves were vital and that I would just have to wait because I simply didn't have time to pee.

As I opened the door into the cold, the cold winter breeze made a shiver run down my spine and across my penis, giving me the second hardon of the day, and I'd only been awake an hour. I smiled a wicked smile. This was so naughty. What was I doing? If only they knew I hadn't peed this morning. I walked calmly to the bus stop feeling very confident. It was still a manageable urge. I definitely had to pee, but that was to be expected since I hadn't peed since... I wondered when... since about 10.45ish I think. Yeah, I'd had an early night. Wow that's like 9 and a bit hours. I looked at my watch as I got on the bus at 8.10am.

Nearly 9 and a half hours! That's pretty impressive. I looked down as my wicked smile spread across my face again. Thinking about the hours seemed to have built the urge slightly and for the first time since getting out of bed I wondered if this really was such a good idea. What if I didn't make it to work or something. I'd be late going home to get changed and how would I explain that. I scissored my legs inwards and pushed my thighs together as I imagined my humiliation. A shiver went down my spine and ended at my cock. Get down! The voice in my head shouted as I felt my cock rising for the third time in the last hour. Thank god I had my bag on my lap. The bus was really crowded.

I don't think I was really actually desperate at all on the bus but I started to worry nethertheless. I was so paranoid that someone would find out what I was doing. After a while, when we were nearly in town though my tact had changed. I'd got used to holding it in public and actually was rather proud of myself for finally freeing myself of the boundaries of my room. Hell I'd thought about it enough. I'd even wanked over it and had dreams about holding for 24 hours and the like. It was about time I let me be me.

By the time I got off in town I was feeling quietly confident in my ability to hold. Then I thought I had an epithany: The only reason people are desperate in the morning is because they think they aught to be because it's been a whole night since peeing.

I walked calmly to the shop to pick up lunch before heading into the store to start work. Sometimes if I was feeling like a treat I'd get a caramel late. I suddenly had a cheeky thought. What if I tried to drink a large late before starting work. The bus had arrived early so I had about 15 minutes to spare and the coffee shop was right by the store. Yes, I thought, this is way too easy. The store doesn't even open to the public for another two hours anyway. Maybe I could hold a little longer than just getting too work. This was too easy and I convinced myself that a coffee was essential and that there was probably already someone in the coffee shop toilet since it was only a small place with one unisex toilet and it was busy this morning so I'd probably be late if I queued.

After the coffee I started to get the desired tingling sensation that said I should probably give up soon since I was in public. I stood in the staff room staring at the clock and contemplating the safe option. But I kept putting it off because I was enjoying the sensations of the start of desperation and they seemed so much more tingley than usual. It was as if someone was slowly rubbing my penis. My penis started to harden again. Get to work I thought, take your mind off it.

I stood up and realised for the first time since I'd got up that my bladder had become heavy. Standing up deepened the sensation of need some more and made my bladder feel warm and whole. I loved feeling like that. So much so that I ignored the warning that I really shouldn't be this desperate at work as I was getting into unknown territory.

Soon enough I was too absorbed in my work to notice the growing heaviness in my bladder. It had kind of become the norm. Something dull and weighty in the background stealing a little more of my physical energy from the subconscious and occasionally conscious clenching I was doing with my muscles. I no longer had a hard on and hadn't since the start of work.

Then a lass I fancied came over and started stocking shelves with me. We got into a really deep conversation and then we both went to pick up the same soap packet and her hand touched mine accidentally. In that half second I'm sure our eyes met and because I was now unbeknown to me pretty desperate to pee the second of her cool smooth little hands touching mine sent an immense tingling sensation all the way down my penis, making me struggle not to gasp. In that moment our eyes locked on each other and my bladder started to become almost unbareable. It was so full. Her touch had drawn my attention back to it as being turned on always has done for me for some reason. I stood up and grabbed the last few bars of soap out of the trolly and walked away with the empty one

«I'll get the next load of stock for us.» I offered, walking meant I didn't have to noticeably squirm, which right now I wanted to do fairly badly. The coffee seemed to be filling me up fast, but for some reason it didn't occur to me to go and use the toilet. I think maybe it was because I was too focussed on Angelic. She was so pretty and almost never spent any time with me. I had to stay with her.

To my amazement and my bladder's dismay, Angelic stayed with me stocking the shelves right up until opening. At this point it was getting a lot harder to keep still and I occasionally caught myself shifting my weight when standing and bouncing my leg underneath me, when kneeling. But every time I became conscious of this I made every effort to concentrate on looking relaxed. Just before we went to our tills Angelic looked at me with an odd expression on her face and asked

«Jonathon?»

«Yeah?»

«Do you need to pee?» I giggled uncomfortably. What if she could tell I was a weirdo.

«Noooooo.» I said. «It's just a bit chilly in here this morning and I had too much coffee which always makes me hyper and fidgety because I get too much energy.» She stared at me for a moment, he eyes searching mine for something. Then she smiled a satisfied smile and quickly said «Ok.» Giving me an absolutely beautiful, innocent yet seductive smile which almost caused me to double over because the way she looked there mixed with my building stupidly desperate urge to pee made my whole body shiver with pleasure. From this overstimulation I felt like I was going to lift up off the floor magically with desire, cum in my pants or piss myself uncontrollably, or maybe all at once with excitement. Shame being this aroused wasn't hardening my cock now, I could have done with the extra barrier. Why the hell did I tell her I didn't need to pee?! Stupid shy fool! I thought to myself.

I walked towards my till. She's never next to me anyway. I almost always had a till to myself, people were only ever next to me if we were busy or something and I'm sure today wasn't going to be. It was a Tuesday at the time of January when everyone was skint.

Maybe once she was settled at her till and we'd been working a little while I could slope off to stack shelves and sneak to the toilet on the way. Yeah I'd be fine, I kept reassuring myself.

The flow of customers was steady though standing at my till was starting to tire me out. I wasn't exactly wriggling a massive amount but it's amazing how much clenching all your muscles whilst standing scanning a gazillion cheap items can tire you out. I was close to collapsing and my bladder was starting to steal more and more of my attention. I glanced around the shop hopefully. It would quieten down soon. It usually did around 1pm. People would have finished their lunch breaks then and start going back to work.

There were a quiet five minutes which consisted of me shifting my weight uncomfortably from foot to foot without distractions from my bladder. I had also started leaning on my till with one arm. My bladder had become so heavy now and had started to get noticeably painful. I had stood there without anything to do for a while pleading with my boss telepathically to come and ask me to stack shelves. Just as I left my till to find him to tell him what I planned to do about six people in business suits arrived at my till.

I groaned under my breath as my bladder cried silently in agony. I couldn't stand up straight now and was slowly rocking my weight in a comforting motion from leg to leg and forward and backward as I tentatively served each customer in turn. Then as the queues grew and grew, the deputy manager came towards our tills. I didn't notice who he went to but then a few seconds later he came to me with Angelic. Oh god. I thought, please not now. He set her on the till directly beside me and went over to her till.

«My till's broken» She smiled at me. «We're gonna be together til it's fixed or gets quiet now. Lucky you.» She looked at me carefully, scanning me from top to bottom as I stood rigid and self conscious. She had a thoughtful and possibly sympathetic look in her eyes, then her face spun round quickly as she shouted for the next person to come to her till. Luckily our queue hadn't seemed to notice my till coming empty as the customer who had used it last had hovered nearby to put away her money.

I think that by now it must have been clear in some way that I was in pain. I had to keep wiping sweat from my brow and on a couple of occasions had been unable to stop myself moaning out loud in agony. My legs had started to tremble occasionally and a couple of times I'd had to almost double over and had disguised it as the drawer on the till being jammed. It was beginning to get unbareable. Even when I had held it for fun at home I had found this stage hard to control. Usually I'd have given up from pain or laziness by now and either ran to the toilet, wet myself or made myself cum, but I couldn't now. I was at work.

I started to feel dizzy and knew it wouldn't be long before I met my impending doom. What the hell was I going to do? I hadn't peed for over fifteen hours. Fuck it, I thought to myself. As soon as it gets quiet I'm going to pee. I don't care if she knows. It'll be a lot less embarrassing admitting needing to pee than pissing myself uncontrollably with long held undiluted extremely smelly pee.

«Ah.» I gasped out loud jerking forward.

«Are you ok?» The old lady I was serving asked, looking concerned.

«Y Yeah, sorry, just accidentally kicked my knee into the till.» I smiled embarrassed as my legs trembled beneath me. I was actually kind of on the brink of tears. This was the most impossible situation and for the first time in my life my bladder was deciding it was peeing no matter what I wanted it to do. I had never felt this out of control in my life.

Angelic looked down at my shaking tense legs. I shamelessly had one crossed over the other now and am surprised I didn't fall. I was bending at the knees and straightening and bending as the shivering got worse and soon my whole body felt light and shivery as if I was going to cum except much more intense and also painful as the water in my bladder smashed against it's walls contracting more and more often. I quickly grabbed my tingling oversensitive penis with the hand furthest from Angelic, hoping to god she didn't know what was about to happen.

I took in a deep breath and then started breathing like I was giving birth or something. Then it happened. A squirt of pee dribbled out. I couldn't hold it back. It hurt so badly cutting off the flow, but I had no choice. I was crouching right over the till, my head close to it, my knees bent and my bum sticking up in the air. I took the cash off the customer I was serving who luckily was in a world of his own and then decided to cut my losses and escape. I didn't care if I got told off by my boss. Maybe I could tell Angelic first so she could tell him where I'd ran off to.

Surely he'd be more understanding if I'd let her know and then I could come back and carry on after. I looked at her and she looked at me all concerned and questioning, like she wanted to know something. I couldn't tell her. I just couldn't. I gathered myself together as best I could and made a move out from my till squeezing behind her to escape the customers. She looked at me confused and then I froze. My legs shook violently it seemed. My penis throbbed as I doubled over, closing my eyes to shield me as I held onto it for dear life. Tears welled in my eyes as I realised there was piss pouring down my legs and into my trainers. It was too late.

I opened my eyes to a long line full or staring people. Most disgusted, some amused, and very few sympathetic. A lot of people moved away from the line as I walked quickly away towards the back of the shop. All the eyes in the shop followed me.

I put my long coat on and snuck out of the emergency exit. So what, I'd be fired anyway. I thought.

When I got home my thoughts raced through the embarrassment and Angelic. But the pee had smelt gloriously strong and had felt so so so warm and for the first time in my life I had lost control properly. I had no way possible of holding it back. I lay down on the bathroom floor with my wet pants half down and rubbed them into my crotch. Thinking of Angelic and my full bladder when she'd touched me. Her searching accusing, yet sensitive eyes. How she'd asked if I'd needed to pee. I wanked myself silly and then almost immediately after I came I ripped off my pissy clothes disgusted with myself.

