February Reality Pee Party

21st February 2012, 01:07 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Sports Party on Saturday the 18th, the invitation read. And we were ready!

Preparations began almost immediately. I dug our "party bag" out of the closet in the basement and brought it up. Its an old canvas bag Josh had in college, one he used while on the swim team. Its ugly, rather dirty on the outside, and the zipper dosen't work. During the week I gathered our gear, Two pairs of sweats each, two pairs of socks each, our old running shoes. Six well worn beach towels, shampoo, soap, toothbrushes and toothpaste, and my old hairdrier. Rounding out the list was a hairbrush and a pack of breathmints. While at the store I picked up 12 large bottles of orange Gatoraid.

Last Thursday while at work I stopped by the water cooler every chance I got. As soon as I got home I got into the gatoraid. During dinner Thursday night Josh and I managed to drink three glasses of iced tea. Before bed we downed a full bottle of gatoraid each. Josh got up to pee four times throughout the night, I managed three times. Friday at work I was miserable - I had to pee about every 90 minutes. When we got home Friday evening we continued forcing fluids. We continued drinking liquids right up to the time to 6:00 PM when we left for the party.

We arrived about 7PM, both of us were bursting to pee and headed right for the bathroom. Our hosts Bill and Mary (made up names) laughed as they greeted us as it seems most other guests also arrived with full bladders also. Chelsea and Aaron were already there as well as Marilyn and Frank. Marylin was dressed to the hilt as usual, a floor length black skirt and her trademark silk blouse, She also wore heels and a beautiful medalion on a gold chain. Josh and I looked like bums all decked out in our grubby sweats. Chelsea and Aaron wore jeans and long sleeve sweat shirts.

Elaine and Micha arrived last, he was dressed in jeans and a sports shirt, she had jeans and a sweatshirt on. The guys gathered in the family room areguing about what to watch on the TV, us girls went to the kitchen to get things ready so we could eat. The Pizzas arrived about 7:20. We shared TV type trays and ate in front of the big screen TV. Bill put in a DVD of a pee movie. We ate, talked and glanced at the TV once in a while. I have no idea of the story line in the movie, but I gathered it was a story about some people at a party where the guys peed off the porch. Soon everyone was peeing 'over the railing' onthe porch. Nobody paid attention to the TV, we were all to busy talking and catching up. We were about to delve into the next Pizza when Chelsea mentioned she had to pee. The conversation stopped as we ahd not discussed plans for the evening at all.

Here we were at a pee party with four other couples - and we had plans for the evening. "Somebody decide quick" Chelsea yelled. Micha offered his now empty glass to Chelsea who lowered her jeans as Micha positioned the glass. Bill muted the TV relling everyone to be quiet so we all could "hear the hiss". Chelsea filled the glass in less that 40 seconds. We passed it around and all took a drink. before it got to Josh and me it was empty. "No problem" Mary said, grabbing her glass. She placed it up to her faucet and let go. The glass filled in about 20 seconds, then overflowed another 10 seconds. Everyone laughed as she struggles out of her jeans. She tossed them and her panties out in the garage and ran upstairs to grab a pair of sweats. The guys eyes were rivited to her ass as she sprinted up the steps. When she returned the glass was empty.

We devowered another pizza before heading to the basement which had been prepared for the evening. Bill had placed several large sheets of visqueen plastic on the floor. In the middle of the room was my favorite - the plastic wading pool - which was about 6 feet in diameter. Bill had turned the furnace way up - to about 80 degrees so the basement was quite comfortable. Josh and I removed our sweats and shoes, leaving us 100% completely naked - our favorite outfits.

"Who's ready?" I asked. Marylin got in the pool and sat down. Her favorite thing is to get drenched in others pee whild fully dressed, then remain dressed all evening. She wears the pee soaked clothing home, no matter how warm or cold it is outside. Everyone knew what she wanted and everyone gathered around the pool. It wasn't long before she was drenched from her hair to her knees. I myself prefer to be naked when peed on. Actually I HAVE to be naked both for peeing and receiving but thats another story. Marylin likes what she likes and we give her what she enjoys.

We continued to consume liquids, watch the 'bigger' big screen in the basement. By now it was playing a compilation movie - no story just constant peeing, girls, guys and whatever. Soon Chelsea asker her husband if he was ready. She got in the small pool and squated while he unloaded his bladder into her mouth. She swallowed but most ran out. They switched places and he tried his best to keep up with her discharge. Some ran out.

Various combinations came next, mostly boy girl or girl boy. Chelses and I did a girl girl session. I tried to get Josh to take it from one of the other guys but he has issues with this. He ahs no problem being peed on by other guys as long as he;s receiving from a couple. He dosent let any from a guy in his mouth (thats another story also).

The evening continued, eating, durinking loads of liquids and taking our turns, giving or receiving. By now the bottom of the pool was completely covered in what appeared to be a half inch of urine. Just before the party broke up, I ventured into the now cold pee and laid down (my knees were over the end of the pool, my feet outside completely). I got one last shower from everyone! I was completely soaked, especially my hair.

We dried off best as possible, donned a clean dry pair of sweats and headed home. We stopped for coffee at a McDonalds. We went in, I like the looks I get, wet hair, no makeup etc. We got our coffee and headed back to the truck for our ride home. When home we stripped off and headed straight to the shower where we took turns soaping each other. Oh yeah, we also peed lots too. We had to get up as soon as our "session in bed" was finished so we could pee again. I'm not sure about Josh But I got up four times to pee during the night.

I can't wait for out next party toward the end of March.

More next time,

Emily

PS - all names have been changed - as usual in my reports. Everything else happened just as reported.

