Naughty, naughty me...

28th May 2008, 02:35 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

I was sitting on the lawn in the large park Djurgеrden in Stockholm. My back leaned against a big, old oak tree. My mind was filled with naughty thoughts and I was dressed to fulfill them! It was a warm, nice day in the end of May. I was wearing a white, very thin blouse, no bra, you could see my nipples clearly... Under my plaited dark blue skirt I wore a light red garter belt holding up tan colored nylon stockings and also light red silk panties with cute laces. On my feet I had low heeled black shoes. In my little red rucksack on the grass beside me I had spare panties and two big bottles of mineral water... (guess for what purpose!). When I started to consume the first bottle I was already pretty much in need to pee!

About ten metres down a slope was a park bench and on that bench sat a pretty woman, about 27 - 28 years old, nicely dressed in a red skirt and a black blouse. I was sitting with my knees pulled up and I could see that she was looking at me. I thought that I should try to incite her, why I parted my legs a bit allowing her to have a view in between my thighs... And guess what happened! I couldn't believe it! From her bag she took a small cam recorder, aimed it to me and obviously started to film me! I immediately became very aroused! I parted my legs even more to be sure that she would have a good view all the way to my panties!

I grabbed my bottle and gulped a large quantity of water... By now I was more or less desperate to pee but I wanted to be even more prepared! I started to show signs of my desperation, parting and pressing my thighs against each other by turns and even rubbing them against each other... And then I pulled up my skirt and pressed a hand against my crotch. As aroused as I was I couldn't resist to rub my hand upon my panties between my thighs... Gosh, they were already pretty sticky!!

By now I felt I couldn't hold back anymore... I felt my hand suddenly getting wet when I began peeing my panties! I removed my hand so that the woman's camera wouldn't miss me peeing my panties! With an effort I stopped peeing for a while and began rubbing my now oh so wet panties upon my pussy! But I couldn't hold my pee for long and now it came through my panties in strong torrents... I gave up and let it flow! The pee hit my clit and I wasn't far from orgasming when I eventually stopped peeing!

The pretty woman rose from the bench and with a thrill I realized that she was heading towards me! In front of me she stopped and said frankly:

- I'm horny! Can't we two go and find a more secluded place somewhere in the park?

- We most certainly can, I answered her. On one condition!

- And that would be?

- That you will pee your panties for me right here!

- OK! I will! She answered and still standing in front of me, she slowly pulled up her skirt till I first saw her bare thighs above her nylon stockings, then her garters running up her thighs and so her white, almost totally transparent panties through which I saw her shaved pussy! And... my God! A runnel of pee made its way through her panties

! And the runnel turned into a forceful gush hitting the grass between her feet! The arousing sight made me start rubbing my pussy and it was only my strong character that prevented me from coming just on the spot!! But I wanted to spare me until we've found that secluded spot!! Instead I let out some more pee in my panties

, which made her to gasp!

We found our secluded spot but what happened there is not to be told in this story! I'll leave that to your own imagination... Lol!

A couple of days later I was invited to watch a certain film!

Your naughty, naughty Yvette.

