Danielle's Visit

3rd February 2008, 08:11 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Kiki was not surprised that Danielle accepted her invitation. She did not mention her recent experiences with her mother, however. She wasn't even sure yet if she wanted to tell Danielle at all, in spite of their own wetting adventure.

Danielle arrived about thirty minutes after their phone conversation. Kiki was amazed to see that she seemed to have lost weight, about fifteen pounds. She was wearing a tight pair of jeans that hugged her long legs nicely and a slim t-shirt. Kiki had also put on a pair of tight jeans without underwear and a white spaghetti strap shirt.

«It's good to see you,» Kiki said. «You look great.»

«You, too.» The two hugged tightly to make up for lost time. «How has your summer been? What have you been up to?» Kiki felt a knot form in her stomach and she bit her lip to keep it all from spilling out.

«Um, not much, really. Just spending time with my mom. Come and sit. Let's catch up on old times.» Kiki led Danielle to the couch and right away felt her heart skip. What if it was still wet from last night? To her relief, Danielle sat on the opposite end and crossed her legs. Kiki made herself comfortable on her lounge chair, smiling as her bottom began to feel slightly damp from the cushion.

«So,» Danielle began, «when you called, you kind of sounded like you wanted to talk about something.» Had she? Kiki felt she had no choice now.

«Well,» she mumbled, «do you remember that wetting contest we had last year at Tara's?»

«Oh, speaking of that, I've got to pee real quick. Do you mind?» Danielle started to rise from her seat, but Kiki held out a hand to stop her.

«That's what I wanted to tell you. My mom and I have been wetting ourselves.» She paused and waited for Danielle to laugh, freak out, or run out the door. Instead, she stared at Kiki as her lips formed a shocked smile.

«No fucking way. Are you serious?» Kiki nodded and Danielle did laugh, but it seemed surprised and somewhat grateful. «Holy shit, girl, that night you came up with the holding contest idea, I knew you were a little bit freaky, but… So… how do you do it?»

Kiki smiled proudly. «Any way we want. Mom said I could go any time when I'm at home, as long as I clean my mess. And if I'm with her I can go in public. I pee in my bed, on the kitchen floor. Last night I peed right here in this chair while watching a movie, and mom peed on that couch.» Kiki pointed to the cushion at the end. Danielle was grinning wildly and Kiki finally realized it was a look of relief.

«That night,» Danielle said, «I had never done anything like that before. I just had to go so bad and I knew I couldn't make it to the tub. But oh my God it felt so good. I've been pissing myself when I can ever since. I don't get much chance, though, you know how my mom is.» She stood up again and clutched between her legs. «Do you think…I could go right now?»

Kiki smiled widened. Her dream had come true. Sharing wetting with her mother was one thing, but this was one of her close friends, someone she would be able to talk boys with and have sleepovers. «As long as you don't mind if I join you.»

«But, what am I going to do about my clothes?» Danielle asked. «I can't exactly go home with wet jeans and underwear.» Kiki thought and an answer came to her quick.

«Well, if you're going to be here for a while, we could do some laundry.» Both girls smiled and Danielle sat back down on the couch.

«So do I just… go here?» Kiki nodded. She sat back in her seat and watched closely as Danielle nestled her bottom comfortably into the couch. Almost in unison, the girls spread their legs. Kiki held her pee in for a second and watched as Danielle closed her eyes and sighed. With a loud hiss, a shiny wet spot formed right away between Danielle's legs. «Oh, God,» she moaned. «Oh, I'm peeing myself. It's so warm. Mmm.» The pee saturated the front of her jeans and spread rapidly, sending a dark trail down her thighs and pooling a little on the couch between her legs. «Oh, I had to pee so bad. Ahh.»

Kiki couldn't hold out any longer. She had never peed in her jeans before and was both anxious for the new feeling and suffering from the pressure in her bladder. Amidst Danielle's moans of pleasure, Kiki closed her eyes and let go. Her pee sprayed out and she gasped as the warmth spread across her vagina within seconds. She let loose all of her pee and cried out as it filled the front of her pants and soaked quickly to her bottom, adding to the dampness of the cushion. «Oh my God. Oh… huhh…mmm.» The vibration of her pee as it sprayed against the fabric of her jeans was unlike anything Kiki had ever felt. She pressed harder and felt her orgasm approaching as she began to rock back and forth on the chair again, feeling the coarse material of her pants rub against her clitoris.

When her flow stopped, Kiki finally opened her eyes and saw that Danielle had unbuttoned her own jeans. Her left hand was thrust inside and she was rubbing herself furiously as she watched Kiki. The trails of pee continued to travel down her legs, little drips falling from the cuffs to the floor. This excited Kiki even more and she also watched her friend while continuing to straddle the chair cushion. Both girls' gasps rose to screams, echoing down the hallway, as they climaxed together, panting and grunting breathlessly, and collapsed with exhaustion.

Kiki tugged off her wet jeans and delighted in Danielle's expression when she revealed that she was not wearing panties. She felt a little bit of pee creeping back, so she scooted to the edge of the seat and peed noisily onto the floor.

«Oh my God,» Danielle whispered, still panting. «That was amazing. That was the best orgasm I've ever had.» Kiki grinned. She was proud that she had led Danielle to experience her first wetting orgasm, just like her mother had led her to hers. Danielle followed Kiki's example and peeled her saturated jeans and panties down her legs. Danielle had been on the swim team with Kiki, so they had seen each other's naked body before. «I've still got to go a little bit,» Danielle said. She started to scoot to the edge of the couch and Kiki stopped her.

«Just sit there and do it,» Kiki said. «Trust me. It'll be one of the most wonderful things you've ever felt.» Danielle sat back in the couch and smiled. «Keep your legs together and just go.»

«Okay.» With a sigh, Danielle peed softly and silently into the couch cushion. «Oh, wow. God, it's so warm. Mmm.» Danielle seemed to be enjoying herself so much that Kiki wondered if she would have another orgasm. After only a few seconds, however, the flow stopped and Danielle stood up. She turned to admire her handiwork, a large wet spot that just barely showed on the dark cushions. «So your mom won't be upset about this?» she asked. Kiki shook her head and Danielle's grin widened.

«I'm spending the night,» she said.

