On The Back Roads (fiction)

21st March 2010, 01:34 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

Elizabeth and Tommy had been dating for several months before they decided on a road trip as their first vacation together. They both liked the idea of just wending their way across country and figured it would be a good way to see how well they did with only each other as company for an extended period.

They'd already been on the road for several days and were pleased to discover that they traveled well together. They'd gotten off the the bigger highways on their first day and had no plans to get back on until they needed to turn for home. The freedom of just meandering where they wanted and stopping when they wanted for however long they wanted was intoxicating.

The only thing that disturbed Elizabeth was how shy Tom seemed to be in some of his personal habits. She hadn't really noticed in everyday life but, out on the road together she was noticing it more and more. She could easily understand not wanting to use a disgustingly maintained public rest room but, she failed to understand what anyone, especially a man, wouldn't take advantage of all the free "outdoor plumbing" available on America's more scenic by-ways.

About five days into their adventure, they'd stopped at a greasy spoon in the small hours of the morning to fuel up on caffeine and pie. Elizabeth noticed that Tommy seemed to be having a hard time getting comfortable.

"Tommy, are you okay?" she asked.

"Yeah. I just have to, you know."

"I thought you just went to pee?"

Elizabeth wasn't nearly as shy about that sort of thing as Tommy was and her speaking of it freely in the diner made him blush. He leaned over the table and told her,

"I was going to but it looks like the restrooms haven't been cleaned in about a week. I'll just wait until the next rest stop".

"You're sure? Why not just step 'round back before we leave? We're in the middle of nowhere. Who's to see?"

Tommy blushed again. He knew it was silly to be so shy around Elizabeth. Especially considering all the other things they did with each other but, he'd been this way as long as he could remember. He just needed a door between himself and the outside world, to pee.

"I'll be fine," he insisted. "Really."

They finished up and paid at the counter.

"You're sure you don't want to go before we leave?"

"Positive," responded Tommy, tossing her the keys. "Your turn to drive."

Elizabeth snatched the keys out of the air and slid into the driver's seat. Casting a sidelong glance at her companion, she started the car and turned out onto the black top. They really were in the middle of nowhere. No tail lights ahead and no head lights behind.

"Oh look," Elizabeth pointed to a sign, "there's a rest stop a little ways ahead."

"That's good," said Tommy. I could really use the break".

He was sitting next to her with his legs squeezed tightly together. He was trying hard to pretend that nothing out of the ordinary was going on. She felt bad that he was so uncomfortable and worse that she was secretly enjoying it. At that very moment, she found him amazingly hot.

"Oh no!" Tommy groaned and swore under his breath.

"What?" Elizabeth was so caught u in her own thoughts she had completely missed the sign.

"There's a notice that the rest stop is closed for renovations and the next stop isn't for another 75 miles."

The speed limit on this stretch of road was only 55. Even if she topped that by 10 miles an hour, they weren't going to make the next get off for over an hour. She was pretty sure Tommy wasn't going to make it that long.

"Baby, there isn't anyone around for miles. Why don't you just let me pull off the next time there's some cover and you can just go?"

"No. That's okay. I'll be fine."

It was obvious to Elizabeth that he was not going to be fine. At least not for any length of time. His palms were flat against his thighs and his long fingers were flexing, digging into the long, lean muscles. The muscle in his jaw ticked as he clenched and unclenched his teeth.

"Tommy, this is silly. If I pull off now, you can pee and be back in the car in two minutes. Why try to wait it out?"

"Betts, I know you think I'm nuts but, I really need a bathroom. I can't just, you know, go any old where".

As he spoke, his right hand crept between his legs. It was obvious that he was holding on for dear life, squeezing and rubbing. Again, Elizabeth was torn between her sympathy for his desperation and the heat it was causing in her. Unable to help herself, she reached between his legs and slipped her hand under his.

"Let me help you," she offered softly.

Tommy moaned as she began to stroke him. He thought he needed to piss too badly to be aroused but, he was obviously mistaken. Her hand squeezing him and stroking him made him harden almost immediately.

"Better?", she asked.

"Some," he muttered, "But I still really need to...you know".

"Can't you just say it? That you need to pee? I mean, you think it, don't you?"

"I guess. It's just..."

Tommy was at a loss. How could he explain what was a lifelong inhibition. Logically, he knew that everyone peed but, his upbringing had been repressive about those sort of things. To this day, he didn't think he'd ever heard his mom mention a bodily function and around her, his dad was just as reticent. The few accidents he'd had as a boy had been treated as terribly shameful. The warm glow they'd given him was overshadowed by his mother's silent but heavy disappointment. The relief of taking a simple piss had somehow gotten tangled up with that. Then, when he'd discovered the sexual pleasure that sometimes came with being brim full and, even occasionally wetting himself, it was even more confused.

The only locking door in the whole house had been the one on the bathroom. So, by the time his habits had been formed, that door was an integral part of of what he considered his biggest secret.

Elizabeth watched the thoughts chase themselves across his face and wondered if there was any way, at all, to make this easier for him. He was rocking now, his hand clamped over hers. They both knew he wasn't going to make the next rest stop.

"Just say it Tommy. It's okay. It's nothing bad. It's just pee. Everybody has to pee. You, me everybody. Say it however you want to, However you need to but, for heaven's sake, just say it!"

"I have to go, Betts," he spoke so softly she barely heard.

"I can't hear you Tommy," she pressed and pulled his hand away from his crotch.

"I need to wee wee! Oh god, I'm going to wet my pants!!"

He was distraught and exhilarated at the same time. He was moments away from flooding his tight jeans and he'd just said so to his girlfriend. For a moment, it made him rock hard but, the need to pee overrode the sexual excitement almost immediately.

Elizabeth pulled off the road, screeching to a halt in a spray of gravel and dirt.

"Just another minute, baby. I promise," she soothed.

"Please!!! I've got to go wee wee soooo bad."

It was like a damn had broken and the words poured out. All the childhood expressions he'd never been allowed by his mother. He had to pee pee. He had to tinkle. He was going to wee on himself.

He was holding himself with both hands, rocking and bouncing, trying his best to hold on just a little longer. Elizabeth rushed to the passenger side of the car and flung open the door.

"It's okay, Tommy. We can go right here. Give me your hand."

She pried one hand away from his aching cock and nearly dragged him from the car. He was already leaking, uncontrollably but, she didn't care.

"Aww, Betts", hung his head, awaiting the ridicule she would surely unleash on him. "I waited too long. I've wet myself."

Elizabeth stood in front of him. The wet patch was spreading slowly around his hand. Even now, he was still trying to win what was obviously a loosing battle. She wanted him to understand, completely, that she was not disappointed in him. Not about this, or anything else.

In a moment of either brilliant inspiration or suicidal stupidity, she leaned back against the car and drew him to her, forcing her legs between his, prying his hand away from his wet crotch and pressing her hips to his.

Without his hand to stem the flow, he began to pee harder. As she felt his warm pee seeping into the front of her jeans, she drew his head down for a long, slow, deep kiss. One hand behind his head and he other pressed firmly to his ass, she held him as close as she could.

"It's okay, baby", she whispered against his mouth. "Just let go."

As if his bladder heard her, he felt the last of his resistance give way as a hard gush of pee escaped him, releasing the pent up torrent, behind.

Elizabeth continued kissing him for all she was worth while his warm wetness bathed the front of her. She felt incredibly sexy, with his uncontrolled piss bathing her stomach and legs.

Tommy tried to pull away from her as the all consuming need abated and his head cleared. He was embarrassed. Not only had he pissed himself, and her but, now he was getting hard.

"Where do you think you're going mister," Elizabeth whispered against his mouth. "I'm not done with you."

It took Tommy a minute to catch up but, he was not a stupid man. His Betts seemed perfectly okay with what had just happened. Better than okay, really. Turned on by it.

"No?" He leaned back so he could look down into her passion filled face.

"No."

"I'm kinda confused, right now, Betts." His voice was unsure but, he allowed her to keep him close.

"Well, let me see if I can clear things up for you. Right now, I am so hot for you I cannot even begin to tell you!" Her hand crept between them, rubbing his thickening cock through the warm, wet denim.

"But, I just wet my pants like a baby."

"No, you just wet your pants, and mine, like a grown, incredibly sexy man. And I liked it. I REALLY liked it. I liked it so much, I wish you could do it again right this second."

Tommy felt his cock stir against her as something tight in his chest relaxed.

"You thought that was hot?"

"Tommy, that was SO hot! Next time, I want us to be naked so I can see everything. Right now, though, I want you to peel out of those jeans, peel me out of mine, and make love to me right here and right now."

About 50 feet away was a patch of scrub that would shield them from the road. They stopped long enough to grab a blanket and a duffel from the back seat before heading towards the bushes.

Elizabeth pulled Tommy to a stop just short of their goal. Standing on her toes she whispered in his ear,

"Have I mentioned that I need to pee".

