Afternoon with Lisa Part 1

16th November 2006, 04:56 AM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Lisa and I were getting ready for an afternoon and evening out. She looked great as usual; dressed in a short flowery skirt and pink blouse. Like always she had on white cotton panties. Honey, do you think we could play some tonight? She asks. What do you think? I answered as I rubbed her butt through the panties. Dress for me she said. I get excited knowing she will not be the only one wet tonight. I know what she means when she says, «Dress for me». She loves men in white cotton briefs. Not a problem since that is all I wear anyway. I know she loves to see them wet but probably not as much as I love wetting them. Over them I wore the usual, blue jeans and a western shirt. I pulled on my boots and we were off.

We decided we would go through a drive through and have a picnic at the park to start the evening. On our way we stopped at the convenience store to pick up some gas. While I was pumping Lisa went in to flirt some with Mark, the clerk. «Got to keep them on the hook», she says. When she got a chance she gave him a quick flash of her panties and laughing squirted a few drops of pee in them. She told me after we were back in the car on the way. «What did Mark do?» I ask. « He got so hard he had trouble waiting on the next customer that walked in» she laughed. «Let me see» I said. She razed her skirt and I could just see where the crotch was wet. I felt of her panties and got a pretty good hard-on myself.

We got to the drive through and placed our order. « How about a little game of flash « I ask. Lisa grinned and arranged her skirt just high enough for the guy at the pick-up window to get a good look at her panties. He didn't notice when I handed him the money but I thought he was going to drop our food when he reached it out to us. I didn't blame him. Lisa had turned toward him in the seat spreading her legs as she did so. The guy got a great crotch shot of Lisa's wet panties. Lisa laughed as we drove off telling me how hot it made her to show off like that.

We got to the park and found a picnic table. As we spread out our food Lisa looked at me with that sexy smile of hers. «Your turn» she said. «What you got in mind?» I ask. «I just want to see them a little wet for now.» She said. «It makes me so hot knowing you are wearing wet briefs under those jeans.» I unzipped and arranged myself inside my underwear so she could see when I started peeing. (You guys that are into this know what I'm talking about.) I watched her eyes as I let go in my briefs; just enough to out line my cock as it spread through the cotton. «That's enough for now». She said. «Zip up and let me go see who I can find to play with.»

The park is just a short distance away form the college and there are usually some hot young students around. Today was no exception. We had spotted a couple of guys and a girl was on the swings and as I watched from a distance Lisa made her way over and struck up a conversation. It didn't take long for her to make friends and soon she was laughing and swinging with them. I watched the boys closely as Lisa's skirt blew in the wind while she was swinging. They were trying hard not to let her see as they looked at her panties. All of a sudden Lisa squealed and jumped off the swing. She grabbed her crotch as she landed and announced loudly « I've got to pee». She took a step or too, stopped and spread her legs.

«Want to watch?» she asks with a wicked smile on her face. The boys and the girl all encouraged her telling her they dared her and bet she wouldn't. Lisa calmly razed her skirt and let go. They looked on in amazement as Lisa's panties grew wetter and wetter. She squeezed her legs together squeezing the excess out of her panties as she finished up. She kissed one of the boys lightly on the cheek, patted the girl on the ass and ran back to me giggling as they just stood there in shock. We ran hand in hand back to our car and got in. «That was awesome,» I said as I cranked the car. «Where to next?» I ask. «Remember the girl at the laundry?» she asks. I grinned knowing it was my turn for some fun.

