The Holiday Chapter 4

15th February 2012, 06:06 AM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England not far from Lyme Regis. Does anybody else enjoy recreational pee near here?. (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

Chapter 04 - Visiting Friends Fi and Alex get to know one another much better.

Back at the bedroom, she grabbed a couple of empty juice bottles and asked me to hold them close to her pee-hole whilst she pissed her nectar into one and then another. A few drops did wet my hands but I licked them clean. Then she passed me one of the bottles. We dressed and went out to her car. It was a nearly new and huge Mitsubishi L200 with a double cab and covered back.

Putting the bottles in the cab we went back into the house and into the kitchen where I realised my appetite was very stimulated. Cereals, coffee and croissants made for a very pleasant meal, and then she grabbed her camera and I mine and we set off for Ockleton. It was one of those glorious days in on the threshold of summer when just being alive felt very good.

Being with someone as adventurous and different as Fi, made it seem incredible. Ten minutes after we left I needed to pee though - I'd forgotten the cups of coffee I'd had. Squirming a bit I said, «I need to pee». Smiling, she looked across at me and said, «I was hoping you would. Hold on a few minutes - there's a place up ahead we can stop. I use it myself sometimes.» Good as her word, we rounded a corner, and slid into a small clearing with brush and trees all around. Getting out with me she said, «I'm going to film you again for my collection.»

We went into the trees and I unzipped and pulled out my cock. She stood in front of me, and I said «You'll get wet if you stand there!» Ignoring my comment she knelt down and pointed her camera at me. «Piss!» She commanded. And I did, trying hard not to wet her but I saw her yellow skirt darken once or twice in spite of my trying to avoid her, and one spurt glinted as it caught her hair. It was one of the best streams of golden pee I'd ever done and when she showed me the film later I wanted to share it with her all over again. Then she lifted up her skirt and showed her legs and almost all her triangle, and I filmed the stream of gold splash on the ground. I put my hand into her wet crotch and enjoyed the sensation of dampness it gave me - and it still tasted of coffee too!

Then we got back in her truck and drove on to Ockleton Forge. Fi spoke up, «We're going to see Comora and Esperanza, who Tom and I met whilst on holiday in Madeira about seven years back, but who have actually lived here in Shropshire for a long time. «Unusual names», I replied, «I take it they're not English.» «No,» Fi answered, «they are from Northern Spain, but they started a riding school in Ockleton, which was very successful, but now they have passed it on to their children and now live a bit like me, on a private income. I think they'll take to you, and you to them, if I'm not mistaken.»

Back in the car, I relaxed and enjoyed her driving and thought about the holiday I had intended to take, compared with the one I was having. I said, «I'm thirsty, where are those bottles?» Indicating a small fridge in the back, I took out the two bottles of her liquid gold. «Sip it gently,» she said, «or you'll feel sick whilst we travel.» I took a gentle drink of her, and it was ice-cold and coffee and apple flavoured. I couldn't recall a better cocktail in my life!

Suddenly she clapped her hand to her forehead and said, «Alex - you were on your way to Wales! And I'm driving you all over England instead of letting you get on. Do you want me to turn back and let you get back to your plans?» The very thought of it hit me like an unwelcome wave on the beach. For 24 hours I had had the most exciting and stimulating time of my life and I didn't ever want it to end. I said to her, «Do you want me to go? If you do I will, but being with you is like opening the door to a new world. Honestly, I don't want to leave you.»

As she spoke, we entered the village of Ockleton Forge, and turned off onto a tarmacked driveway. Passing alongside several fields with horses grazing in them, we came to a sprawling bungalow, with, I noticed, a sort of lookout turret to the rear. Standing by the front door, were a couple in their mid-sixties, I guess. Fi pulled to a halt beside them and jumped out to hug them. Then she introduced me. In response to an enquiry from me, Esperanza said proudly, «We are Basques, from the borders of France and Spain.

Leading us both into a huge reception area, we then went into a large, airy lounge, with a massive French window which opened out onto a large garden with a paddock behind. Esperanza had cocktails on the table. What they were I didn't know, but there was coconut and apple and rum and a crisp hint of something I couldn't quite identify. But it was a superb drink and I relaxed in one of their huge armchairs, with Fi in another alongside.

I realised I needed another pee. I asked where a toilet was and they gave me directions. Wandering down a passage I must have pushed the wrong door, for inside was another 'playground bathroom' very much like Fi's. Startled, I backed out and tried the next door, which was a normal toilet - or so I thought. I took a long hard piss and thought about the past two days. They were the best yet, I felt.

Returning to the lounge again, my hosts smiled at me and Fi snuggled up against me, whilst we sampled an excellent white Spanish wine. We talked of many things, before Esperanza said, «Let's eat»! Getting up and walking out onto the patio, we followed her. There a magnificent spread of food was laid out. «Get stuck in», Comora instructed. Needing no second bidding I did so, and not only did it look good, by golly it tasted good too! The coffee afterwards was dark and bitter and complemented the meal exquisitely.

I felt sleepy after lunch and I dozed off in the sun, waking maybe an hour later, feeling both embarrassed and desperately needing another pee. I woke to see Fi looking at me, and Comora and Esperanza nowhere to be seen. I started to get up to go to the toilet again when Fi grabbed my arm. «Wait! She commanded.

Hearing a sound behind me I glanced back, to see both host and hostess approaching, dressed now in light flowing robes like bedroom gowns. With the sun behind them I could see her crotch and through the thin material a dark bush of hair and his cock and balls in silhouette. Esperanza enquired of me, «Fi tells me you enjoy a good pee!» I was stunned that she should come right out with it, though perhaps the bathroom should have warned me. «Don't be surprised», she continued, «Comora and I have enjoyed one another's bladder juice for many a long year, and we really like it when we find others who are like-minded.»

«How on earth did you discover that?», I heard the journalist in me start to ask. Comora took up the tale, «When we were both at University, the Campus was Bilbao, but the institution was the Universidad de Deusto. Someone introduced me to a peeing contest, where we had to see how far we could make our piss reach, or how much we could piss out in one session. Who ever won got a prize, the losers cleared up.» Esperanza interrupted here. «One day he said to me, 'Have you ever seen a peeing contest?' I didn't know why he plucked up the courage but I reckon he thought I had a nice bum and probably a good bladder (I certainly enjoyed my beer).

«He picked me up the next afternoon and we walked out around the back of the Uni to where there was some scrub land. In a clearing there were maybe twenty-five men and girls, and some were naked and others just in their pants or bras and knickers. As we arrived a bell was rung, and perhaps nine or ten of the girls stepped up onto a low platform, pulled back their clothes and began to pee. It was tremendous! I saw jets of gold and silver arcing through the air, and splashing down near to a graduated marker. The girl who won was given a great bottle of fermented apple juice with which to top up her tank. The others took mops and cleaned the floor, which dried rapidly in the sunshine.»

Comora took up the story then, «I said to Esperanza, 'I'm on next, please watch carefully!'. And, bless her, she did, measuring up with her eyes the size of my penis and what she planned to do with it later. There were just six me including me in the next round, and I'm delighted to admit, I won! I took my bottle of drink back to our seats, and Esperanza slid her hand through my shorts to feel my big cock. We drank together for about half an hour whilst we watched capacity pissing, and some personal games on stage. The she said to me, 'let's go over to those woods, I want you to show me what else it will do!'» «And I'm delighted to say she appreciated what she found out!»

Esperanza then said, "The next week I went back with Comora, with my bladder filled to overflowing, to take part in the quantity contest. I peed out over a litre - and came next to last! The winner contributed almost three litres of the yellow stuff. Turned out she hadn't had a piss for over twelve hours and had drunk at every opportunity before the event. I couldn't believe my eyes!"

Comora spoke up, «I believe you found our bathroom, which Tom and Fi put in for us about three years back after we saw theirs accidentally. Actually we deliberately told you the wrong door, so you would see it. Then you had a great piss in the real toilet. We watched you - you have a fine load of tackle there!» «What do you mean, you watched me?» I asked. Esperanza replied, «We have a CCTV linked to a small camera in the toilet bowl. When you started to pee a sensor picked up the movement and illuminated it. The picture came through on the TV in the lounge.

«We have told Fi she's very fortunate to have found you.» I replied, «Well now I need to piss again, what would you suggest now?» «Easy», Comora answered, «you can pee on the patio, where we can watch, and enjoy one another - or you can use a bathroom! It's entirely your choice. I know it'll feel odd in front of other people, but you're amongst friends here. Put your inhibitions aside, what you need to do we all do - it's a very natural thing to do. Just accept that it can be enjoyable as a social act as well as in a closed room" So saying, he allowed his robe to part, and taking his cock in his hand, he spurted a jet of pale gold against the low wall in front of us. And then a more powerful arching stream flowed out and over the flowers and towards his wife who looked on with great admiration and contentment in her face.

Glancing at Esperanza I saw that her robe was slightly parted and that her mound was pulsating. As I watched a single long golden stream came from her centre, and then broke into two or three, some of which hit the floor, and some ran down her legs. She may have been in her mid-sixties, but she was magnificent.

In my reverie of admiration, I found Fi slipping in between me and her, and with a languorous charm she undid her waistband and allowed her jeans to fall to the ground, but now I discovered, somewhere she had put on light grey panties which were supported by her spread legs just below her crotch just so she could wet them in front of us. Standing in front of all of us she peed a gentle rain onto them, so that the stream caught and darkened the cloth and went all over the place. There was something so wildly erotic in that wetting scene that my cock hardened as she watered.

Shuffling across to me (her jeans were still around her ankles) she took my hand and pulled me to my feet, then unzipped my fly and extracted my, by now, large cock. "Piss for us all, please!", she demanded. And so I did, with difficulty at first, and then with longer spurts until I realised I was wetting her legs. Comora and Esperanza looked on with undisguised delight. "Bravo!" they cried together. "Now you have started, went on Comora, "drink lots and pee lots and make life even more enjoyable for Fi.

Chapter 06 - Visiting Part 2

Comora asked casually, «Did you ever hear of a company called 'Wunsch Video'?» I answered negatively, but asked, «Who are they? What do they do?» To which he replied, «They're a Czech company who specialise in outlandish videos of girls pissing. In the context of enjoying your body or that of your friends, it is a natural sequence to the eating and drinking. In fact it can be very erotic and arousing. May I show you one of their videos?»

«What does Fi think?», I asked, a bit taken aback. She replied, «I love to watch others in action.» «OK» I said, «then let's have a look. Has Fi seen it?» Comora answered «No. This will be a new one to her.»

The scene opened with two girls sitting outdoors at a table, and there was obviously a man off-shot talking with them, in, I think, German. It was summer and they had nothing but short skirts on. They were eating chicken and pasta, and drinking lots of bottled water and were taking their time over the meal. Their breasts were nice and perky and sometimes one of the girls would wipe her oily hands over them. This was so unexpected, I began to fidget, but Comora said, «Patience - things start very soon.» I watched some more, and the shot angle panned down to under the table where I saw they had both their crotches were wide open.

Suddenly the girl on the left started to piss, and soon both were peeing powerful curves which we could hear splashing onto the concrete. They carried on for quite a time, and I felt Fi, squeeze my arm with relish at the sight. When the pissing had concluded, the film went on a while and we saw them lying back in the same chairs, eating some ice-cream-type dessert.

The off-screen man appeared to remind them they were there for both pissing and more, which seemed to be amusing to them. Taking their time, they chatted and grinned, and again the shot panned down to beneath the table. I waited with bated breath. Would they pee again? This part might have been shot much later than the other one and the camera-angle was from below the table top, from where their opened legs could be clearly filmed.

Then the girl on the left slid forward on her chair and we heard the sound of gas escaping. The other girl laughed uncontrollably and the camera panned to her and then back to her companion. Later, they took paper hankies from a box on the table and wiped themselves, before walking off. I never found out who cleared up the puddle.

We stayed with Comora and Esperanza all afternoon, eating and drinking, peeing just where we were and sharing until the shadows were lengthening, and then Fi spoke up and announced, "We had better be on our way, if we are going off on holiday tomorrow." In the excitement of the day I had forgotten completely about the possibilities of the next few days. Comora and Esperanza enthusiastically hugged me and said how much they'd like to share my company again. And I thanked them for their welcome and their education of a novice like me!

Getting back into Fi's car, I sighed with contentment and amazement. She glanced at me, then leaded over and kissed me very passionately. "You'll be tired this evening", she observed, "but not too exhausted for a little loving, I hope?"

"No", I answered, "sex is very relaxing, and sex with you is super stimulating. I'm looking forward to getting to know your likes and dislikes even more."

The drive back through the hills as the sun went down was beautiful, and I had the chance to reflect on a very amazing couple of days. Fi interrupted my thoughts with «Well, Mr Morton, what do you think? I have had more special time with you in those same 48 hours or so, than since my husband died. When does your holiday end? When must you be back to work?»

«You know» Fi went on, «there's nothing stopping you staying with me for a long period, providing we don't get on one another's nerves. And, honestly, when my husband died, he left me a very wealthy woman. If you don't want to work - and I'll understand if you do - then you don't have to. Why not live off a wealthy widow's income for a bit?»

«Well», I replied, «that's a very attractive proposition but hardly fair to you.» «Yes, but from what I've seen of you over a couple of days, I'll like you very much, and you are game to try anything», she countered. I replied, «I guess a photographer always has to deal with what comes his way, from the mundane, to the downright dangerous, to the outr, or what to some people may be unacceptable. So in that sense I've always had to be open to new ideas.»

She smiled and suggested, "Then let's go to your place. I'll have a look and see if I approve, or if there's a worrying indication we might not get on after all. If there is, then we'll go very gently. If not, then let's enjoy one another's company for as long as we like doing so." So saying, we turned into her drive, through the gates which opened for us as if by magic, and parked outside the front of what I now realised was a magnificent property. Late 18th Century to late 19th by the look of it. But with very 21st Century insides as well.

We went inside and I said, "Fi, I need a pee - do you have an ordinary lavatory somewhere in this wonderful house?" She giggled again, "Of course, some of my friends have no inkling of my interests. If you go down the passage on the right, the third door on the right is what you need. But I'll show you - then I can approve of your cock and pee story!"

Taster time ...

At a large double-door, Fi stopped and unlocked it. We swung them open to reveal a Dream Seeker fifth wheel camper. But instead of the usual white, this was painted in dull greys and browns.

