Peeing while camping, a true story, Part 1

4th April 2007, 03:59 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

At 20 years old I had never considered peeing to be a fetish untill I took a class at college titled 'Sexaulity in America'. It was October, in my third year of college, I was majoring in nursing and my new boyfriend Josh and I had decided to go camping with two other nudist couples at a cabin owned by an uncle of Carol, one of the other girls. Carol, my almost lifelong best nudist friend who I was practically raised with and her BF Mike, along with a couple from her college George and Jeanette all decided to meet early one Friday afternoon, all of us having cut afternoon classes in order to get a jump on the weekend.

We met as planned, parked two cars and piled all our stuff into the back of Carols moms van for the treck to the cabin. It was about 18 miles from, a small town in Ohio. After some difficulty we found it, unlocked the gate and started up the drive to the cabin. Much to our surprise the road to the cabin was over a mile long. We bounced along in the van and finally cought site of 'the cabin' which didnt look at all like a cabin. For some reason Carol's uncle called it a cabin when in reality it was an old travel trailer which had seen better days.

It was about 2:30 when we got there, the sun was out and it was almost 85 degrees, warm for an early October day in Ohio. On the way up the bumpy road to the cabin I had been removing clothing so as the van door was opened I stepped out wearing only my Rebocks and a smile. Carol followed suit getting naked as soon as she stepped out of the van too. Jeanette, who was not raised a nudist was more hesitentant and decided to remain dressed, at least untill she was more comfortable around everyone.

Josh and Mike stripped down to shorts. Josh had been exposed to the nudist lifestyle the previous summer whenever he visited me at my home. Since I had been raised a nudist and since my family lived nude 99% of the time getting naked right away was for me quite normal. Carol's family was also nudist and our two families were always together almost every weekend for the past 10 years or so. Her BF Mike had been exposed to the lifestyle over the past two summers. He wasnt shy but in the company of "strangers" felt he was sure to get hard and he didnt want to offend Jeanette who had never been exposed to the lifestyle as she had just began dating

George, a nudist for almost 10 years. I'm not sure how Carol met George, or how shey found out each other were nudists, I suspect it was through a college skinnydipping party. Their lack of tanlines obviously were a clue to one another.

For the next two hours we cleaned out the camper and more or less set up camp. The camper had room to sleep 8 people with no pricacy whatsoever as the interior walls ahd been removed long ago, obviously to make the place seem much bigger and offer more space for weekend fishing trips and other gettogethers. There was one restroom which we found did not work despite our best efforts to get the pump to pump water. We decided this would not be a problem since we planned on running into twon daily for food etc, We figured we could take care of those things needing a flush toilet at that time.

The refrigerator had began to cool down nicely and we transferred out food from the coolers to the refrigerator. Before heading abck to town we went for a quick swim, Jeanette in her bikini and the rest of us in our birthday suits. After a quick swim we toweled off and with minimal dress heared into town for more supplies and a much needed rest room break.

We got back to the camper about 7, got naked (Jeanette still in her bikini) and grilled burgers and drank beer. Soon someone had to pee and a big discussion as to where was the best place to do this took place. Since I was raised a nudist our family didn't bother drying off after getting out of the pool, just to run inside and pee. My mom was always yelling about dripping water on the floor, so we just went over to the side of the garage and peed. My dad hosed the area down regularly. Having to go badly now and not wanting to listen to the dribble about 'where' we should go I got up walked about 20 feet behind a tree, stood there and peed.

Carol who from experience knew why I was headed there followed me. Even tho we were partially behind a few trees the others could see Carol squatting and me standing. When we returned to the campfire we were barraged with questions about how a girl can go standing up. I told them I had been standing all my life and by now was quite skilled at it. One by one the others headed into the woods, each finding their own "private" place to go. We drank beer untill about 11:00PM at wich time we headed to bed. Now let me tell you, sleeping in the same room as two other couples even in total darkness is is quite an experience, we all were turned on by the sounds from the others.

About 2:00 AM we all were awakened by Jeanette who, after many beers had to go. It seems she was hesitant to venture out alone and wanted George to acompany her. George was out cold but Carol, Josh, Mike and myself who were all awake by now decided we also could use a pee break too, so we all stepped outside the camper. Jeanette by now atired in a long tee shirt. As soon as we were about 20 feet from the camper Carol and I stopped, the othes wanting to go further into the woods. Soon Mike, Josh and Jeanette realized Carol and I were nearly finished. Imediately Josh and Mike grew erections, much to Jeanette's surprise. Since the night air was cool Carol and I headed back to the camper and crawled back into bed. I fell asleep before the others returned and was awakened by Josh poking his erection at me when he returned.

The next morning, about 6:00 AM we all were awakened by the sun streaming in and we all got up. Us girls decided a good place for our morning pee was whle swimming in the lake. All six of us headed down and went swimming, Jeanette still in her long tee shirt. after about 10 minutes we got out and dried off, Jeanette complained she was cold because of the still wet (and clinging) tee shirt. We convinced her it would be more comfortable for her to take it off as the thin wet fabric gave her no privacy at all. Reluctantly she did remove it and was amazed at how much more comfortable she was.

As we cooked breakfast and planned our day a discussion of our during the night pee break took place, George was all ears since he missed it completely. He begged each of us to wake him up so he would not miss out on the next one. Jeanette told him how Carol and I were able to go, standing up, practically right in front of the others. Carol and Jeanette were also amazed at how the guys were aparently turned on by watching us. I told everyone I had read about that in my class on Sexaulity, how some people enjoyed what has become to be known as "watersports" or Golden Showers". Some discussion took place as to weather this was nasty or perverted or not, but everyone agreed either way it was a necessity of life. Soon the subject changed and we went hiking for a bit before getting minimally dressed for another trip to town.

To be continued.

