Vacation's Beginning

25th May 2012, 03:40 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

(a sort of short vignette written after I became fascinated with an idea)

Anyone watching us would assume that the luckiest man in the world was helping his girl don sunblock, spreading thick cream along her limbs, smoothing it up between her thighs and rubbing it ever so carefully under the seams of her swimsuit ... just in case ... as she lies so perfectly still, her legs spread slightly on the lounge chair to give him room for his work.

But as I feel your muscles tense, feel goosebumps rise on your skin, watching closely the outline of your delicate lips shift below the thin gusset of spandex, I know your time is short. It is almost over.

We have flown far to this place at the edge of the land, in a pact that made every sip of water an erotic act, every delay full of exquisite tension, every bump in the road a shared thrill. We had agreed not to talk about it, to hide our needs as best we could. Our expression limited, shared glances and sudden pauses now take on great meaning.

The drinks cart once again passes by on a long flight - you daringly have another glass. The wait by the baggage carousel, pacing in front, then suddenly sitting on the sharp corner of a chair. Bending to lift the suitcase. The taxi stuck in traffic, together with crossed legs in the back, trapped there, not knowing how much longer. A leisurely greeting at check-in, complete with a glass of tropical juice. The long walk down carpeted halls.

Finally, barely in time, alone in our room, I pulled the shades while you quietly shut the bathroom door, bending at your hips, one knee raised, resisting temptation just a little longer. We undressed pausing to fight for control - clothes hurriedly strewn across the bed - your naked dancing body so enticingly beautiful in the dim light. Saying nothing, breathing quickly, controlling ourselves with all we had, we changed into swimwear and rushed gingerly out to the beach.

I am full to bursting, to the limit of control, surreptitiously pressing myself on the frame of the lounge chair, hands uselessly covered in sunblock. You breathe hard now, body held still, resisting the urge with every energy as I caress your firm belly, feeling your pent-up need. And then. A tiny moan. That fabric draped over your lovely lips balloons out wonderfully, accompanied by a sharp, muted hiss. Drops rise to the surface of the your suit.

A longer moan now, your body suddenly tense with last effort, but you cannot hold it back - the fabric once more bulges and now the hiss is longer, lovely rivulets running from between your legs and falling to the sandy ground. I can stand it no more, contain myself no longer, I feel it coming unstoppable, and my trunks expanding outward before my long-held pee joins yours on the sand.

A minute, gasping, in the ecstasy of relief. And then we urgently retreat back to our room ... to the shower and the bed. Vacation has just begun.

