Desperate Date (Male desperation)

17th April 2010, 02:57 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Eric's swollen bladder pressed against his skin, drawing the skin on his stomach tight and reminding him with every movement how desperately he needed to piss. He couldn't focus on the movie on the screen at all. His overfilled bladder screamed for release, aching, sending surges of pain coursing through Eric now and then that almost made him lose it. A wave of desperation hit him and he found himself bending forward in his seat, his hand in his pocket clenched around his dick to hold back the bursting flood. To his confusion and relief, the sensation began to arouse him and his dick grew hard in his hand, helping to stall the inevitable. Eric shifted and sat back, feeling the denim rub against his cock.

Beside him, Mary sipped her drink, making a slow sucking sound that caused a few drops of hot, desperate liquid to spurt from Eric's bladder, trickling out through his hard dick and making a small wet spot on his jeans. He coughed in embarrassment. Mary looked over, but could see little in the dark. She shyly grabbed his hand.

"This second picture sure is long," said Eric weakly. "Do you want to just leave?"

Mary shook her head, looking around the near-empty theater.

"Are you sure?"

She turned to him and grinned, something wicked in her eyes. "There's other things we could do to pass the time."

Eric raised an eyebrow, the immediate needs of his rock-hard dick beginning to outweigh the needs of his rock-hard bladder. "Yeah?"

Mary slid over towards him, running her hand down his arm. He pulled her in for a kiss and felt another tiny spurt escape him as he touched her tongue with his. He shifted again and felt Mary's hand move down towards the fly of his jeans, fumbling with the button. He sucked in his breath and concentrated on controlling his bladder, the surging tides, the alarm bells in his mind warning him that failure was imminent. He was sure he could hold it just a few minutes longer. He'd just have to run out the emergency exit as soon as they were done-- maybe just piss in the corner of the theater. He wasn't sure he could stop himself from wetting if he stood. Feeling Mary's soft hands brush against his dick, he sighed and gripped the armrest.

"Guess you were ready before me, huh?" she teased.

Eric grinned weakly, putting all his might into his bladder muscles. Mary ran her finger around the tip of his dick, circling the piss hole. Despite his best efforts, another tiny spurt escaped and trickled warm down his shaft, but Mary didn't seem to notice in the dark. She ran her hand slowly up and down the length of his cock, sending waves of pleasure through him. He had never been this hard before and the sensations were almost unbearable. Mary's hand moved faster and he tensed in his seat, lifting himself towards her in response. His bladder throbbed and he felt the massive weight of the liquid pressing against his tired muscles, all the soda he'd drank, all the water on the long walk to town, filling him up past capacity and threatening to burst him from at any moment, hot and wet and desperate. 

He moaned. Mary lowered her head and he felt her tongue dart out and lick the head of his cock, sending an uncontrollable surge of pleasure and desperate pain rolling through his body. He managed somehow to hold on. Mary's warm mouth closed around his dick and he moaned again, his sound hidden in the noise of the movie, sure he would come at any moment. She teased him slowly with her tongue. His breath grew hard and quick as she sucked up and down his shaft, slow and then fast, bringing him almost to the brink. His bladder bulged in his stomach, ready to burst. Mary's hand ran along his side and then down his stomach, brushing over the huge bulge in his abdomen and slightly pressing. He groaned and felt a long, hot spurt of urine escape him, jetting into Mary's mouth, uncontrollable. Mary sputtered and took her mouth off his dick, looking confused.

"Did you come?"

Eric couldn't reply, only panting. Mary raised herself up, pressing her hand as he did so, pressing where it lay on Eric's huge, tender bladder, compressing it and sending pain shooting through Eric's extremities, sending a surge of hot liquid out of Eric's stiff cock. Mary gasped as the piss spurted up through the air and splattered onto the floor, a long burst that lasted for seconds before Eric could stem the flow with his hands.

"Eric!" she cried.

"I'm sorry! I thought I could hold it!"

"That's digusting!"

"I have to go so bad, Mary--"

"Well then go pee outside!"

"I--" Eric grasped his penis with all his strength, trying to stem the flow. He was still as hard as ever but he knew that couldn't stop his bladder in this state. "If I move I'm gonna piss--"

"Don't!"

"I can't hold it, I'm gonna piss, I can't--" Eric moaned aloud, twisting his thighs in a fultile effort. His hands grasped so hard that his dick was almost white. Fluttering spurts of yellow liquid trickled through his fingers.

"Eww, Eric!"

Another huge wave of desperation hit Eric like an earthquake, shaking him, testing him to his very limits and bringing him beyond them as he realized he was losing the battle for good. His weary muscles trembled and then failed, and Eric groaned gutterally as the floodgates finally burst, sending waves and waves of desperate steaming piss out of his overfilled bladder and onto the floor. It streamed out of his dick at an amazing rate, thick and steady, spurting into the air like a fountain and falling back all over Eric's lap, legs and floor.

Eric twisted and squirmed to try and stop the flow, but it was impossible. He had waited far too long and his body demanded release, his bladder had reached its absolute limit and burst, drenching him with the hot desperate piss that he had held inside so long. Mary shrieked and ran several seats away as Eric watched his bladder void itself all over him, uselessly grasping at his dick. The steaming urine continued to surge forward, high into the air, almost over the next row of seats. The loud splattering and hissing almost drowned out the film.

Eric felt the endless tides flow out of him, the pain in his swollen bladder receeding, the huge lump on his stomach beginning to disappear. It was relief beyond any he had felt before. The piss running down his dick only made him harder, trickling over sensitive skin and bringing him closer and closer to the edge. He moaned again. As his flow began to trickle, his pleasure increased, until he could not take it any more and burst again all over the seat, hot cum spurting out along with the last of the piss. Eric found himself panting and soaked, sitting in the seat just as the credits began to roll.

