Cheri Horn, Barista, Chapter 1

12th June 2019, 04:51 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Thought I'd bring this over from another site, while it still exists. I wrote it several years ago. I'll post chap. 2, but I lost chap. 3.

Cheri Horn, Barista, Chapter 1

It was a long day again at Koffie House for Cheri, our new barista. The work though, was kind of fun and the money was good which helped pay bills and this was of course, Cheri's first job since graduating from university. After all, in this economy, careers were a bit difficult to get started for twenty three year old political science majors, even one so pretty and sexy. Cheri used what she'd learned in school to earn some generous tips. The other girls at the counter new their tip shares were primarily because of the shows that long legged, brunet Cheri put on for the customers. A little cleavage from an uplift bra helping display some luscious breasts. Men and even women are just naturally fascinated by this beautiful barista with the nicely rounded derriere.

It was not easy catering to all the customers from opening at 7 AM, until she finally took a break at eleven. During her first week at Koffie House all the hectic activity caused her to pee into her panties twice, but evidently that wasn't unusual. Her new best friend, Linda just laughed, saying she wasn't the first one to wet her pants and that they all had done it at one time or another. A floor drain in the serving area was a godsend and her loose fitting uniform skirt, although a bit brief, could do a pretty good job of covering a wet ass.

Saturday after work Cheri offered Linda a ride home, suggesting they stop somewhere for girl talk. Linda thought that would be great but first wanted to stop by her flat, just saying, "I really need to stop and change my Tena. What about you?"

Cheri was surprised. "Is that what you do. I wondered why you never need to go pee. Are you just doing it in a diaper?"

"Honey, it is so much easier than having to wait for a break and no one realizes that you have just been 'going a bit' while preparing their latte. Last month I realized I was developing a rash from wearing wet panties so often. Besides 'you silly', my Tena is not really a diaper per say, just a protective ladies pantie and wearing one with a little ointment takes care of my rash. Now I needn't worry about that extra cup of tea before our day starts.

I'm finding that Tena's are almost to convenient and sometimes I just start 'doing it' even when I'm not wearing one. Last week I peed my jean short shorts while helping my boy friend wash his car. That really had an effect on him especially since I hadn't paid any attention to what I'd done. Seems that a girl, who wets her pants, has a strong effect on guys and he was well, just so attentive. Cheri you should try wearing a Tena, they are just so comfortable, you'll love them. Even my naughty aunt Sandra, who also admits to being a bit lazy about her toilet habits, has started wearing the pantie style and she's only 38 years old."

Cheri wanted to know more, especially since the Maiden Form French cut control pantie she was wearing was badly yellowed throughout the crotch and well up her butt from when she'd peed earlier that morning. "Linda, would you mind if I try one when we stop at your apartment. I've got to get out of these soggy panties." Cheri liked this pretty redhead a lot and felt confident that Linda would keep secrets. Linda also loved showing off her rounded bottom and Cheri wanted to know how Linda could go unnoticed while wearing a diaper.

It didn't take long for the girls to begin changing their underthings at Linda's place. Linda reached into the bathroom cabinet and handed Cheri a Tena pantie that except for its obvious usefulness, looked almost like the cute high cut pantie she was still wearing. Linda for her part couldn't help but notice how beautiful and sexy her friend was and until she lifted her barista skirt to remove her obviously peed beige panties, hadn't realized what a nice figure she had. Linda was surprised that Cheri had gone most of the day wearing soiled panties without any complaint. Maybe she was also a wetter.

"Well now that we've changed let's head down to Charlie's Roadhouse for a little fun. I'll bet we'll be glad about our new security and unless some guy feels up between our legs, no one will even notice if we wet a bit, err I mean have a little accident". Both girls were giggling aloud as they walked from the apartment to the car, their short barista skirts swaying in the wind.

