Worthwhile Backyard Sleep Over!

17th July 2009, 01:24 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I and my friend Butch planned a sleep out in his backyard. It was a warm summer night and we set up our tent in the backyard. We did stay up very late not falling asleep until the wee hours of the morning. Before we did retire both od us took a piss in the backyard in the open before we did go to sleep. We thought it being so late no one would be up.

The morning came and we both woke up and climbed out from the tent. Butch and I stood there stretching and yawning waking up. From over at one of the windows from the house next door came Barbie S's voice. Het you two come here. she said to the two of us. So Butch and I walked over to the window where Barbie S was standing at.

You two had quite a time last night didn't you? she asked us. We had for we had made a lot of noise while we were awake. Butch told Barbie S we were sorry if we had kept you up. Barbie S told us it was all right. She rathered enjoyed it. Some of the stories and jokes the two of you told wre very good and funny. I told Barbie S well at least you had a good time. Butch laughed and so did she.

Butches sistor Barbie H now had come outside and she joined Butch and I at the Barbie S's window. Barbie S went on talking to Butch and I but said hello to Barbie H seeing her there with us now. You know the best part of the night is just before you two went to sleep. Butch and I looked at each other. Barbie H stood there and she began to giggle and she spoke up saying that just before we went to sleep was the best part of the whole night too!

Butch and I then asked why. Barbie H was now giggling so hard she told Barbie s to tell us. Barbie s was also laughing but she managed to stop her laughing. Well I saw both of you piss there in the yard! Barbie H also said to both Butch and I; I did too! I said to both of them; You both did? They both shook there heads yes. Butch said to me and thyem; I didn't think anyone was up. Did you think that to? He asked me. I shook my head yes.

Barbie S then went on and told us since we had kept her up she was at her bedroom window looking out down into the backyard. She saw us come out and stand side by siode. She saw us pull our zippers down and whip our cocks out (Barbie S now again giggled real hard) and you two took a real good piss. Barbie S paused with a big smile and then she told us we both had nice cocks too!

Now Butch and i both couldn't help but laugh. After Butch stopped laughing he told Barbie S he was glad that Barbie S had enjoyed that the most. She laughed and shaking her head yes she did! Then Barbie S said to both Butch and I; I have something in return for you two guys. For last nights show she went on and said to us next. Barbie S was in her nightgown and she stepped back from the window.

She was in the bathroom! Butch and I could now see in since Barbie S had stepped back away from the open window. Barbie S told us since she saw us piss How bout if I let you two guys see me pee! Butch was laughing and I and he both told her go right ahead! Barbie H was still standing behind Butch and I and she too told Barbie S go ahaead. I don't think you will do it! Barbie S hearing Barbie h's comment laughed and started walking over to the toilet which both Butch and I could see from the open window.

As Barbie S walked back towards the toilet she hitched up her nightgown! Butch and I at the window stared in watching Barbie H hitch her nightgown up. She did it slowly and teaseingly too. Firts her thighs were being shown. As she pulled it up more the botom of her bare asscheeks became visible. Barbie S was not wearing any panties

!

She hiked her nightgown up some more giving Butch and I now a GOOD LOOK at all of her ass! Her ass was very full looking for she was slightly plump. Still nice full cheeks well curved along with a nice long wide asscrack! When she got to the toilet Barbie S wiggled her hips making her ass wiggle and that made Butch laugh and his sistor Barbie H giggle hard. Barbie H then said; I think she is going to do it!

Barbie S now had reached the toiet and turned around and faced Butch and I at the open window. As he and I looked in stareing at Barbie H she also had the front of her nightgown up revealing her pussy at us now! Barbie S's pussy had a long slit with a stubby short clit above it. Her side lips were large but weren't longer then her slit. She now backed up and straddled over the toilet.

She asked Butch if it was ok with him if I watched her piss. Butch shook his head saying yes and he said to Barbie S that he didn't care if she did. (Butch and her were sort of boyfriend girlfriend at this time but they both did see others too) That may have been the reason why she asked and for Butch's answer back to her.

Barbie S began to piss! Out from her pussy shooting straight down into the toilet with a loud splash, a loud hiss, a very yellow colored piss stream! From Barbie H she said laughing and loudly; OMG she's doing it! I heard her say it and I was sure Butch had heard his sitor say it but his attention was on Barbie S.

She only took a very quick look down at first. Seeing that her piss stream was shooting down into the toilet she looked up back at Butch and I and smiled. The black toilet seat was down so that was why she had looked down when she first started pissing. She wanted to make sure she wasn't pissing on the toilet seat.

Barbie S went and did take a good piss for us two. Her stream stayed hard splashing loudly in the toilet along with its loud hissing. The hissing of her stream stayed going until near the end of her piss. That is when it did stop. Before Barbie S did stop pissing her stream got very thin with a lot less splashing in the toilet. Then she dribbled a little then dripped and then she stopped.

She then reached over letting go with one hand she had holding up her nightgown with and the back of her nightgown dropped. she rolled off a wad of toilet paper and tore it off. She first dabbed her crotch with it. Then she flipped it over and gave her pussy three long slow wipes with the wad of toilet paper. She didn't even look down at herself when she wiped! She looked staright at Butch and I while she wiped. She had a big smile on her face too.

She dropped the toilet paper into the toilet. She still held the front of her nightgown up as she did turn and flushed the toilet. Then she started walking towards us at the open window with her nightgown still up in front. Before she did get back to the windw she did let go off the front of her nightgown and it dropped down covering her back over.

Once she reached the open window she squated down placing her elbows on the window sash and she gave Butch a slight quick kiss. She smiled at me only. Then she then got up and she bent over with her head and top part of her body leaning out of the window. She looked right at Butches and my crotches. Laughing she said; Yup I see two boners! Then she slipped back inside the window and sqauted back down again smileing.

Butch laughed hard. I also laughed but not as hard as Butch was. Barbie H stood there and she giggled hard. Then those two started talking just to each other leaving me and Barbie out of thier conversation. I took a quick look at my watch. It was now mid morning and I thought it would be a good time to leave. I told Butch and Barbie S that I was leaving but noiether one of those two had heard me or ingnored me. They didn't say anything back to me. They just went right on talking.

So I turned and started walking up towards Butches barn to get my bike out from the inside of it. Barbie H came running up to me. Hey don't go yet! she said to me. I told her that I had to go. Aren't you staying for breakfast? Barbie H then asked me. Well nothing was said about breakfast last night. Oh I didn't know I was staying for breakfast Barbie I said back to her. Well you can if you want to she said back to me.

