Roommates Part 12: Relaxed

17th August 2013, 04:57 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After their massages, the girls put their robes back on and made sure they followed the masseur's instructions, drinking a bottle of water each while they waited. A little while later, they were lead to a room with two reclining seats. They leaned back as two Asian women dabbed at the girls' faces with soft cloths and rubbed on exfoliating creams, then placed cucumbers over their eyes.

"I thought this whole thing was a cliche," Denise said, laughing. "But they really do this."

"Yep," Starla said.

After their faces were thoroughly cleaned and creamed, one of the Asian ladies spoke.

"You rest now. We will be back to wash off the cream."

"Mmm, this is my favorite part," Starla said.

"What's that?" Denise asked.

"Nap time." Both girls laughed as they relaxed in their comfy chairs. Denise sighed and tried to empty her mind, or whatever it is they tell you to do when you're trying to relax. As she sighed, though, she started to feel the pressure in her bladder from the bottle of water. Nothing serious, but she would have to pee soon.

"So, how long does this usually take?" she asked.

"I don't know," Starla said. "This is actually my first time doing this."

"But you said..."

"Yeah, I know, but I'm just really tired and I knew they let you rest while it works. Just relax and enjoy the down time. Who cares if it's five minutes or fifteen minutes?"

Denise squirmed in her seat as she tried to relax again and get comfortable.

"You have to pee again, don't you?" Starla asked. In spite of the weight of the cream on her face, Denise could feel her cheeks get red.

"Is it that obvious?"

Starla laughed. "Yes, it is. Just relax and do it. I mean, really, after everything we've done so far?"

"But I'll soak my robe. And then these ladies come back in and here I'm sitting in a soaked robe."

"Would you just relax? Seriously. This is supposed to be stress relief. You already peed during the massage, so I'm sure these ladies heard all about that. Just lay back and relax. If it happens, it happens."

"Fine," Denise said. The pressure in her bladder had grown from a nag to a need, anyway, and even if the ladies came in soon, she probably wouldn't last long enough for them to remove the cream and let her go to the bathroom. She sat back in the chair, feeling the comfort of the leather cushions and her naked body against the soft robe. As she relaxed, she could feel her pee traveling from her bladder to her urethra. She started to tense, a reflex, but resisted it and just relaxed again. A tiny dribble started and she sighed as it warmed her vagina and dripped softly to her bottom.

"Are you peeing?" Starla asked.

"Mmm hmm," Denise said, as her pee continued to slowly leak out.

"Ohh, I wish I could see it. Tell me how it feels."

"Warm," Denise said. "It's dribbling down my slit. Ohh..."

"Just relax and let it go," Starla said. "But keep telling me how it feels."

"It's soaking my robe under me. I can feel it warming my butt. Ohh, this feels so good. Oh, it's coming... Uhhh." Denise spread her legs as she felt her pee coming out full force now, spraying against her thighs and the front of her robe. "Mmm, it's... spraying all over my legs... Ohh... it's so hot."

As she continued to pee, Denise could hear Starla squirming and moaning in the chair next to her. She knew what was going on.

"Keep talking."

"Ohh, I can't stop. I'm so wet but it feels so good. Ohh. I'm going to close my legs and pee like that." She did as she said and put her legs together, feeling the warm squirt of her pee as it sprayed against her inner thighs. Since the front of her robe was already wet, she started stroking herself through her robe. It didn't take long for her to climax as she also heard Starla gasping and then moaning out loud, followed by a loud splashing sound as Starla obviously squirted her warm pee all over the tile floor.

"Mmm, that's nice. Ahhh..." After a few more seconds of splashing and moaning, both girls relaxed into their seats again.

"We have to do this again sometime," Starla said.

"Definitely, if they let us come back." They both laughed and waited for the ladies to come in.

