A desperate first date

5th May 2013, 06:05 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

The night was going almost perfectly. Jason had been chatting with a cute redhead at the bar for a good forty minutes, and after a few beers she'd started paying for all the drinks. The only problem was the growing discomfort in Jason's bladder, but he was sure that Cynthia would have to go sooner or later and he could take that opportunity to relieve himself. He couldn't imagine excusing himself, admitting to her that he couldn't wait any longer. He was a grown man, after all; he could handle it.

The bartender came up and placed two more shots in front of them. Cynthia gave a Jason a wink.

«Think you can handle another one?» she asked.

Jason laughed. «Sure, why not?»

«Two more beers, please,» said Cynthia to the bartender. «Chasers, you know.»

The thought of downing another beer made Jason's bladder twinge. He was starting to realize that his body simply could not hold as much liquid as he willed it to; that sooner or later, it was going to need to come out. He watched Cynthia for signs of discomfort, but she seemed to be in no hurry-- she'd had just as much to drink as himself, though. Didn't women have smaller bladders?

Cynthia raised her shot glass and smiled at him. Jason picked his up and clinked it against hers and then downed the shot, the warm liquid sliding down his throat a painful reminder of his need. He felt the flush of liquor and his body shuddered momentarily. He felt his dick twitch against the fabric of his jeans, begging for relief. His bladder was pressing tightly against the waistband of his jeans, and these were his favorite pair that normally fit perfectly. He couldn't remember ever having to go this bad, aside from the time he got stuck in traffic on the way back from a baseball game and had to relieve himself into a Gatorade bottle. Cynthia handed him his beer and put her hand on his leg, her fingers brushing lightly against his thigh. All of Jason's muscles clenched. His dick jumped again. His bladder ached, the liquid pressing heavily against its walls. It was all he could do not to let a hot squirt of piss into his underwear.

«What do you say we chug these beers and get out of here?» said Cynthia, her voice low and sultry. She leaned into him. Her hand was still on his thigh.

Despite his urgent need, Jason felt himself growing hard, and Cynthia glanced down quickly to notice this. She smiled and squeezed his leg.

«Alright, big boy,» she said. «Down it.»

Jason raised his beer, clinked it to hers, and began to drink. He knew as the liquid poured into him that there was no possible way that his body could hold it; he would have to find a way to piss before it reached his bladder. They would pass the hallway to the toilets as they left. Surely Cynthia would stop in. She'd told him she lived a half-hour subway ride away, and they'd both had several beers and a few shots. Any woman would need to piss by now-- she must just have been good at hiding it.

Jason finished and put his empty glass down on the bar. Cynthia finished just after him, wiped her mouth primly and smiled at him. She stood and took his hand and began to lead him out of the bar. The sudden motion made the weight of his bladder shift and for a moment he was sure he was going to lose it, that piss was going to seep out no matter how hard he tried to hold it. Cynthia was ahead of him, not looking, so he quickly reached down and pinched the tip of his dick through his jeans, adjusting himself in a desperate bid to regain control. To his horror, Cynthia walked quickly past the toilets, leading him out the door. He thought about saying something, telling her he needed to rush back in-- but how could he? What could he say? Sorry babe, but I'm about to piss my pants? As they hit the cool air outside, Jason felt a tiny flurry of piss leak from his dick into his underwear. He shivered. Cynthia put her arm around him as they walked towards the subway stop.

«You cold, honey?»

«Ah, yeah,» said Jason, trying to keep the panic from his voice. «Should've brought a jacket.»

«I'll keep you warm.»

They descended the stairs into the station and stood waiting for the train. Cynthia hand her hand in his back pocket, gently rubbing. His dick was half-hard but all he could think about was the toilet at her apartment and whether he could keep his dignity until he reached it. Thankfully, the train came after only a few minutes, and was mostly empty. They took a seat towards the back of the car. Cynthia leaned against him, caressing his arm.

«You're so quiet,» she said.

«Sorry.» Jason laughed. «Just thinking about you, babe.»

«Mmm, I bet.»

«How far's your apartment?»

«Can't wait to get there, hmm?»

«You bet,» said Jason. Cynthia slowly trailed her hand down up his leg towards his crotch. Jason's muscles clenched, his bladder sending out urgent signals, his abdomen aching and tight.

«Someone's a little excited,» said Cynthia. She brushed against his crotch.

Another tiny squirt of piss fluttered into Jason's underwear. Nothing was showing on his jeans, yet, but he could feel the dampness, the fabric clinging tight to his dick.

«We'll be there soon,» she said.

All Jason could concentrate on was quelling the tides in his bladder. He had never had to piss this bad in his life. Even when he'd used the Gatorade bottle, it hadn't been this urgent-- and he'd thought then that he was about to piss himself. He'd filled almost the entire bottle with his steaming, desperate urine, pissing endlessly as traffic inched forward around him. Thinking of it again made his bladder contract, and a hot squirt of piss escaped him-- and then, before he could stop it, another, beating hard and trembling against the fabric of his briefs for a full second. Jason looked down in fear, but thankfully his jeans were still dry. The subway began to slow. Cynthia took his hand again.

«This is us,» she said.

Somehow he managed to walk off the subway and onto the platform without losing any more piss. Cynthia led him towards a flight of stairs. He took a deep breath and steeled himself. His bladder sloshed and twitched and burned as he climbed. They came out onto the street, and Cynthia pointed towards a nearby townhouse.

«I'm right there,» she said.

It was so close that Jason could barely stand it. He imagined the toilet, the sweet sight of relief. He shifted from foot to foot as they waited for the traffic light to change, and hurried across as soon as it turned.

Cynthia laughed, rushing up behind him. «Can't wait, huh?»

No, he couldn't wait, but in a different way than she realized. He grinned back at her, praying that she wouldn't realize his situation. He would just have to duck into the bathroom as soon as they got in, without explanation: he'd hurry in and out and then lead her to her bedroom and lay her down, his attention finally focused on her.

«My roommate might be home,» said Cynthia, as they came up to the front door. Her keys were already out, no time wasted. «But she's cool.»

Her apartment was on the third floor, it turned out, and each step was agony. On the second-floor landing Jason squirted again into his briefs. There was a dime-sized spot on his jeans, now, but he was so close to relief: surely he could hold it another minute or two. Cynthia unlocked her apartment door. She took his hand again and led him down the hallway: all closed doors, and Jason desperately needed to know which one was the bathroom. She took him into a room at the end of the hall.

«Uh,» said Jason, his hands trembling as she started to shut the door. «Do you think I could use your bathroom?»

«Oh, sure,» she said. «It's just out in the hall.»

Jason hurried out, trying the first door he came to, but it was an empty bedroom. His bladder contracted violently and a two-second burst of steaming piss drummed against the denim of his jeans. He took in a sharp breath. He tried the second door, but it was locked. He rapped his fist against the door.

«Oh,» said Cynthia, behind him. «Lauren must be in there. She likes to take baths with her headphones in-- she won't hear a thing.»

Jason clenched the doorknob so hard he thought it might rip off. «Is-- is this the only bathroom?»

«Of course.» Cynthia giggled. «Come on back to my room.»

Helpless, Jason followed. What else could he do? Piss in the kitchen sink? But he had to go so badly, all his nerves were on fire-- his dick was moving of its own accord, twitching and jumping as spasms of pain moved through him. But if he was hard, it would be easier. He just had to ignore it until the bathroom was free. Cynthia would keep him busy.

Her room was thankfully dim; she didn't seem to notice the orange-sized wet spot that had formed at the crotch of his jeans. She pulled him close, ran her hands along his body. His bladder shuddered and his dick stiffened. She sat down on the bed and began to undo his jeans. His dick was straining against the fabric, now, despite his need, and when she freed it it sprung forward in his wet briefs. She pulled these down, too, without seeming to notice the soaked front. Jason moaned softly and pressed into her, pulling her shirt up over her head as she wiggled out of her skirt. He took her in, her soft curved body, her perfect breasts, the small swell of her stomach-- was that her bladder, pushing out the skin? How could she not have to pee?

She pulled him down onto the bed, and as he fell onto the soft down comforter he felt another spurt escape, soaking into the bedspread unnoticed. He was fully hard but still could not control himself. His cheeks and ears were flushed and he could hear the blood rushing in his ears.

«Cynthia,» he said hoarsely.

«Mmm,» she said, and straddled his body, one knee on either side.

«Cynthia, I-- you're so sexy, I need you, but---»

«Mmm, I bet you do.»

«I really need the bathroom.»

«You need me,» she said, rocking herself downward, her panty-covered pussy brushing against his straining dick.

Jason moaned again. «I'm so sorry. I can't wait.»

«Of course you can.»

«I really can't--»

«Shhh,» said Cynthia, and bent down to kiss him. She ran her tongue along his teeth and his bladder shook and another hot, desperate squirt escaped, pattering over his stomach, beading it with piss. Cynthia rocked against him again. His bladder screamed for relief, all the beer and whiskey stretching its limits, his poor tortured dick trembling with the effort of holding. Cynthia grinded against him, back and forth, lowering herself further until suddenly all her weight was on him, her panties damp against his stomach, pressing into his rock-hard bladder, and he could not possibly hold back-- a hot flood of urine burst from him, spraying desperately, five seconds of uncontrolled wetting all over his chest and Cynthia's panties, as Jason squirmed and groaned.

«Oh my god, oh my god,» whimpered Jason, struggling to hold back the rest of the flood. «I'm so sorry.»

Cynthia kept grinding against him, though he was covered in piss, though he could feel its heat all over his chest and smell it in the air. «Oooh, you must have to go so bad.»

«I do, oh my god-- Cynthia, I can't hold it, please let me up--»

«I bet it really hurts, huh? All that beer, and nowhere to go...»

«Please, stop...»

Cynthia ran her hands down his body, tracing patterns with her fingertips, each slow movement causing his sphincter to flutter hopelessly. «It's just so hard to hold it, isn't it? All you want to do is let it go, just relax and let all that piss flow out...»

«Ohhhh,» moaned Jason, another spasm racking his body. Piss was seeping from his dick in squirts and flutters, dribbling down his sides and onto the bedspread. He could not believe this was happening-- himself, unable to control his piss, wetting himself like a child-- Cynthia, some kind of sadist, hovering over him and torturing him, voicing his desperation until he could not stand it anymore.

«You're gonna piss all over the bed, aren't you? You're gonna burst. You can't hold it, you're going to explode...»

«Why-- why are you doing this?»

«I've been watching you,» said Cynthia, and ran her hand along his thigh. A two-second burst of piss jumped from his dick and splashed against her stomach. «You were about to lose it on the train, you were wetting yourself before we even got in the door...»

«I can't wait, I can't wait,» panted Jason, and another spurt followed. His muscles were fluttering, about to fail. His bladder was a burning stone. Cynthia bent down and ran her tongue along his stomach and that was it, that was the end-- his aching bladder gave way and the floodgates burst and hot piss streamed from his dick, spraying between their bodies, its force so strong that it ricocheted off Cynthia's stomach and back onto the bed, a downpour of Jason's urgent piss quickly soaking into the bedsheets. He groaned, unable to move, unable to do anything but desperately void himself, all that beer and whiskey and water that had stretched his bladder to the limit, that had made him lose all control. He could not stop pissing. Cynthia pulled her panties to the side and positioned her pussy against his stream, bucking and moaning as its intense force pleasured her swollen clit.

Jason felt dizzy, light-headed. The pressure slowly drained, his bladder voiding a seemingly endless amount of hot, steaming piss. He could not believe how much was inside him. He was urinating so hard that his pisshole was stretched wide, the stream nearly half an inch thick. Cynthia's movements grew quicker, more urgent. She threw her head back and moaned as her body shook in orgasm, Jason's piss thrumming against her clit, making her whole body spasm-- and then, suddenly, a torrent of urine burst from her body, shooting almost straight out at first and then pouring hot all over Jason's stomach and still-pissing dick. She took hold of his arms and clenched tight as she relieved herself all over him, the force and intensity of her piss proof that she, too, had been full to the limit, that she must have had to piss all along-- but she could hold it when Jason couldn't; she could control herself until the moment of orgasm, when her body's needs took over.

Together they pissed out the torrents inside them. Jason felt his stream diminishing, but Cynthia was still going strong, her piss pooling hot around his sides, the bed unable to absorb any more. Jason's dick was harder than it had ever been, twitching and straining, all his nerves on fire. He groaned and shut his eyes and as Cynthia's piss splashed over him he helplessly came without even being touched, his cum spurting hard against her stomach. She ground herself against him, still pissing. Jason, still cumming, shoved his dick into her pussy and thrusted, lost in the ecstasy of orgasm, hot piss splashing everywhere. Cynthia's body tensed and shook again, and then they lay together in the steaming mess, trembling, soaked and exhausted. Cynthia put her mouth against Jason's ear and whispered.

«I win,» she said.

