Just sharing nawti thoughts!

9th August 2010, 09:25 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So here i am moderating an exam for my learners, all adults, a mixed class but this is Africa, the training is for field rangers, and so obvioulsy more men than women~! i have a great signal because we are in a much bigger camp at the moment, and so i am on here, hehehehe~! and i had my hair done over the weekend (a treat from a friend) so i feel all girly and sleek and stylish and demure~! i am in a sleeveless black button blouse in soft cotton, a sheer black satin bra, and black denim jeans~! and i just finished reading wsvoyeur's awesome stories, especially the diairies of Leslie Kay~! and so i am trying not to show JUST how turned on i am, not to reveal the warm wonderful deep tingling inside me.

Add to that i had my morning orange juice and coffee and am sipping another huge mug of coffee, and now you will realise i am also sitting here with a deliciously full bladder, and that as i lean forward it is increasing my nether tingling. also as i lean forward my breasts brush the desk surface, and i have to bite on my teeth not to softly moan, in fact i struggle to show nothing in my face of the delight i feel, the hot white lust that rips through me, as my nipples brush the wood through my soft cotton blouse and softer satin bra.~! i bring my chair forward so my breasts squash slightly on the desk and tighten my thigh muscles, clenching my inner pussy muscles nicely~! oh damn~! i am so horny and failry desperate to pee. and i like even more the fact that as i am in class i cannot show it, so i have nothing but a smile on my face. yeah a slightly nawti one, i am sure, but they are concentrating on their papers after all~!

I am fantasising about some of the scenes i have just read (thanks Voyeur) and also thinking of the story that was only half fiction that i wrote last night, and i feel hot desire flood me. my bladder is so full it hurts but i sip more cofffee and delight in the feeling. i can feel some warm wetness, a combination of pee and lust, just waiting to escape and i want to rub my crotch - is SO BADLY want to rub my crotch. rub it to help keep my desperation intact and also to feel my panties and jeans rub against my wanton wetness~! sigh~! i am not sure how long i can hold out, those few wet drips are sitting JUST there, and any quick movement will make it imposible for me to stop them escaping. from soaking my black cotton panties, and into my thick denim jeans. i half want to lose control and let them go, right here, in front of class, just a few drops, a teensy tiny squirt. nobody will see, i have such thick black jeans on.

But i won't~! nope, i will sip more coffee, find another hot story to read, and enjoy this amazing feeling of tingly desire for as long as i can. ~! wonder when and how i will let this flood go? I am not yet sure, not planning ahead, i do know though that there will be an orgasmic explosive need to be filled as soon as i am alone. good job there's nobody nearby i can seduce, lol, or i would possibly do just that~!~! pity Craig ( yes he is real) and the other rangers are so far away today~! hehehehe~!

See ya later~!

