A two-fer

3rd June 2009, 01:35 AM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

I found a girl selling panties on CL again (they're often open minded), and set up a meeting downtown. From her emails, she mentioned how hot she thought my idea was, which was a first.

I waited for her at a Starbucks, with a Grande hot tea. She showed up, and she was very thin, with long brown hair, wearing a black T-shirt and jeans. In the pic she sent, she was unshaven, which is a huge turn-on for me.

We talked for a while, and I asked how the panty business was going. "Not so great today," she said, "I had a no-show before I came over here." Hmm... "Maybe I'll take those too," I said. She cracked a smile, and then grabbed my cup.

She wandered off to the bathroom, and I was already getting turned on thinking about what she was doing. When she returned, she sat down very daintily, and handed me the cup. It was only 1/3 full, but I could feel how warm it was from her piss.

Then she held out her hand and presented her balled-up panties. We were sitting by the window, so I just grabbed them and stuffed them in my bag. She was just looking at me expectantly, so I took the top off the cup, and stuck my nose in it.

Her pee was strong, smelling like browned butter and citrus. I took a little sip from the cup and swirled her pee around in my mouth. It had a flavor of buttered popcorn and lemon juice. God, it was so deliciously strong!

"Is it good?" she asked. "Oh yeah, it's amazing," I said. She wanted to stay and watch me drink more of it, but I just had to jack off while I drank the rest. It was too fucking good. I gave her a little money, and we parted ways.

I went into the bathroom, and pulled out her white cotton panties. They were still very slightly damp. I took a deep sniff from where her juices had rubbed into the cotton, and it had that same buttery funky smell... I grabbed the cup and took a sip, holding her piss in my mouth while I soaked in the smell of her bushy pussy.

I swallowed again and again, savoring her strong piss and stronger pussy smell, and then draped her panties on my head so I could jack off while I drank her up. Well, when I draped the panties, they moved a bit, and suddenly my nose was pressing into the fabric that had been pressing into her ass just minutes before.

It wasn't a very strong smell, but it definitely smelled like a dainty, clean girl's ass. Which is to say, it smelled like roses mixed with milk chocolate. Seriously, that's the best way I can describe it.

As soon as I smelled her ass, I know I was going over the falls. I chugged the rest of her piss in one big gulp, breathed in deep to get a full, rich sniff of her ass, and then swallowed as I came so hard.

That was a fun one.

