Being Drunk And Pissing Part 10

15th March 2010, 11:21 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Terry and I must have been her bedroom for some time after we had gone into it after our bath. For when we walked out from the bedroom and to the kitchen the power had come back on and the sun was out. The storm outside had ended. I was glad on that for I would not have suchh as hard time getting home when I was going to leave. That would not be till after Terry was going to have me stay for dinner.

Since the power was back on I walked into her livingroom turned on Terry's stereo and put on some good tunes to listen to. Then went back to the kitchen to see if Terry needed help with preparing dinner. She told me she didn't. But just hang out she said to me so I sat at the kitchen table as Terry made up what we were going to have for dinner.

Forty five minutes passed and the roast was in the oven,fresh biscuits were made up ,the salad was made so Terry was done. Terry and I were not dressed yet but Terry had put on a apron which was the only thing she was wearing while making up everything for dinner. She took it back off and said to me; Well every thing is done for now except one thing. Well what's that? I asked her. Terry smiled and said I have to piss!

So we both went into her bathroom. Terry told me I better sit down on te toilet this time. So I went over to it put the seat down and sat down on it. Terry then sat down on my lap and sat snuggling right up tight into me. Before Terry started her piss she asked me if I needed to piss also. I felt that I could so I told her so. Terry smiled slightly as she reached down between me and her. My cock was only semi erect but that didn't matter to Terry. She took it and slipped it so that my cocks head was inserted into her pussy and slipped her hand back out.

Terry's pussy was already slightly wet which I did feel it's wetness and warmth on my cocks head that was inside of her pussy. That now was getting my cock to become harder and I could feel that happening and as my cock got harder it got longer so more of it started slipping up inside of Terry's pussy. Terry told me that she could feel more of me inside of her. That feels so good too! I smiled back at Terry. Then I asked Terry; When are you going to piss? Terry laughing said to me; Oh I was waiting on you and the way you fell right now I'll start!

Terry did say one more thing also to me before she did start her piss. Canyou open your legs a little more? I need to have you do that so I have some open space under me. So I moved my feet apart making my legs seperate alittle wider. How's that? I asked Terry. I think that will be all right Terry said back to me. Then right after saying that to me I felt very warm liquid running down the last third of my cocks shaft and wetting my balls too. Terry had started to piss.

I smiled again and told Terry that her warm piss felt great! Terry smiled and ten gave me a quick kiss. It will feel better in a moment more Terry said to me. Then I felt Terry's pussy muscles pushe against my cock which with the pushing pressed against my cock but being in deep enough it ddn't slide back but stayed put. With Terry's pushing she pissed harder making much more piss run down my cock and over my balls.

Terry went while she pissed would push off and on taking different lengths of pushes when she did push. So the amount of piss would change making her piss more and less on me. Then after doing her pushing for a short time Terry stopped and now her piss dribbled out and ran down my cocks shaft and slightly wetting my balls. Now without her pushing I thought to myslef that I should give a push and start my piss.

I gave a push and I did shoot a spurt of my warm piss up inside of Terry's pussy. That brought a slight gasp from Terry. I felt that! Terry said to me. I smiled. There's more I have only just started I said to Terry. Terry then right then pressed her body down just a little harder making my cock slide just a little deeper in her pussy and I gave another push to get pissing again and I did. This time my stream stayed going.

My own piss came out along with Terry's dribbling piss so it all ran down my cock and over my balls. Terry then restarted her pushing so more piss ran down my cock and balls. This time Terry's push was a long continueis one which lasted longer then my piss. This push made Terry piss hard and she like me also stopped before the end of her push. When Terry stopped her push Terry squeezed her pussy off and on on my cock several times also.

Terry then told me she was now done. She raised herself up so that my cock slid out of her pussy and when Terry sat back down on me she sat further back making a good space betwen us. Roll some paper off for me would you please! Terry said to me. So I reached over rolled off a wad from the roll reached down and wiped Terry;s pussy off with the paper. Terry then told me I better do further down and back too. So I wiped under her pussy and did the lower part of her ass too.

Terry then thanked me after I had wiped her andshe reached past me and flushed the toilet. Then she got up from my lap stuck a hand out which I took a hold of and she helped me up even though I didn't need her help to do so. Then Terry told me she would be right with me for she wanted to check on the roast in the oven. I went to the livingroom. Terry came in a couple minutes later. The roast is ok still have a half hour or so to wait till its done Terry said to me.

Terry then told me she would get my cock wet and I could have a piece of ass before dinner! So Terry squated down in front of me and started giving me head. She went quickly making sure my cock was wet as she gave me head. Then she stopped stood up and went over to the couch and knelt on it with her ass faced towards me. Terry giggled It's empty inside now! Fill it! So I stepped behind her stuck my wet cocks head up to Terry's asshole gave a little push and it slipped inside of it and I slowly pushed sliding my entire cock up inside of it! The I slowlt started taking long strokes with my cock.

Terry then took my hands placed them on her breasts which I started to massage them along withher nipples which I also squeezed and pinched them lightly. Terry also took her ne hand slipped it down stuck a finger up her pussy and with another started massaging her clit with it. Soon both of us were getting worked up and Terry had teaken her other hand slipped it down also and would grabb my balls when I was fully inserted and give them a gentle squeeze each time I had fully insterted my cock up inside her ass!

Terry climaxed just before I did. With her cum squirting out Terry made sure that I was fully inserted up her ass with my cock. She had gripped my balls with her hand and moved them so that her cum wetted them! With her mucle contractions her asshole was pulsateng hard on my cock and I wanted to really start thrusting my cock back and forth real hard but I waited just enough till Terrys cumming began to slacken and then I went to town giving it to Terry good fast and hard!

I gave one hard deep stroke and held still and I shot a termendus load of cum deep up inside of Terry's ass. She let out a loud scream. She also took her hands had placed them on my ass cheeks just before I took y final plunge and she pressed me into her ass as hard as she could. Then a second big load of my cum squirted deep up inside of Terry. A second scream from her followed. Terry's asshole was going wild with its contractios on my cock now. I did opne more big shot of cum and then did many litle spurts after that last big one.

That was it I was spent and I just leaned on Terry's ass for support. Terry was leaning up against the back of the couch gasping till she cuaght her breath. We stayed like this evn well after my cock had gone limp but was still inside up Terry's ass. She then slwoly pulled forward my cock slid out from her asshole. She got up got off the couch grabbed my hand and told me; Its time to go eat. So out to the kitchen we went and had our dinner. Terry made a great dinner too.

