Driving desperation ~lol~!

14th April 2010, 05:21 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So as you all, or most of you anyway, know by now, I'm involved with a project that will see 250 unemployed people gain a full national certificate in protected area management which means they'll be entry level game rangers. My section of training includes general management skills, life skills, computer skills etc, HIV awareness, safety training, assertiveness skills, literacy (ABET) and an introduction to conservation and basic conservation ethics and social values and ethics. So it's tiring and the students have almost non-existent academic skills and poor literacy levels so it's challenging. But I love it. Part of the project provisions though is that we use local schools for venues which means no power or toilets (I use a hole behind a tree, lol) during the day and I am on the road at 6h30 to get to the village in time and home only after 7pm but hey I do not mind I love the drive it's so scenic here.

So the other day I left for my long hot dusty ride home and got about three quarters of the way when I realised I could not hold any more no way~! Despite my desperate need and the distance I was from the guest house, I was loathe to wet the rental car seat as I have to use it for some time still so I stopped, and took out this duvet I brought with me. I put it on the car seat and got back in. Now my heart was beating SO hard and SO fast as I knew I was going to let myself wet right there in the car and the thought made my head swim, my nipples were so hard I found my hands cupping my breasts as I sat there. Then I buckled up, took a deep breath and drove off.

My bladder suddenly twisted and I had a stab of almost pain go through me, and I winced and bit my lip. I breathed slowly so I could un-spasm my poor very very full bladder. When I had it under control I relaxed as much as I could, now my pussy was tingling excitedly and my nipples again stiffened as I prepared myself to let go. It was harder than I thought, for my brain to overrule my body and let me release some wonderful hot pee into my panties. I was wearing linen slacks, beige, with beige cotton panties, a white linen blouse and lacy white sheer bra. 

As I felt the first small squirt of warm pee push through my pussy lips and soak into the panties and slacks I actually groaned aloud in the car as I was driving. Oh gosh it felt so good~! Damn I loved the feel of my hot pee against my pussy, and could not stop one hand snaking down and rubbing my slightly wet crotch, pushing the wet cloth against my pussy and against my engorged clit. Oh my, nice~! My hand moved up and twisted my nipple hard, making my pussy contract and at the same time I allowed another squirt to go, a bit more than before. ~! I felt the pee pulse from me, feeling the immediate wetness as it pooled inside my panties before soaking through I almost came~! Thank goodness this sis rural road where one can only go slowly and there is hardly any traffic.~!

My hand again pushed against the now quite sodden linen slacks pushing the wetness against my flesh and making a soft wet sound that made my tummy contract. I could not help myself and another spurt came out, soaking through easily now, pushing between my fingers, hot, wet, sweet-salty moisture, and I brought my watery to my lips and sucked the taste from my fingers before returning it to my soggy crotch. This time I snaked my hand under my waistband of my slacks and panties so my fingers could find my soft, drenched pubes. My finger tangled in the soaked hairs before stroking the soft line between my puffy pussy lips. Worried now that I would cause an accident

I pulled over and stopped on wide shoulder of the road under a tree while my finger tip slid between the tight lips and felt the hot wet slick dripping core of me, my longest finger sliding in easily almost knuckle deep! ~! Damn it felt good and I let myself shoot out another jet of pee, past the finger, soaking my hand and the pants beyond them, bursting through to soak the duvet underneath me.

By now I was lost in the feelings I was experiencing and no longer cared who might see me~! One hand slid beneath my top and played with a rosy erect nipple while the other rubbed my clit and slid inside me. I felt the tension build quickly and gave myself up to an amazing orgasm, the contractions of which pushed hard on my bladder allowing the last of my hot wet pee to gush out, soaking quickly into the duvet, some of it spilling onto the rubber mat by my feet~!. As the last of the orgasm faded and I sat there panting and gasping and so lost in that rosy post orgasm feeling I became aware that some distance away an old man was watching me. Although unable to see anything in the car, I wonder what he thought. I gained my breath, smiled, waved and drove on my way, occasionally moving my butt to prolong the great wet warm feeling as long as I could.

When I got back to the guest house I was glad it was dark so I could walk quickly inside as there was no way to hide my wet crotch, butt and sopping duvet. I soaked the duvet in the shower and hung it outside my window, figuring if asked I would simply say I needed to wash it as is pilled some cool drink on it while driving~!

Then I got in the shower with my clothes still on, as I could tell my bladder had not completely emptied, and I allowed the wonderful warm wet pee to trickle out until I was completely emptied, then I stripped off the wet clothes, and popped them into the wash machine in the laundry room before enjoying my own hot shower and then getting ready for a sated, happy tired sleep~!

Anyway, I have to head back (am sitting here at the farm-stall with its wi-fi spot here along a dusty untarred road~!

Kisses and hugs and all things nice~!

