T and I. More in the cabin!

28th September 2012, 06:00 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Following on from Friday, with Anu, Armas, T and myself.

Some of you may find this a little long, but I could not leave anything out.

Saturday morning T and I were up and in the sauna by 10.30. We had something to eat and it was warm outside, so I said to T that I was going to put a pair of shorts on and sit outside and read for a while. It was not long before T came out in her bikini bottoms and sat next to me.

Around mid-day T asked if I would like some coffee and as she got up Anu and Armas came around the side of the cabin, and they were not alone. They were with another couple.

They introduced us and T said that she was making coffee would they like a cup? To which they all said that they would. T came out with the coffee some minutes later and we all sat there talking.

The other couple are from Estonia, but they now work and live in Finland. Their names are Katre and Ott. Ott is quite tall lean and in his late thirties.

Whilst Katre is also in her mid thirties and well, I can only describe her as tallish with a beautiful body and looks to match, she is gorgeous. I have to admit that I could not take my eyes off of her for a while.

We all sat there chatting for almost an hour when Anu suggested that we should all go for dinner that evening, to which we readily agreed.

T then said with a smile that we should not drink so much tonight. Ott said that they had heard from Armas and Anu as to what happened last night, Katre said it sounds as though you all had a nice evening.

Anu and Armas had said nothing to T and I that they were expecting company on Saturday, apparently it had been arranged for some time. I thought that it was a shame as T and I was looking forward to more fun with Anu and Armas during that weekend.

During that saturday afternoon Anu came back to our cabin with a bottle of wine. She then proceeded to tell T and I as to why Katre and Ott were there.

She then told us that she and Armas had told Katre and Ott everything that we did the night before, leaving nothing out. It turns out that the four of them have been wife swapping for sometime, that is why the four of them were there for the weekend, to have some fun.

T and I said it's ok no problem. No no, Anu said. We were wondering if you would both like to join in with us. I can recall T's eyes lit up at the suggestion, well, if I am truthful so did mine, lol.

Anu then went on to say that although she and Armas had played some pee games Katre was not that keen but Ott was as he had always wanted to try it.

T then asked were they willing to swap and mix partners, to which Anu replied yes they are all for it.

I said that both T and I enjoy our peeing games, Anu said that she and Armas did also and that they had enjoyed our peeing games on the Friday night on the way home. She also said that Ott said that he wished he was there. Armas had said to Anu that he hoped we would have some more fun on the way home tonight.

I then said that we cannot if Katre will not join in our peeing games as it would be unfair for her. Anu said that Katre was not against it, she is just not sure what it would feel like being peed over. I said we did not have to do that if she wished not to.

Anu then said that Katre gets a little more daring after a drink or two. So we left it at that and Anu returned to her cabin.

We had arranged to meet at their cabin at 19.30 again, which we did.

Ott saw us coming and had already opened the door for us, he shook my hand and gave T a kiss on both cheeks, as did Anu and Armas. Then We all sat and shared a bottle of wine, well, maybe two bottles, lol.

Armas, Ott and I were wearing jeans and shirts. T wore a fairly low cut black top with a pair of tight white jeans, she looked good enough to eat, lol. Anu had on a blue top and a nice matching blue mini skirt that complimented her figure, she looked really nice. Katre was wearing a yellow low cut top that made her blonde hair and blue eyes pop right out at you. She had a light blue skirt on that was not too short, but just short enough.

Before we even left the cabin I felt so horny just thinking of what may happen later during the evening (on the Sunday morning T had said to me that she had also felt really horny before we left).

We left for the restaurant at about 20.45 and took a slow stroll along the wooded path.

By 22.30 we had finished our meals and had drunk three bottles of wine, and then we ordered some beers and some shorts for the ladies. We did not leave the restaurant until around midnight.

During the evening the conversation was light and amusing, we had many laughs at some of the experiences that we had all encountered. At some point Anu and Armas touched on our peeing game on the way home the evening before. Katre asked if we peed on each other, we said no, but some of our pee had splashed one another. Katre just said oh!

Anu said to T that she had said to Katre earlier that evening that she was not going to pee during the evening, she was going try and hold it until we were on the way home. T then repeated this to me, so we were waiting to see if Katre went to the bathroom whilst we were out.

When we left for the walk home Katre had not gone to the bathroom, not one of us did. It was at that point that I thought that Katre was maybe up for a peeing game on the way home.

We had reached the edge of the wooded path that led to the cabins and we were laughing at something Armas had said. Anu said, stop, listen! So we all stopped and listened intently. Then we heard it, that familiar hissing sound. We all looked at Anu and she was standing there with her skirt lifted around her waist legs apart peeing through her panties, but it stopped after a few seconds and we all laughed at her little prank.

We walked a little further and T said, I really need to pee very soon. Armas said that he did too. Anu then suggested that we all strip off and have a pee. T had a little trouble getting out of her tight jeans, so Armas knelt and took them off whilst T held onto his shoulders. Ott was out of his jeans and underwear in no time. We were all bottomless except for Armas who was just slipping T's panties from her feet, he then stripped off.

T then went to the side of the path and lay there with her feet up towards her ass, her knees were bent upward with her legs apart exposing her lovely swollen pussy. Anu and Katre were lying next to her in the same position. Armas knelt at the bottom of T's feet; Ott was on his knees at Anu's feet and I was kneeling in between Katre's feet.

T then said to Armas, pee over my pussy, he got hold of his cock and aimed it at T's glistening pussy and started to pee.

Anu said to Ott that if he wanted he could pee over her also. Katre was watching Ott and Armas pee over T and Anu. Although Katre was a little apprehensive she said to me, pee over me just a little. I aimed my cock at her naked pussy and let out a little burst and with a quick adjustment I was peeing over her clitoris.

Anu, T, Ott and Armas were by now in full flow peeing over one another. I said to Katre just relax and let it go, she started slowly at first, then she begun to gush all over me, oh that beautiful hissing noise, it sounded great coming from the three of them.

When I knew Katre was in full flow I started to pee over her lovely wet glistening pussy and she did not object, in fact she opened her legs wider and lifted her ass up a little.

When Ott had finished peeing he stood up and held his cock and moved up to Anu's chest, she sat up and took his cock in her mouth and started to suck at it.

Armas then saw what Ott was doing and he also stood up and T sat up and sucked his cock dry.

Katre said oh well I might as well join in, so I stood up over her chest and she took my cock in her hand and guided it into her mouth where she started to lick underneath it at first and gradually she slipped it into her mouth little by little until was all the way in.

I saw Anu lay down again and Ott was now sucking and licking at her gleaming wet pussy. I got back down on my knees and positioned myself between Katre's legs and started to gently lick at her and then I begun to stick my tongue in and out of her lovely soaking wet vagina, it tasted so good I did not want to stop.

T was still licking and sucking at Armas's stiff cock. When she knew she had every last drop from his cock she then lay down and he licked and sucked every last drop of pee from her.

It was Katre who suggested that we get back to the cabin and have a shower and a drink or two. We all agreed at this. Then Anu said that she was going to fuck all three of us in turn when we got back, to which T and Katre looked at each other and Katre said, that's exactly what T and I were thinking, and they both laughed.

We got up from the soaking wet ground and we were all soaked to the skin. Our shirts were saturated as were the girls tops and skirts.

T was the first to strip naked, followed closely by Katre, then we all took our remaining wet clothes off and walked at a steady pace to our cabin as it was a little larger than Anu's and Armas's place, plus it had two bedrooms and a sauna that worked, if we needed it, lol.

On the way back to our cabin Anu asked Katre and Ott if they had enjoyed being peed over and watching us all pee over one another. Katre replied yes it was a pleasant sensation, Ott said that he did and he would do it again. T then asked Katre if she would do it again, she replied yes she probably would after a drink or two. Well, that can be arranged said Ott, to which we all laughed.

Ott then said I need to pee again. T got hold of his cock and knelt in front of him. She aimed it into her mouth and he started to pee in her mouth, Anu then knelt down beside T and T aimed his cock and pee into her mouth, they both swallowed every last drop he had to give.

Katre said that she would like to do that but she did not know if she could. Would you like to try said Armas? Who knows you may enjoy it. I may do later she replied, it depends on how much we have to drink when we get back she said with a big smile.

