Nikki's Story Part 3

7th August 2012, 11:07 PM

Author: wetNwildbrian69

Location: South London (Sex: Male) Posts: 78

Her breathing eases, her body relaxes and slowly she goes limp. Her weight softly lowers into my arms as the tension in her back and legs releases. She squirms, twitches and giggles as I flick my tongue playfully across her sensitive snatch. After a little of this she recovers enough to sits up. She turns and lays herself down with me on the floor as we embrace.

The cold of the tiles contrasts to the warmth generated between us as we hug. We kiss gently and she nuzzles my neck as I deeply draw in the scent of her wet hair. I can sense her smiling, enjoying the way she breathes with satisfaction. Her eyes gaze up shyly happy; guiltily contented; fulfilled. She has released her tension, but my fire is still rising. Embracing her, I gently roll her onto her back - taking care to move my arms from behind her as she reclines. She draws breath with a stutter feeling the cold red tiles against her shoulders and her bum.

I am lie on my side leaning against her lifting myself with my forearm. My other hand gently probes between her legs. She knows what I want and generously welcomes me by bending a knee. She brings her feet towards her and opens her legs. I roll on top, and taking my dick in one hand, I rub it gently against her pussy. Her breathing deepens as she starts join me in my desire. I start each stroke with a push from my hips increasing the pressure gently each time. Then, one time, as I stroke down over her pubis I push a little harder - slipping over her clit, I gently enter.

I keep a my fist in place holding onto the base of my cock so I don't go all the way in. Starting slowly I gently thrust, relishing the feeling as my glans pop in and out of her yielding and closing flesh. She gasps and moans as I diddle around her opening. I keep this up for a few minutes as she gets wetter and her hips start to take up the rhythm. I hear the frustration in her breathing as I sense she wants all of me, but I keep myself back, regulated by my hand. Her head arches backwards and I see she is starting on a new orgasm. So I slow and push so the head of my cock goes in, and I leave it there, my fist holding the shaft reducing my length, my hand pushes against her. I let her heal around me knowing that there is capacity waiting above my pee-hole; waiting to be filled.

I decide to relax and bring my passion under control; I ease myself into a personal meditative state. I close my eyes and relax deeper, narrowing my concentration so I focus on one feeling and relax, relax, relax. After a short while of stillness, I start to feel the pee sensation rise as my waters are summoned, I try to stay relaxed but fail. As my pee rises, my cock twitches, my balls tighten and my asshole clenches. I feel an internal dribble but the quantity is not enough and it stops before it emerges. I am experienced with this and have learned to catch this feeling and immediately relax. Doing this, I can refocus my thoughts, releasing the tension from my scrotum and relax my sphincter. Then it starts. A short jet of pee shoots up and into her. She gasps. I repeat the mental exercise and another longer jet erupts into her. I feel the warmth around the top of my cock.

I take my hand away and wrap both arms around and under her. Taking my weight onto my knees, still keeping only the head of my penis in her like a cork. I take a good hold and thrust in deeply. I feel my pee erupt backwards as it is displaced by my pumping hardness. I feel it splash back onto the tops of my legs, I hear it splatter onto the tiles. I hold my cock deep inside, noticing how the smooth glide that was there before is replaced by a higher friction wetness.

She raises her legs around me and the angle changes and letting me go deeper into her, feeling the top of the inside of her legs against my hips, her warmth is comforting as she links her arms around my neck and I feel her calves against my back. She raises her hips and grinds herself closer into me, our pubic bones press against each other. We lie there briefly enjoying the sensation. I put my lips and teeth to her neck I nibble and nip her gently, pushing her chin up with my nose. I move to her ear and suck her ear lobes - breathing through my nose into her ear I know she feels the fingers of my breath reach behind her head. She shivers and giggles. I suggest she gets on top.

She unhooks one leg and lays it next to mine. I roll over, keeping tight hold of her. Like a well-rehearsed ballet we rotate as one and I end our pirouette lying on my back with her resting on my chest. All the time I stay in her, providing a stiff pole for her to dance around. I feel the cold piss in a pool on the floor as I slide my back and ass through it.

She pushes backwards with her hands pushing into the top of my body, grinding my shoulder blades into the tiles as she takes her weight on her hands and pushes her pussy down, she pulls her knees up so she is sitting. Sitting on me she absorbs me inside her body. She starts to raise herself slowly up, and drops herself quickly down. She rides me hard - up and down my cock reaching behind to tickle my balls, she continues for a few minutes. My passion rises and I move my hands from behind my head so I can hold her hips and add my strength to her thrusts.

After a while she slows and comes to rest, looking down at me and whispers, «pee again». This time because I am throbbing hard, it will be more difficult. I know how good it will be, so I will try but will need to relax. I close my eyes and still my brain. Mentally I detach and relax. I feel myself go calm, concentrating on relaxing the clench that has developed between my balls and my ass. As the tension releases, I concentrate on the muscles that control my bladder and push, relax, push again and then relax and pulse as I feel my cock jerk and a little pee rise. I relax again and shoot a jet of pee deep into her, I catch the automatic clench and as I relax my body and keep the valves open I let the flow start.

I keep relaxed and let go freely, feeling the flow pulsate as the blood pumps my cock synchronising the pressure changes with my racing heart. Her pussy fills up rapidly and I sense the pressure rise. One stream of pee starts to run backwards down the vein on the front of my shaft and runs onto my stomach. I feel the urine pooling , expanding and expanding until the surface tension breaks and it runs over my hip bone. I feel it as it quickly flows around my back to form a puddle around my bum.

Another stream, a smaller one this time, trickles down the long side of my dick following a hollow it finds beside the supplying hose, and runs downwards forming a rivulet flowing over the side of balls. I feel its slickety warmth as it trickles between the top of my legs and down forming a small water-fall over my asshole. Together we calmly hold our breath as we enjoy the sensation. It seems to last forever as my relaxation and comfort continue, but it is over too soon and as it slows and stops I find myself, bladder empty, lying in a large pool of my piss with Nikki on top.

She smiles, and slowly starts to ride me again. At first each plunge a little of the residual pee releases, some from me and some stored insider her. She feels wet and squeaky clean her movement pulls the skin back painfully on my cock on each down stroke. After a few thrusts her biology catches up and she lubricates our tryst so the sliding gets easier and more comfortable. She speeds up, reaching around, arching backwards against my cock; she licks her fingers throws her arm back and plunges her finger up my ass. I feel her long finger nail scratch me as it enters. I fight in vain to control myself but know what is happening uncontrollably and I feel a strange taste in the back of my mouth, my legs shake and I thrust my hips upwards my eyes roll and I cum, my balls tensing I feel my cock jerk around as I spurt my load into her cunt.

