The Birthday Present

2nd June 2009, 09:08 PM

Author: jervisp

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 20

This is a story I always hoped to find and read. As it seems it's never going to happen I decided to write it myself. My favourite fantasy!

Jan would often bring me coffee in bed on a Sunday morning. Today though, I got a nice breakfast, a birthday card, and some extra special attention.

«Happy birthday darling», Jan slid onto the bed alongside me, pecked me on the cheek and presented me with a small wrapped box.

«Cufflinks, they're lovely. Thank you», I said sleepily, and returned her kiss.

Jan's right hand slipped under the bedclothes.

«Mmm.. something woke up early down here I think», she purred softly. «What are you thinking about?»

I didn't reply, just rolled over to face her and kissed her, full on the mouth.

Her hand came up and she walked two fingers along my right shoulder; teasing with her best innocent voice.

«I bet I know»

She probably did. Jan knew everything about me, every little hang up, every foible and above all, exactly what turned me on more than anything in the world.

«Actually», she said, her fingers arriving at the nape of my neck. «That's not your only present I've got a lovely exciting surprise for you but I can't give it to you right now».

«Oh go on I said, don't tease like that», my curiosity aroused. I fantasised. Had she bought something outrageously extravagant?

«Nope, I'm not giving you any clues, but sometime this week I'll have a nice surprise for you».

I shook my head. We embraced and spent a blissful hour wrapped together in ecstasy.

Sunday came and went; I almost forgot what Jan had said in the morning. She never mentioned it again and - well, it was typical of her to be whimsical about such things.

The following evening I was driving home from work when the phone rang. Jan.

«Hi love what's up?» I asked.

«Darling, it's such a bore but I have to get to work early tomorrow to finish a report by nine, I've hardly started. Only my car's in for service and the train gets me in too late. Would you mind terribly giving me a lift in?»

«Sure, No problem. What time's early?»

«Oh about 6.30, I guess».

«OK»,

«Thanks love. Perfect, I can plan around that».

She worked on that evening and we shared a late supper.

The following morning we were up and about at six, and left in my car for Jan's office. She worked in insurance, on a business park on the edge of town.

The drive took us twenty minutes and as we pulled into the large shared car park we seemed to be the first to arrive. The light was just breaking.

«There you go», I smiled as I pulled up. «I guess I'll just have to go and find a coffee and a newspaper to kill an hour or so».

«Why don't you come on up» she said, «Have one in here, there'll be no one around for a couple of hours and you can keep me company».

That sounded a reasonable idea.

«Won't I stop you from working? I thought you had a report to get ready».

«Oh I'll be fine» she breezed, «Anyway I did actually get through a bit last night. Just making sure really».

We left the car and Jan fished out her office keys from her bag. The outside entrance was on a swipe card, through the lobby and up a flight of stairs to the first floor which her company leased as a regional branch office. There were five more floors above.

Inside was a spacious open plan office with low level partitions dividing numerous work-stations and a few executive offices with glazed screens and integral blinds.

Desktops were strewn with papers, files, computer leads, as well as personal effects, family photos, jokey signs, tissue boxes and other typical office paraphernalia.

Jan slung her bag across the back of her chair and sat down at her desk.

«Er.. coffee?», I reminded her.

«Tell you what», she said wistfully. «Let's skip the coffee for a moment. I think right now might be a good time to tell you about your extra special, super duper, bestest ever birthday present surprise».

Her eyes narrowed as they always did when she was up to something, a devious little smile played across her lips.

«Oh, right; actually that had gone out of my head. Have you been hiding it in here?» I said, looking around the silent office for clues.

«Not exactly; - come with me». She grabbed my hand and led me across the office, me following wilfully if slightly bemused.

We swung through a double door and out onto a tiled landing leading to a second stairway, where there was a lift and the door to the ladies toilet.

«In here» she said furtively, pushing open the outer door to the loo.

«Bloody hell» I exclaimed, «Sex in a cubicle? You do know how to get me going».

I was leering at her, becoming aroused at this sudden turn of events.

«Well, - if you like, - but that's not the reason we're here. Just have a look around».

Jan knew exactly what she was doing. She knew that my most intense fantasy revolved around this inner sanctum, where no man could encroach. The privacy of the ladies toilet and the fact that all I could ever do was to imagine what it was like in there.

She frequently indulged me with descriptions of the sights and sounds during our lovemaking but this was something else. She knew that being able to actually see inside this room would send me into an orbit of tummy turning excitement.

Through the outer door was an offset second door, providing 'modesty screening'. Once inside there were four cubicles running down the wall to my right, and opposite, a range of wash basins set into a full length vanity unit with mirrors above. The end wall facing me had a deep set obscured window and below it the wall was painted off white, the rest of the room was tiled in pale pink.

I was having difficulty standing on legs of jelly. I pushed open one of the cubicle doors and peered inside; a bin, the bowl, white with the plastic seat down, and a fresh roll on the holder. The smell was sweeter, more perfumed than you'd ever find in a gent's and there was a small bowl of flowers on the vanity unit.

Jan was staring at my face, enjoying the vicarious thrill.

I smiled back at her, «God I've dreamed of this».

«Well you just keep dreaming because we're not finished yet».

She kissed me and caressed my raging erection through the front of my suit.

Just then, she reached inside her jacket pocket and produced a cordless electric screwdriver.

«What the?» I was intrigued.

«Watch this» she said with a flourish and walked up to the end of the room.

I could see now, that to the right of the window was a sort of service duct, running along the end wall, with the last cubicle door frame fixed up against it about a foot from the window reveal.

Jan stuck out her tongue from the corner of her mouth and proceeded to engage a cupped screw in the corner of an access panel. A buzz from the battery and it was out and in her hand, quickly followed by three more.

I was looking into a void about three feet deep and the full height of the room behind the panel to the right of the window.

«I was in here last week» said Jan «and the panel had been taken out for maintenance. I had a quick look around and got the best idea ever for a birthday present; just have a look inside».

I stooped and entered the void cautiously. And it was then that I realised the possibilities to which Jan seemed to be alluding.

Inside the duct, extending from the open side of the room, behind the cubicle frame and into the cubicle itself, were three bands of slotted metal grilles. Instinctively I peered through the slots and saw an amazing vista open up before me.

There was a crystal clear view of the full length of the room from one side of the frame, and of the end cubicle itself from the other.

And what's more, from the darkness within, it was impossible to see me looking out, as Jan confirmed with a sigh of relief.

«Excellent», she breathed. «It works.»

She whispered softly. «How do you fancy spending a day in there?»

I was in an absolute head-spin. This was above and beyond. I was blinded by the thrill of anticipation but my head was dragging me back to reality.

«But, but I can't - look, I'm all dressed for work. I have to go in. I have meetings all day. People are expecting me».

«Not now silly. We need to plan first. I think Friday would be best. There are always people in the office but some spend part of the week on the road then come in on Fridays to do paperwork, and Fridays are often popular for lunchtime drinks?» Her voice went up in a question as if inviting me to imagine the consequences. She winked knowingly.

«Jan this is amazing. Errr Yeah... Friday's good.I think, I have nothing on. I could book it off » I was stammering helplessly as my thoughts raced away.

«Good. Come on out and I'll close this up. We have some preparation to think through, but Friday is going to be the most exciting day you've ever had in your life!»

I wasn't much good to anyone for the rest of that Tuesday. My mind was elsewhere and the urge to rub myself furtively at every invading thought of what I might be about to experience, was uncontrollable.

Thankfully Jan was thinking for two.

That evening at home she behaved quite normally until supper was out of the way and then she sat me down on the sofa, and nestled closely alongside.

«How do you like your birthday present then?»

«You don't need me to answer that» I replied sheepishly. «It's just my perfect fantasy».

«I know that» said Jan, «Now - lets indulge it a little shall we? And we can make some plans while we're about it. «What would you like to know?»

«Tell me exactly what's going to happen» I closed my eyes in ecstasy. «You're in charge. I just want to be told what to do».

«Well.» started Jan. «I suppose this morning was a little dress rehearsal. The timing can be just the same. We'll get to the office well before anyone arrives. I'll take you upstairs and see you safely into your little hidey hole. Then I'll put the panel back just like I did earlier, except this time I'll be leaving you in there.

Once you're in though, that's it. Committed; no going back; so you'll have to be confident that you'll be happy in there all day. It won't be the most comfortable place to be».

«I think 'happy' goes without saying» I answered quickly. But there were a couple of things playing on my mind.

«You said the panel was off for maintenance last week, what if that happened again?»

«Don't worry. It was routine. Every six months or so, they do some checks on the valves or whatever in there. It won't happen again for ages, and anyway, all the time I've worked there I've never seen it off before. It just won't happen. Of course if the place goes up in flames or a hi-jacked plane hits the building, we might have a bit of a problem. Let's just work on the assumption that that won't happen either shall we?»

Her tone was playful and she was putting me at ease, which in turn was heightening my arousal.

«You can take a small stool and a sleeping bag to lie down on. It needn't be too uncomfortable. You'll need some water and something to pee in».

She had all the practicalities worked out.

«You can have your phone to text me on silent of course, but one rule absolutely no filming. I just don't trust there not to be lights flashing unexpectedly.

«Sometime after 5.30, there should be no-one left at work. I'll make sure I'm last to leave and I'll let you out as soon as I'm alone. Then you can tell me all about your adventure».

It was all just so simple. With a little help from my wonderfully understanding wife I was going to spend a day, effectively invisible; - inside a ladies toilet!

«Of course there's no guarantee that anyone in particular will use that end cubicle. I guess it's a one in four chance». She was reeling in my enthusiasm, preparing me for a certain amount of frustration.

«I know», I said «I'd thought of that. But would it be possible for you to swing the odds a little by taking out most of the loo roll in the other three before you leave me? If it runs out quickly there might be a bit of switching around».

Jan grinned. «Blimey, you're way ahead of me. Good idea. But at some point the cleaner will be in replacing it. I'll see what I can do.»

«Anyway», I replied, Just being able to see girls walk into the room to use the loo is a fantasy in itself. The lottery that goes with it will just raise the thrill level».

As we rolled onto the floor entwined together, Jan's pulse quickened, aroused by her ability to hit the raw nerves of my favourite fetish.

«Tell me what's going to happen» I whispered in her ear as I slipped my clammy hand beneath her T shirt and under her bra.

«Well» she said softly, eyes narrowed again, «the first arrivals usually start rolling into work at around 8.15. Between then and nine the office will fill up. There are about fifty people altogether and well over half are women and girls.

«Usually there'll be a bit of a clamour around the kitchen, making tea and coffee, or at the water cooler. The chat will be about husbands, boyfriends, and last night's telly. You know the sort of stuff».

«Tell me about the girls».

«I'd say there's quite a variety as you'd expect in an office with that many women. Don't forget that loo can also serve the other wing of the office; it's a recruitment agency, with lots of graduates. I see a few of them in there. They do have another toilet inside their office though so it's just an occasional overflow for them»

I hadn't forgotten because she hadn't told me. This was just getting better and better.

«Most are between twenty and forty, some smart, some casual; I'd say quite a high proportion of nice looking girls».

I had actually seen some of Jan's colleagues at works functions and I knew that she wasn't overstating the point.

«Are Fay and Marie still there?» I was remembering the Xmas dinner dance, lusting after a couple of gorgeous twenty-somethings.

«Yes, and Lisa, the girl I told you about working her gap year with me, and I think you'd like Julie. She's definitely your type, slim, pretty, long blonde hair, good dress sense, and such a fun girl to be around; not that you'll necessarily appreciate that from any little meeting you're likely to have with her!» She smiled sexily and caressed my thigh.

«And at some time during the day they're all going to need the loo», I ventured.

«Oh yes. That's absolutely for sure. You'll hear the door closer click as the office door opens onto the stair well. Then you'll probably hear footsteps across the landing and the outer door push open. The inside door will be next and you'll be there in your secret place to see them enter where only women are allowed. Then, well, I'll just let your imagination run from there.»

Jan groaned as I climaxed urgently against her leg. She had me in her hands like putty.

The hours dragged slowly over Wednesday and Thursday.

On Thursday evening I signed off at work for a day's leave. Once home I couldn't eat. My stomach was in knots.

Jan was acutely aware of the state I was in and she was enjoying it immensely.

«Just twelve more hours» she teased, winding up the tension all the while.

I decided to go to bed early, believing that sleep would make the morning come quickly, but I only slept fitfully, dreaming of things which hadn't even happened, my brain offloading the fantasies it had dreamed up over the previous three days.

I had actually fallen asleep early the next morning when I felt Jan shake me gently at six. She stood over me, already dressed for work, with a pleasant smile and a rolled up sleeping bag under one arm.

«Come on sleepy head. You haven't changed your mind I assume?»

I leapt out of bed, fully alert in seconds. I showered and dressed in no time at all.

«OK. Checklist» said Jan with an air of military efficiency. «Drinks, containers, stool, sleeping bag, phone - silent? - Show me» she demanded, and I let her inspect the display. «OK, get in the car, let's go».

At last the waiting was almost over.

As we pulled into the car park at 6.45 there was another car parked. I radiated panic.

«It's ok - I know that car, he works upstairs. There's none of our people around, not this early».

Once again Jan swiped the outer door and we were inside, up the outer stair and into the office.

As we passed through the open plan I noted some of the photographs on desks. Couples were posing on holiday or on special occasions. I took in what the women in the pictures looked like. Jan gave me a little guided tour. We had plenty of time.

«This is Julie's desk». I slid open a drawer to see a packet of sweets and a box of aspirin and some tissues. Little personal things which gave the name some identity.

«Who's this» I asked, picking up a photograph of a good looking couple which looked like it had been taken in a restaurant or club on holiday. The girl wore a tight yellow strapless top and a short white skirt, which accentuated her golden tan. Her long dark hair was loosely crimped and her pretty face was smiling an attractive white smile.

The guy was fit and tanned and he had his left arm around her shoulder.

«That's Rebecca» said Jan, «Do you like her?»

«Obviously» I answered, swallowing hard, «she looks gorgeous.»

«That's taken in Thailand last year. They're engaged, getting married next year sometime. I keep telling her she's too young for that, - she's just 21».

We toured more desks, and Jan filled me in with descriptions of the occupants, allowing my mind's eye to build a picture of a typical office scene.

«I think we'd better get on with this don't you?» said Jan, eventually.

We went through onto the middle landing and I noticed the door opposite leading to the other wing. I hadn't taken it in previously.

Jan led the way into the loo, looking at me straight in the eyes as she pushed the door open. Here we were again. I felt electricity tingling all over my body as Jan quickly went to work. Once the panel was out I pushed my things inside and crawled in behind them.

Jan kissed me, long and hard on the lips. «Have fun darling» and the space went dark as the panel door was replaced.

I heard the whirr of the screwdriver as it locked me away inside.

I looked through the grille as Jan once again checked the view from the room side.

«Absolutely no way you can be seen» she reassured me. «Just relax and enjoy yourself. Oh, and do try to save some for later - fat chance I suppose!» She laughed knowingly.

Then she walked into the farthest cubicle, out of sight, and emerged with a good handful of toilet roll. She did the same in two and three and then entered mine, number four. I could see her clearly as she checked that the roll was completely full.

She blew me a kiss, «That should tip the balance a bit. See you later», and with a little wave, she was gone, I heard the doors closing and for the first time, an eerie quietness took over. The girly, sweet, feminine atmosphere was just exquisite.

I had plenty of room to move around and my eyes soon adjusted to the darkness. I took stock of my surroundings and spread the sleeping bag along the length of the void. I set the stool down at one end and peered through the grille into the silent room.

By positioning myself more or less on the frame of the cubicle I had a perfect view to the entrance and down the length of the wash basins, and just by moving my head to the other side of the frame, I was inside the last cubicle. The door stood slightly ajar as Jan had left it.

As if that wasn't enough, there was even a grille at floor level which allowed me to look underneath the range of cubicles to see all four at once, for six inches or so under the spaces below the partitions.

I couldn't ask for more and I settled down to enjoy the moment, feeling a rush of anticipation.

The light was growing and the window frame sent a sharp shadow across the floor.

7.15. Another hour and we should start to hear some life in the outside world.

The minutes passed slowly. The only sound was a distant murmur of traffic. The light grew and finally, at exactly eight o'clock I heard a car pull into the car park below the window, quickly followed by one or two more. My heart pounded.

I could hear or sense nothing in the building for a short while then after five or ten minutes I began to get a hint of voices from beyond the outer corridor.

The rush of adrenalin hit me like a tidal wave as suddenly, fantasy began turning into reality.

The voices grew gradually more prominent as cars continued to roll up, engines were cut and doors slammed closed.

The office was starting its day.

I sat quietly, waiting for events to take their course. Nothing was happening. Half an hour went by, «Surely someone needs the toilet out there», I thought impatiently.

I had the strange sensation of everything taking too long and yet having the absolute certainty that something had to happen sometime!

And then suddenly at 8.45, I heard the door to the landing. Click Clack Click, and the outside door of the ladies, squealed softly on its hinge blowing ajar the inner door momentarily before it too swung open. A girl of about twenty five, still in her coat, and bag in hand, walked towards me and faced the mirror about five feet from my eye. She had shoulder length auburn hair, black trousers and black low heels. The coat was a beige rain mac. She loosened her coat but didn't take it off as she placed her bag on the unit and took out a hair brush.

She brushed through her hair for a minute or so, arching her neck to one side to help the angle, then took out a small make up bag and touched up her lipstick. Pushing her face forward to the mirror to check for smears, she popped the stuff back into her bag, turned and left the room.

Strangely, I felt no frustration. «Just a teaser» I thought. «There must be plenty more to come». I was feeling a little anxious when it all went quiet again and all I could here was the indistinct hum of the office with a phone trilling now and again, and printers churning out paper.

Eventually that exciting sound of the office door sounded again. The toilet door opened and I felt a rush of air on my cheek. A dark haired woman of about thirty entered. She wore a straight blue skirt and a grey blouse. She quickly glanced in the mirror and pushed open the third cubicle, one away from me.

The door slammed shut and I heard the bolt slide home. Here we go.

I quickly dropped to the floor where I could see her shoes face the toilet roll as she tore off a strip. Then she turned, her back to the bowl, a rustle of clothes, and I could see her ankles relax as she sat down. The sound was sublime as she tinkled loudly into the water. As it faded, her feet shifted and I could hear her wipe, then her knickers and tights being pulled up. A flush and she was out at the wash basin where I could watch her wash her hands, which she did quite thoroughly.

As she dried her hands the door swung open. I hadn't heard the approach above the flush of the loo.

«Hi Laura», said the first lady, «Morning Margaret» said the second as she moved inside. «How are you this morning?» She was young, no more than twenty, quite tall and pencil slim, with straight black hair, shorter at the back, in the fashion, and an incredibly pretty face with a milky white complexion. She wore a red tank top over a white blouse, straight black jeans, cut tight and tucked inside an alluring pair of red boots with high heels, wide and folded over at the calf.

Laura made for the same cubicle as Margaret and my heart missed a beat.

«Oh, it's out of paper in there love» chirped Margaret.

«Oh right, ok.» said Laura as Margaret pulled open the inner door and left the room.

I held my breath as Laura, now left alone, emerged from number two and; joy of joys, turned right rather than left.

I watched hungrily as she pushed open the door directly in front of me, closed and locked it, standing just inches from me in full view.

Her hands went to her large belt buckle as she half turned towards me, looking down into the bowl.

As she turned her back on the toilet she started to bend forward, at the same time pushing down her tight jeans. I was centre mid height as I watched her white body from the waist down reveal itself in profile. As she sat down on the bowl, her jeans were at mid thigh, stretched across her open legs. Her knickers were brief, white and lacy. I could see the gusset exposed, as I listened to a rush of piss hiss against the front of the porcelain. She stared forward vacantly then gave a wide yawn. Her soft hands with their perfect nails nestled in her lap. She shifted slightly as her pee trailed off and she reached for the toilet roll with both hands.

Then she lifted her bottom from the seat, half standing as I continued to watch from side on. Her right hand went between her legs and as she wiped my view was obscured. But as she dropped the paper into the bowl and again turned forty five degrees, I had a short but perfect view of a young girl's neat and natural pubic hair framing the faint outline of her delicious slit as it disappeared between her long slender legs. She fished her white lacy knickers from her jeans and pulled them up tight. Her perfect pussy was concealed behind the smooth silky fabric. Then up with her jeans, bending both knees to get them up snugly. Her buckle was done up, a flush, and a check it was all gone, and she left the cubicle to wash her hands at the mirror. A quick flick of her hair, checking her appearance and she dried, then exited the room, leaving me back in the quiet darkness, glowing with pleasure.

I had a whole day of this bliss to come.

I sat there waiting patiently for the next click of the noisy door closer and after about ten minutes, there it was again.

This time I could here female voices; two of them. I couldn't make out what was being said until once more, the air blew on my cheek as they breezed in.

I quickly registered their appearance.

The first was of medium build, I'd say over thirty, the second slightly younger and slimmer, neat light brown hair, better looking.

The first wore a red flared skirt and a short mauve jacket over a red jumper, the second, grey dressy trousers with a white and black paisley patterned blouse.

«I never thought she had it in her» said the first to the second, «She really told him».

«Oh I always knew she hid her light» said the second. It was just idle gossip about a mutual acquaintance ditching some guy. It was nevertheless fascinating to me, just for the setting.

The first woman paused at cubicle number one, continuing her chatter, the second stood arms folded, back to the wash basins. «I really think she fancies Jack in accounts. It wouldn't surprise me if she made a move pretty soon».

«I doubt it» said number two dismissively, «she's not the type to risk breaking up a relationship. Anyway, I must go in here, I'm bursting». That last phrase was so exciting as I was hearing how women talk when they're alone together.

She entered cubicle 3 and the door locked. I watched the shoes beneath the partitions as they took position and the stereo sound of pee hitting water was sweet music as the conversation subsided momentarily.

«Oh hell there's no paper» I heard number two exclaim. «Can you chuck some over Beth?»

«Actually, there's not much here either», said the first. «Hang on till I've finished and I'll get you some».

The feet in number 1 parted slightly, I couldn't here much of a rustle but she turned and flushed and left the cubicle while the other girl sat motionless.

The first girl walked up to my end and entered number 4 stripping off a few sheets and passing them under the partition to number 3. «Thanks Beth».

This time there was a clear sound of wiping and clothes being rearranged as I watched her feet move around in position to flush, then the door opened and she walked forward to the mirror.

«God I needed that» said girl 2.

«Well you will do three cups of coffee in the first hour» said Beth.

«Got to wake up somehow» she replied smiling.

There was more chit chat as they washed their hands and waited in turn to dry at the roller towel before clicking back across the landing to work.

An hour gone, five visits and one full view.

Another quiet spell followed. It was all of twenty minutes. I heard the office door move twice but no-one entered the loo and I wondered who was doing what out there. Using the lift perhaps?

Then it sounded for a third time. I had developed a pavlovian reaction to the sound of high heels ringing on the tiled landing, and my heart beat loud in my chest once more.

This time it wasn't a false alarm and in walked a smart young woman of about thirty. She was dressed in a dark grey business jacket over a white blouse, open to the top of her ample cleavage. The matching skirt was tight, knee length with a vent at the back.

No hesitation this time, she came straight through to enter the end cubicle, my cubicle, and turned on her high black heels to bolt the door.

Yes yes yes yes yes! My head spun as I gorged on the sight before my eyes.

I dropped quickly to a lower view, side on.

Her hands reached to the side of her skirt and she pulled it up swiftly to bunch around her waist.

She was wearing natural coloured tights, very fine, and I could plainly see the seams at the top hugging tight white panties below.

Her thumbs went to the waistband and she pushed them down. I waited for her to sit, but she didn't. She squatted, feet apart quite wide, with her tights and knickers bridging her thighs, her bottom hovering about nine inches above the seat. I could see the creases on her skin where her underwear had hugged her. From my level I found myself looking up at a soft mass of pubic hair between her perfect thighs.

Her elbows rested on her knees and I had a clear view as a hissing jet of pale green pee flowed from between her legs into the bowl. Straight, true and very loud.

Her blonde hair hung loosely forward, obscuring her face from view, but as she went for the toilet roll she flicked it back out of the way. I hadn't quite registered her face earlier, but I could see now that she was not at all unattractive. I speculated. She was most likely a PA or perhaps a manager.

The pee trailed away and I saw the left hand come under to give a long lazy wipe, the lips parting slightly as she stayed in position, pushing the paper up and between to dry thoroughly. What a view!

She stood up straight and without turning, pulled up her plain white pants, not too big but soberly sensible, followed by the silky tights with the familiar leg bend to get them up tight and close.

Then the skirt was pushed down. It was quite tight and she had to smooth it with the flat of her hand to ensure it was straight.

Just as she slid open the bolt, she seemed to have a second thought and raised the front of the skirt again slightly, just to give a final tug on the front of her tights. Then it was over to the wash basins, to wash and dry.

As she left the room I saw her right hand give a final smooth down at the back of her skirt and she glanced back over her shoulder lifting the heel of her right shoe to inspect it.

I lay back and reeled with pleasure at what I had just seen.

And so the morning moved on.

The butterflies I felt every time I heard the landing door click open never failed.

There must have been a steady stream of girls coming and going although there were periods of inactivity from time to time. I guess that was just to be expected.

I nursed a huge erection but continued to resist the urge to come, just to prolong the excitement.

The cleaner came in at about 10.15. She was a small girl in her twenties, whom I heard someone refer to as Magda.

She mopped and dried the floors, wiped the surfaces, changed the towel and, as Jan had predicted, changed the toilet rolls. So my little scheme was neutralised.

She hadn't been gone long when I felt a buzz in my right hand pocket. It was a text from Jan.

«I'm coming to see you».

The door swung open and Jan entered, quickly checked that she was alone, and entered the end cubicle.

She sat down on the seat and leaned forward to the grille.

«How you doing in there?» she smiled at me.

«Brilliant». I replied in a raised whisper. «God Jan - I've died and gone to heaven!»

«Listen» she whispered urgently. «I was just with Julie and she was taking a call from a customer. She was really agitated so I asked her under my breath what was wrong. Then she put her hand over the mouthpiece and mouthed at me that she was dying for the loo and couldn't get away. So I told her that's exactly where I was going. She should be here any minute so I thought I'd go in number two. The chances are she won't want to crowd me, so if she leaves a gap between us she should use this one».

I felt my heart beat so hard I was afraid it was actually becoming audible. «OK sounds good, what's she wearing?»

«Tight black skirt, just below the knee, and a black and white stretchy halter top.» Jan knew that that description would stir any part of me which remained unstirred; which wasn't much!

Jan stood up and left me, quickly taking her place in the second cubicle.

I could see her feet as she sat down on the toilet, and heard her peeing softly. She obviously needed to go anyway. She didn't move as the sound died away, but just kept sitting there.

Clunk! I heard the outer door and a loud clicking of heels on the tiled landing floor.

The rush of air, and the inner door was open and there before me was the sexiest sight I'd seen all morning.

She was about five feet nine, straw coloured hair tumbling over her shoulders, a small pretty face with baby blue eyes. Her top was drawn in at the waist and sat just above the belt of her straight black skirt which accentuated her figure, and tapered to her shapely calves. Her shoes were black, with a gold buckle, a slight platform and a strap around the ankle.

Julie teetered into the room, almost running, at least as much as her skirt would allow; she took a quick check at the red indicator bolt on number two.

«Is that you in there Jan?» she called in a sweet mellifluous voice.

«Yeah it's me, you finally got away then?»

«Good grief, I thought he would never stop talking», said Julie, «I was almost on the point of putting the phone down on him. I thought I'd have an accident right there».

By now she was down at my end and the plan was working. She pushed open the door to my cubicle and turned to bolt it shut.

I stroked myself vigorously, my excitement raised to new levels by Jan's preparation and the fact that Julie was a stunning looking girl.

«Just let me in here» said Julie, to no-one in particular, as she grabbed the sides of her skirt urgently.

She was bare legged and as the skirt came up she reached underneath and with a single stroke pulled down a cute little pair of pink panties edged with white lace trim and a tiny silk bow on the front waistband. They rested mid thigh as Julie sat with legs together and released a sudden deluge of hissing pee into the bowl.

I glance up at her face and she closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip before emitting a sensuous low moan.

«Oh my God, what a relief», she breathed,

Jan piped up, «Sounds like someone just made it in time»

«Too bloody right», said Julie, leaning forward with her elbows on her thighs, as the stream continued to hit the water below. «I couldn't have lasted one more minute». Her thighs were together but her lower legs splayed out from the knee as her high heels sat about a foot apart.

As she eventually tailed off she spread her thighs and looked between her legs. I caught a glimpse of the top of her pubic hair, short and flat and naturally blonde.

As she finished she stood up before reaching for the toilet roll.

Her short top was riding high and I could see her tummy, flat and tight, her belly button pierced with a short silver chain.

With her skirt bunched up it was a little difficult to make out her pussy, but as she turned her back to strip off the toilet roll she hitched it further up. As she struggled to find the end, she leaned forward and I had the most fantastic view of her peachy white bum, and her delicious vulva between the tops of her perfect thighs. The line of her slit parted slightly around her vagina, showing the thin pink protrusion of wet inner lips.

There was pee clinging to the sparse hair between her legs and I saw her hand reach below to wipe along the line.

Then she turned to face me, legs apart, knickers stretched across her thighs. This time I could see perfectly. The blonde pubes were waxed to a thin vertical line and her outer lips were plainly visible, nipped tight together to form a perfect crease. As the used paper was dropped into the bowl, she reached down to slide her knickers back up, the front lacy panel taking the shape of her fanny and the thin band at the back disappearing between her cheeks.

Her hands started to push down the tight skirt and she smoothed it into place, front and back, before flushing and sliding open the bolt.

I finally ejaculated with a surge of involuntary shuddering, just managing to suppress an audible groan of pleasure.

Jan was already out and washing her hands and the two of them chatted their girly chat

, quietly at the vanity unit. I heard little of what was being said as my body came down from its ultimate high, but I watched avidly as Julie opened the inner door ahead of Jan, and they both left the room. As Jan made her exit, I saw her glance back towards me with a sexy smile and a barely perceptible wink.

Lunchtime was a highlight. I had anticipated a flurry of activity leading up to the midday break but it never materialised.

There were only two visits between 12 and 12.30, neither of whom used my cubicle.

I heard voices in the car park as a number of people left the office for a walk into town, a trip to the local sandwich shop or, being Friday, a couple of drinks down the pub.

Upstairs things were very quiet as the office emptied for an hour or so.

At about 1.20 I began to hear the voices outside below me again as the staff gradually returned to work.

Indistinct conversations and the occasional laugh, both male and female, filled the air as the Friday feeling took hold.

As the general hubbub moved inside, I listened hard for footsteps on the landing. It didn't take long.

A group of giggling girls burst in, pushing and shoving each other in mock indignation. There were six of them and they were playing musical chairs for who got to pee first.

Amongst them I recognised Fay who had attracted my attention when we shared a table at the firm's Christmas dinner.

Amid cries of «me first» and «oh no please don't make me wait» the four cubicles were quickly occupied while two girls were left outside, including Fay who was laughing raucously and pushing her hands between her legs.

«Oh God, why didn't I go before we left?» I heard her cry.

I watched keenly on the other side of the frame, inside the cubicle, as a young girl who didn't look a day over twenty, loosened her belt and unzipped her jeans. She was wearing a black roll neck jumper that clung to her figure, giving spectacular shape to her perfect boobs.

The jeans came down with a pair of black silk knickers as she bent forward in a high squat, hands on her knees.

I could see the double lining of her gusset as it was turned inside out and could clearly make out a smear of white crusty stain.

Her position allowed a clear view of her thick stream of clear piss, and by dropping to the lower level of grille and to the back of my dark space, I found myself looking up and under between her legs, to the source of the flow. The lips were parted slightly as the stream faded away to a few dribbles. There was a bang on the door. «Oh please hurry Jenny» called Fay. Jenny wiped and opened the cubicle door while still pulling up her jeans.

Fay pushed passed her. I looked her up and down and remembered how much I had fancied her that night back in December.

She'd been with a guy she'd just met and I recalled how envious I'd been of him being able to spend that night with her in their hotel room.

She was no less attractive right now, and I massaged my throbbing cock whilst staring at her straight blonde shoulder length hair cut in a fringe, and her loose linen shirt which was so thin her lacy white bra beneath was plainly visible.

She was wearing a short flared red skirt which she flipped up to reach for a pair of small pink plain knickers underneath. I was in rapture.

The pants came down and she held the skirt over her forearms as it tried to flop back into place. As she gathered it at the front her gorgeous arse was in clear view and she bent forward with her arms on her thighs.

From slightly behind her I watched her cheeks part revealing a fleshy plump vulva and tiny pink puckered bum hole, which pushed itself out as her pee started to flow.

Like the previous girl, the lunchtime lager had made her pee stream clear.

Looking forward, between her legs I stared at her stretched panties bridging the space between her knees; again I could make out faint staining on the crotch.

«Phew», said Fay, mainly to herself.

I paid little attention to outside the cubicle, but more women had entered the loo and it was becoming quite crowded.

To my surprise Fay didn't wipe, she just stood straight and hoisted her knickers up and into position, the gusset catching whatever drips remained. She flicked her loose skirt forward and down and pushed the handle to flush.

As she left, another woman entered. This was the busiest spell of the day.

She was older, about forty, but quite trim, with straight black trousers and a black cardigan over a white T shirt. Her hair was shortish and dark brown, and she wore glasses.

She sat down to pee, legs together and I thought that her performance was less spectacular than what I had seen before.

Nevertheless, here I was, watching a woman take a piss right in front of me without her knowing I was there, and I refused to be blas about it.

She wiped from behind, lifting her right cheek off the seat and reaching around with the paper. As she stood I had a nice look at her black triangle of thick pubic hair as it disappeared beneath a pair of lace fronted, yellow, deep sided knickers.

That was the last of the post lunch rush to use number four, but there were one or two more stragglers whose feet I watched with interest, including Laura from earlier and Marie the other girl I recognised from Christmas, whom I unfortunately missed out on seeing up close.

The traffic returned to a more even pace during the afternoon.

I had some repeats and one or two who had used other cubicles earlier, later use mine.

Among this group was Lisa, Jan's work experience girl. Just turned nineteen, she had recently finished school and was working part of her gap year to fund her travelling. It was difficult to be specific about what made Lisa so attractive. Petite, short black hair in a boyish cut, her china doll face was slightly serious with a pout of dark red lipstick. She was wearing a pair of skinny jeans and a blue green silky blouse with a long collar, open to the top of her small cleavage, showing off a large silver crucifix.

Earlier she had used number 1, but as she entered at about three in the afternoon, that cubicle was occupied, so she walked quickly up to the end and I gasped as she demurely walked into cubicle four and closed and locked the door.

Her jeans were quickly undone and she pulled them down from the side to mid thigh. She sat down and I had some difficulty seeing her knickers as they sat below the waistband of the jeans. She then arched her back and pushed her jeans slightly further down to show the thin strappy fabric of a tiny red thong.

The pee hit the ceramic of the bowl, and Lisa held up her right hand to examine her finger nails, left hand on her lap, her expression never changing.

From my side view the light was at its highest point of the day and as she sat there serenely in her little private moment, the perfect skin of her bottom and thighs, with tiny follicles of light downy hair stood out in high definition.

The paper was torn off and bunched up in her right hand. She stood up and showed me the perfect little black triangle, as she pushed the paper between her legs, jeans and thong held up by her open legs.

The thong was pulled up tight, the thin red silk almost transparent as it revealed the crease of her little teenage slit in erotic contour.

Jeans hoisted up, zipped and fastened, a flush and a pause as she screwed up her little face to stifle a sneeze.

Once again I couldn't prevent an urgent climax.

Over the course of the day I saw so much.

I saw girls pee sitting down in a variety of positions, straight up, hunched forward, some perched right on the edge of the seat. There were those who didn't sit at all but just squatted with either legs spread to display every last detail, or close together to show just a neat bulging slit behind.

There was wiping from the front, the back and the side.

Watching in real life, in real time, was so much more interesting than the posed shots one sees on the net. This was natural, every day action; intimate, personal and private.

From about 4.30 there was definite lull in both the sounds outside and the activity inside the toilet.

Cars began to rev in the car park as slowly the office emptied and the weekend began.

At about twenty past five I heard the landing door swing open once more, the click of heels and the now all to familiar blast of air on my face as I saw Jan walk into the loo.

She came straight up to the end pushed into the cubicle and locked it shut.

There was no acknowledgement, no attempt to communicate. She just lifted the skirt of her black woollen dress to her waist and tugged at the waist of her cream silk cami-knickers and pushed them down to her knees,

Her black high heeled boots contrasted with the whiteness of her thighs and she squatted legs wide apart. Her piss gushed out and she continued to stare straight ahead oblivious of anything untoward.

As she finished, she turned and moved very close to the grille and dabbed the paper into her gap between her lips.

She pulled up her knickers and ran her hands behind and over her bottom to smooth and straighten them before letting her skirt fall back into place.

Only then did she sit back down, lean towards the wall and smiled sweetly.

«Come on birthday boy; let's get you out of there. Everyone's gone home!»

