Just A Lazy Afternoon ~ Erotic Fictional Fantasy~!

15th May 2010, 07:48 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So this is a very nawti fanatasy of how i would love to spend a lazy afternoon with someone special ~ when i am lucky enough to find someone~! I wrote it to mark my 500th Post~! yep 500+ posts! Yee-hah! lol~! Hope you enjoy it~! ~K~!

I stand in the shower, steam rising around me as the hot water streams over my body. I think about how just a few minutes ago I had your cock in my mouth and a small smile appears on my lips as I remember how we had been lying in bed, catching an afternoon nap. You had quickly nodded off to sleep but I had not. So I had softly caressed your body as you slept, loving every part of your body, gently touching, softly, as you dreamt. My hand softly caressed your balls and your cock which was currently soft and - I smile knowing you would probably hate the word - cute. But hey it is so cute when resting. Soft and cuddly I giggle quietly as I gently touch it, fingers sliding softly over it barely touching the skin. I swear it was not my intention to arouse you, I was enjoying watching you sleep and you had been sleeping for about an hour by then, but as my fingers moved softly over your cock I saw your balls tighten. It was like a punch to my stomach, the instant desire that overcame me...

I looked at you, and you were still deep asleep, yet your cock was waking, it knew I was there, and I smiled. So I continued caressing still softly and gently, not really erotically at all...just soft gentle strokes like stroking a kitten. I watched and smiled as I saw it respond with a mind of its own independent from your sleeping form. By now it was half erect, hardening slowly like a balloon being blown up. I reached down and my fingers found my own deep core. I slid a finger inside me, slightly surprised at how quickly I had become aroused and wet. I found my own clit with one hand while the other continued to softly caress your slowly inflating cock.

My own fingers are practised and knowing and quickly I reached orgasm stage, it's never as good or intense as when you bring me to orgasm, but it's familiar and good, so I bit my lip to stop my gasps from waking you, and I let myself go, one hand caressing your cock, the other making me cum, making my toes curl and my body shake. I slowly let myself find relief and when the shaking was over, I rubbed my own juices on my hand and then massaged these onto your cock.

I moved so I could wiggle between your legs, kneeling, and by now your cock was hard, not fully, but hard. I found a comfortable position and slowly started to softly gently lick my juices off your cock and your balls. I heard you stir, and guiltily stopped a moment, as you tossed your head from side to side but stayed asleep. I giggled to myself and continued my ministrations. Your cock got harder and harder as I licked and kissed and stroked and nibbled, sucking your balls. I was so enjoying myself...

I realised your cock was now literally rock hard and I could wait no longer so I slid it deep into my hot wet wanting mouth, felt it slide deep into my throat, experienced that momentary flash when it seems I cannot breathe, waited till my body realised it could breathe despite the huge cock in its throat, and as I relaxed I started to mouth fuck your gorgeous cock.

Oh god it's gorgeous, hard, strong, lovely, and I started to get carried away, murmuring with my full mouth as your cock slid in and out of my mouth, while I stroked the shaft as it disappeared and reappeared from my lips, as I kneaded your balls softly.

I was enjoying it so much I almost got a fright when you opened your eyes! I guiltily let your cock slide out of my mouth, its tip wet and swollen, my lips red and chafed and glistening wet as I looked at you and smiled. «Sorry,» I said with a giggle. Your eyes swam into focus as your mind realised that it had not been dreaming, but actually experiencing... your frown gave way to a smile of pleasure, wow, what a way to wake up.

I giggled again as you smiled and your hands reached for me. I moved up to sit on your belly just above your cock, which was pushing against my butt, so you could touch me. As you watched, sleep shaken from you completely, I caught your eyes and slowly deliberately moved my hands down so you could see me open my pussy lips. You saw the seeping wetness inside and raised an eyebrow and I shrugged. What can I say? Hehehe I'm just a horny babe

My eyes never left yours as I slid my fingers inside me again, and while your cock pushed against my back and your hands kneaded my breasts, with your eyes hungrily watching I began to masturbate, close enough for you to have been able to see every movement, smell my heat, see my fingers sliding in and out, see my thumb move against my clit. I closed my eyes as I felt myself about to cum. I felt you move and saw your unspoken question. I knew your bladder would be nicely full, having napped for an hour that afternoon. My eyes shone brightly and I nodded eagerly and saw the response in your eyes immediately. Then you raised your eyebrows at me again and I again understood. I nodded again, giggling~! Yes, my bladder was full too~!

I rose up so my pussy was right above you. Your hands moved to your own groin and started stroking your own cock as I kneeled above your head, my pussy above your face, as yet out of tongue reach. You watched as my hands pleasured my body, as wet fingers slipped and slid inside my red wet pussy. I closed my eyes, threw back my head and arched my back as I came with my one hand buried inside my pussy. You could see everything, the way my belly shuddered, the way my anus opened and closed to my orgasm, even how my pussy clenched and released. You could smell my hot orgasm. I slowly extricated my fingers and my bladder was released like dammed water with the force of my orgasm, and my hot juices fell, dripping and gushing slightly, from my swollen pussy lips. You opened your mouth and eagerly tried to catch every drop, as it fell on your face. I watched as you sucked my juices, I lowered my hand so you could suck my fingers, tasting me.

When the last drop of juice had been squeezed from me I moved down so I could kiss you, sucking my own juices from your tongue. I kissed every drop from your face then moved down to your very very hard waiting cock. I let your cock slide inside me, slipping into my hot wet pussy easily, and sliding deep as I rode you. Your hands found my hips and you regulated my rhythm, your tongue protruding as you focussed on your own pleasure.

I watched your face, and saw when you were about to cum, and as I saw your pupils dilate I slid up from your cock, kneeling and lowering my mouth over your cock, taking you deep down my throat, just in time to feel as your cum exploded deliciously in my mouth, filling my mouth until some spilled out before it slid down my throat. You spurted three times before you were empty, and I kept pumping your cock.

When you were finished, groaning, I slowly licked you clean. Hmmmm our mingled juices were so tasty... I slid up and kissed you, letting you taste, and it was your turn to let go and I position myself carefully so just the tip of your still semi hard cock slid inside and I leaned down to kiss you as I felt the first amazing gush of your hot pee flood inside me. Oh, my gosh! The feeling was so intense, and you used your teeth to tease my nipples as your hot golden pee brought me to yet another orgasm. When you were finally empty, I collapsed on top of you, with my head against your shoulder, and you cuddled me a while, before looking at the clock. «Hey» you said softly «I've gotta go shower or we'll be late for our dinner reservations»... I pouted like a spoiled little girl as you dislodged me and stood up, and you laughed at me.

And after you had showered it was my turn, and so here I was, hot water streaming down my body, soapy suds all over my body, and despite having cum three times already, my thoughts and memories of our most recent encounter has me steamed in more ways than one. I laugh softly to myself. Being with you means being in a constant state of semi to full arousal and I love it. I smile wryly as I finish soaping and rinse off. Turning of the faucets and opening the shower door.

As I step out the shower you are there, on the bed, watching my every move and I smile brightly at you, my lover, and sharer of my darkest fantasies. I step out, still wet, water dripping along the lines of my body, dripping from the ends of my wet hair which is already starting to curl again. You stare at my body, eyes moving from my dark eyes, passed my wet soft lips, down my throat, over my deliciously wet, round, full breasts, lingering on the rosy small nipples which are hard.

Your tongue slips out to lick your lips as you watch a drop of water bead and form a drop on the tip on one swollen nipple, and you watch it grow heavy and drop slowly from the nipple tip, splashing downwards against the rounded part of my belly. Your eyes trace its watery road as it slides down over my belly, along my skin, over my rounded pussy lips and down my thigh. I see you aching to use your tongue to scoop up the water droplets and immediately the image make me hot, and you see my tummy quiver and the muscles in my thighs tighten, and raise an eyebrow. I shrug and smile. You know your effect on me.

I step forward and raise and rest my foot on the bathroom sink. I laugh softly as you nearly fall over as your eyes find the sight of my thigh raised hip height, opening my round pussy lips so you can see the soft pink flesh beneath, the glistening core almost completely visible. You can stand it no more and as I attempt to dry myself you come and stand behind me, naked from your earlier shower, and press your warm hard body against me, you hardness against the crack of my butt, straining to reach the wetness of my sexual centre.

I lift my face and our eyes meet in the large mirror above the sink, and I find it incredibly erotic to be watching our reflections as your hands move forward and cup my breasts, your thumbs finding my nipples and we both watch in the mirror as my nipples harden even more and deepen in colour. I gasp slightly at the intense feeling of pleasure and with our eyes still locked together in the mirror I bite my lip and you smile at the effect you see you have on me.

I watch as your strong hands move down over my ivory skin, following my curves, until your one hand reaches my wet aching wanting pussy. I watch your eyes as your hand caresses the outer lips before you slide a finger deep inside me, your thumb finding my clit which is still swollen from our earlier escapades, and you slowly stimulate my hardening clit as you slip another finger inside me and begin to seriously finger fuck me. I try not to close my eyes in pleasure, the eroticism of watching our reflections is amazing as I can see what you are doing to me, watch your fingers slide in and out, see the wetness of my juices on your fingers, which arouses me so much a flood of juices flows out over your fingers. I can see my clit hardening, watch your thumb circle it softly, watch your other hand as it moves back up to cup my breast, and it's amazing seeing and feeling at the same time...

You are also watching as you finger fuck me, and you are so turned on I can feel your hard cock against me and I want you inside me so I bend slightly forward, opening the tight cheeks of my very round firm ass for you. Your cock has been rubbing against me and now slides in between the tight cheeks of my ass, rubbing my anus.

I moan and push back, and again juices glisten on your hand. You extricate your hand and I watch as you move a little away from me so you can rub my juices along the shaft of your cock, making it gleam, then you rub more juices against the entrance to my anus and I lick my lips, my eyes bright in the mirror as you look up from what you're doing to meet my gaze.

I nod slightly, eagerly, and you smile. Your hand finds its way back and commences finger fucking me again as I tip again just ever so slightly more forward, feeling your cockhead near my butt, and I push back so the tip enters me slightly as your hand pinches my nipples and your other hand slides a third finger inside me, filling me, stretching me, and we watch each other in the mirror.

You are so turned on your plan was to play at the entrance a while before sliding inside me, but seeing the pure wanton desire in my eyes drives you to push hard, relentlessly, and slide your whole cock deep inside me in one swift movement.

You see my eyes widen in the mirror, my mouth open slightly, see the slight pain in my eyes as it is replaced almost immediately with pleasure, see me briefly close my eyes as if I will faint from pleasure, you feel the seeping wetness in my pussy, your fingers deep inside me, feeling your own cock inside me through the thick, soft, muscled walls of my vagina, and that makes you close your eyes momentarily.

Your other hands twists slightly on my nipple and I gasp in pain-pleasure, your fingers so deep inside me it almost hurts, your cock inside my ass, balls against me and just visible in the mirror, my one leg still raised high so we can both see how your cock has disappeared inside me, we can both see your fingers reaching deep, see my red nipple and the reddening skin on my breast under your hard firm hand.

I push my head back against you, eyes closed, as your cock slides out and slams back in, making my whole body move as you do so, and your lips nuzzle my neck...I close my eyes to savour the pleasure of being finger fucked and ass fucked at the same time, to feel more acutely the pleasure of you working on my nipples, changing tempo from soft caresses to harder twisting movements, making me gasp.

I force my eyes open again so I can watch our fucking, turn slightly with you so we can half see your cock as it slides up and into me, watch its tempo increase, I can see your face in the mirror, watch the intensity of feeling you have as you fuck me from both sides, cock sliding in and out hard, fast, hot, demanding... fingers sliding up and twisting inside me, pushing against your own cock...my juices dripping over your fingers...

My hands slide backwards and find your balls and I softly caress them, kneading that sweet place behind your balls as one hand cups and plays with your balls, my body shuddering as you fuck me, a small gasp escaping with every deep thrust you make. My eyes find yours again, and I look at you with bright eyes and whisper «oh my God, I love it - I love it SO much!! Oh fuck me, please never ever stop fucking me...» my voice hoarse and breaking from pure pleasure. I feel your cock twitch as I say that, see your pupils dilate and I push back... «fuck me hard ... please... cum now, cum inside me...please»... and you increase the tempo, fucking me hard now, fingers almost hurting in their desire to fuck me, your cock stroking in and out, my hands on your balls, your hand on my nipple, your thumb on my clit.

Oh my God I breathe in I am not sure I can handle this much pleasure, every part of my body is tingling and now the drops on my skin are sweat beads... my raised leg is starting to ache slightly at the unnatural angle I have forced it into and I ignore it as I concentrate on the building pleasure in my belly. I feel the heat spread, and tell you I am about to cum.

I see what looks almost like relief in your eyes as you stroke harder and deeper and I feel your body tremble, your eyes close, and your cock buck as you cum. I revel in the feeling of your cum inside me, and the wonderful feeling of slipping out again around your cock, over your balls, I feel it with my hands, catch some of your cum there bring my hand forward and suck it eagerly from my fingers as waves of pleasure shake my body. Your cock is still deep inside my ass, not yet softening; your fingers still inside my pussy and you feel as a small squirt of hot pee escapes, trickling over your hand.

This triggers your own need and I feel your warm pee flow inside me, dripping out along your balls and the feeling is so intense that I cum, my muscles tightening on your fingers inside me as hot juices gush over your hand. I almost collapse as my leg muscles turn to jelly and shake uncontrollably, as my stomach muscles tighten, my eyes sharp and bright, moans escaping my lips and only your strong hands and body keep me up as I lean against you. You watch all this in the mirror, glee in your eyes, catching every moment of my gigantic orgasm, the smell of our sex in the air...

It takes a few minutes before I can stand again, until the strength comes back to my body, and I manage a shaky, shuddery laugh...whew! You laugh with me and I turn, my leg muscles relieved as I lower my foot to stand against you, head on your shoulder, eyes closed, every part of my body against yours. «Thank you» I say with utmost feeling.

«My pleasure» you whisper back, arms holding me tightly, your mouth smiling. I lean against you for long moments before raising my eyes to yours again, a smile playing on my lips, a laugh in my eyes. «I think I'll shower again...» You laugh softly and nod. After all, we are late for dinner already and we have reservations...

