Megan's Desperate

21st February 2013, 08:57 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Alright, those of you who follow along with my stories. You may recall that Megan decided to come spend a week at my place and spend Valentine's day with me. She did and she actually just left yesterday. Anyways, I have a couple stories to tell from her stay, so we'll start with Valentine's Day.

It was the night before Valentine's Day and Megan had just got in. It was pretty late and she wanted to shower yet and unpack her stuff for the day. She was concerned with keeping me up, even though I wasn't. She insisted though, so I pointed her to the guest bedroom and told her not to worry about the noise as I'm a heavy sleeper anyways. So, I set off to bed while Megan started on unpacking and organizing before getting showered.

Before I knew it, my alarm clock was buzzing. "My goodness, 8 A.M. already" I questioned myself before crawling from bed. It was and I knew that today was going to be an interesting, fun day. It was the first time I'd actually had a "Valentine." Without further hesitation, I crawled from under my sheets and headed off to the shower.

After getting cleaned up, I proceeded with making breakfast. I whipped up something special and placed it on a tray along with a gold necklace that I had bought for Megan the week before. I gathered the tray and carried it upstairs to the guest room. I tapped on the door and Megan told me to come in. I proceeded to find her awake in bed. She was a bit taken back when she seen the tray full of food.

"Really? Breakfast in bed? My best friend sure does know how to treat a lady." She greeted me with.

"Ah. It's nothing. You'll probably spit it out anyways. Cooking isn't my strong suit." I played coy. In actuality, I'm a pretty good cook for a 22 year old country boy.

We carried a brief conversation while she ate. It wasn't long and she finished before proceeding to open the pink necklace box. Upon opening it, she gasped. It was a gold necklace that she'd been eyeing for quite some time. She nearly had tears in her eyes. "You didn't! This necklace isn't cheap!" She gushed.

She continued to lament over the beauty of the necklace as I gathered her now empty tray to take back downstairs. She said she'd be down as soon as she got up and around. I told her that I was still a bit tired and was actually going to lay down and watch a movie in my bedroom. I told her to join if she'd like.

It was about an hour later. I had just finished cleaning my mess in the kitchen and laid back down just in time to find "A Walk To Remember" coming on television. It was the perfect movie that I could cuddle up to Megan to, so I turned it on. Moments later, my door cracked open. Megan stepped into my room. She had on a black, see through, lace camisole with a matching transparent black, transparent, lace G string. Her big tits bounced beneath her top as she made her way toward my bed. The fabric was tented where her nipples poked away from her breasts.

It was a breathtaking sight. She was no longer the semi curvy Megan that I remembered, instead her body looked hard, toned, and muscular. It was clear she was spending some serious time in the gym. Thankfully, my favorite part of her remain unchanged. She still had a large bubble ass and some thick thighs. Her blonde hair flowed midways down her back and was still damp from her fresh shower. She had a couple new tattoos. A sparrow on her lower stomach swooping downward towards her pussy, colorful tropical flowers extended from her shoulder to her elbow to make up a half sleeve tattoo, and stars extended across her lower back. I love tattoo'd girls, so I was in heaven when I seen all Megan's new ink.

She proceeded to crawl under my sheets. As soon as she got situated, I pulled her against me. She made sure to grind her ass into my midsection which was enough to make my breathing a bit heavy. We laid there for the next couple hours cuddled up watching the movie. We fondled each other the entire time and we both were so horny, but it had to wait. My hunger was more important, so I suggested we go get food before things got too heavy. She wasn't excited about it, but she agreed and we both got ready.

She reappeared wearing a white sweater vest and boots that nearly came up to her knees. It was a look that she certainly pulled off good, but there isn't many that she doesn't.

"We're taking my old Chevy." I told her

I could tell she wasn't ecstatic about the idea, but she went along with it. We both made our way to the truck and I opened the passenger door. I held her purse as she was sure to have trouble getting in. It's even a bit of a task for me as the truck has 10" of lift as well as 40" tires. Thankfully, I keep the truck spotless so she didn't have to worry about getting dirty in the process. With a hand on the door and one on the seat, she hoisted herself in revealing she was now wearing a pink thong in the process. I handed her purse back and got in on the other side.

We proceeded to the fanciest restaurant that I knew of which was about 20 miles away. We headed off the mountain and into the town. We arrived, ate, had dessert, and Megan had a couple of alcoholic drinks in the process. The time had come for us to leave, so we headed back home where we could pick back up where we left off. Except, we didn't make it far.

We almost reached the mountain which is four lanes, but was unusually vacant for this time of night. Just before starting to ascend it became apparent why. There was a police car blocking both of the east bound lanes which was my direction of travel. Usually this only occurs when there's bad weather and snow, but it was fairly warm, the roads were wet, and even most of the snow on the ground was melted. I inched closer to the police cruiser and he stepped out. I stopped my truck and rolled down my window.

"There's been an accident." The officer started with.

"What happened?" I questioned.

"It appears that a log truck coming off the mountain lost his brakes and overturned sending logs all over the highway. You might want to find something to do in town for awhile or you could wait it out here with me." He responded.

"I'll go get you an update so you know exactly how long we're talking. I'll be right back." He proceeded to walk away to get in his patrol car to talk to those on the scene. Meanwhile, Megan expressed her concerns to me.

"We can't wait here. I really gotta pee and it's not like I can just go along the road with a cop right here." She expressed.

"Don't worry. I don't intend to sit here hours. I want to get home soon." I reassured her.

The officer again approached my truck saying that it'd be at least another couple hours and expressed his apologies. It wasn't his fault, but I wasn't excited to hear the wait time. I instead asked if I could turn around by going through the muddy, snow filled median of the road. He said he didn't care, so I locked in the 4wd system and away we went.

"What are we going to do? It's not like we can take another route. That's the only way for us to get back home." She cried out.

"That's the only way you know of anyways. I happen to know another way, but it's going to be rough." I said.

The secret was, 20 minutes away was an old logging trail that twisted through the woods all the way up to the top of the mountain. I wasn't thrilled to be taking my truck up it in the middle of winter as it was rough enough to navigate in the dry summer months, but it had to be done. Not to mention, my truck was built for it. We drove until we reached the trail. It's in the middle of nowhere, still snow covered, rutted up, and muddy. It was apparent no one's been on it for awhile.

"Are you sure about this?" Megan questioned.

"No, but when am I sure of anything? It'll be fun, hopefully." I laughed.

We started up the trail. Darkness was already fallen and the headlights illuminated the trail and the thick brush on either side. The first part of the trail was rather smooth until we got about a quarter way. There was a creek crossing and the creek was rather swollen from the melting snow. I stopped the truck just before reaching it.

"Ready for this?" I asked Megan.

"Yeah, but I really, really gotta pee. Do you think I can get out and go here? I'm going to end up wetting myself and your truck if not. This sweater dress is new too." She begged.

"Hold it a little while longer until we get further up the mountain if you can. The ground will be frozen up there and you won't have to wade through mud to go then." I encouraged her.

"Ok. Hurry up and get past this creek though. The rushing water is killing me." She quipped.

We made it across the creek and continued up the mountain. The trail was rough and growing rougher. I could see Megan struggling to hold on as she pressed her hand into her crotch. I'm sure the bouncing didn't help her cause any, but she didn't complain much. A little over half way up and the ground began to harden as the temperature dropped. It was apparent in the way the truck now steered.

"Can I pee now?" She again asked.

"Let's o just a little further. The ground is still a little soft here." I responded.

It wasn't that I was worried about the mud anymore, it's just Megan's desperation was turning me on. She knew it too. She continued to bounce about, making faces and holding herself. It became apparent to me that she was now in pure agony. I began to feel bad so just as the trail widened out, I stopped the truck. I knew any longer and she was going to end up peeing all over my cab just as she had done in my Camaro.

"I'll help you get out so you don't get covered in filth." I forewarned her.

"Good. Hurry up! I'm dying over here. My fucking bladder is going to explode!" She raised her voice.

I jumped out and made my way to the other side of the truck where I ripped open her door. I grabbed her under her knees and behind her back and lifted her out of the truck before placing her on the ground. I took a couple steps back so she had room to relieve herself. I wasn't sure where or how she was going to do it, but it soon became apparent. Right where I had placed her next to the door and the truck bed. I stood right beside her tucked against the truck bed as she tried to gain composure.

"Fuck. It hurts." She mumbled.

She managed to turn at the same angle as the door facing away from the truck. She positioned her left hand on the door. I pulled up on her sweater dress enough that she could pin it to her body with her right arm as she fiddled with her thong trying to pull it aside.

"Grr. If you ever make me this desperate again.. I swear." She blurted out.

She got her thong out of the way finally. Then she spread her legs and bent her knees slightly. She was obviously content with peeing from a standing position. Immediately a huge arch erupted from her plump pussy and sprayed a mound of snow off to the side of the trail staining it light yellow.

"Aaaahhh. I fucking needed this." She said in ecstasy.

Her geyser continued flowing spraying and turning the mound of snow over 3 feet away even more yellow. She was pissing so violently that her stream broke apart into an elliptical shape allowing her to spray and stain a swath of snow a foot wide by the time her piss landed. The swoosh sound that the piss made at it escaped Megan's pussy as well as the sound it made as it saturated the snow was a huge turn on.

Megan was finally relieved enough that she could begin to have some fun with it. She turned side to side continuing to piss onto the mound of snow now making sure to have the whole thing stained yellow.

"I still got a big bladder. Huh?" She smirked.

"Yep. It's definitely a thing of beauty." I told her.

"I'm almost done. Just a bit longer." She said.

Her stream slowly retreated away from the mound of snow which was now completely yellow with Megan's piss. She pushed out a couple more violent spurts into the mound before saying "That's it. Tank's empty."

She re-positioned her thong over her pussy while admiring her work. She was clearly proud of her accomplishment. She looked down and said "Look. Not even any piss on my legs. I piss standing up better than a guy."

I reach down and grabbed some of the yellow snow from the mound and put it on my tongue. "Want a snow cone?" I joked.

"Ewh. Someone might have just taken a big ol' piss into that snow bank there and you just put it in your mouth." She winked.

"Yeah. Her name may have been Megan and she might have been a total hotty in which it's okay to eat the yellow snow then!" I laughed.

We both climbed back into the truck and quickly made our way back. I was so horny I could barely think to drive as Megan continued to describe her relief and just how good it felt to piss along the trail. As soon as we got back, I wheeled the truck into the garage and lowered the door. Megan and I were already stripping each other's clothes and kissing before we even made it inside the house. We both enjoyed the sex that followed as we had the most intense orgasms we've ever had.

