Wet Weekend in Las Vegas

7th December 2008, 01:32 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

This past August one of my pool supply vendors had given me a 3 night vacation to the Venetian in Las Vegas for being a good customer. How could I pass up Friday, Saturday and Sunday in Sin City? I get to LV at least a couple times a year and like to see the shows as well as in summer take advantage of the fabulous pools. Being a thong wearer (all my swimsuits are from Koala Swimwear) I did confirm before I left that the Venetian pool allowed male thongs and g-strings to be worn. Their response - absolutely!

I arrived early on Friday taking a very early flight from Chicago so that I could take full advantage of the pools and hot sun. 102 was the predicted temperature that Friday when I arrived. Fortunately my room was ready and the bellman took my bags up to the room. On the way I stopped and bought a 1/2 dozen bottles of water - $18 - ouch - for something that just comes out in due time. I drank one quickly on the way up to the room as I did not want to get dried out in the hot desert air. One must stay well hydrated.

I quickly changed into my tiny Koala male thong (sorry guys and girls that don't like guys to wear these but I am fit and tan and like to stay that way) and pulled on a pair of white stretch shorts and mesh top - yes you could easily see I had on a bright blue thong underneath. I downed 2 more water bottles quickly (ok, now you can see what was on my mind - pool, lots of water, wearing my wet look thong at the pool). Already as I took the elevator from the 16th floor to the 4th floor pool deck, I could feel my bladder filling. Too soon and too many inhibitions to wet those white shorts quite yet.

I got to the pool and picked up some towels and headed to a chair, spotting 2 in the sun with some shade for later in the day. Quickly shedding my shorts I now was just wearing my thong. Just as quick was one of the bar ladies ready to serve me. I kidding said I needed a bit on inhibition removal to help me wear my thong, her reply - not to worry, you look fantastic and have no fear but I recommend a Long Island Ice Tea anyway. Absolutely I replied. The pool quickly filled up as it was about noon and I got quite a few smiles and head turns (from both girls and guys) to my suit. The drink came quickly and I started a room tab as I knew more were needed.

Drinking it a bit fast gave me quite a head rush so I headed into the pool, taking the long way around the pool. The cool water felt great and made me realize I needed to pee. Knowing the heavy level of pool chemicals would take care of a few pee ounces I let a bit go. Getting out of the pool I headed back to my chair not drying off as the desert air would quickly dry anything. I got back to my lounge chair and the bar girl was their offering me another Long Island. How could I refuse as the first one already had made my head a bit light? Sitting in the chair I relaxed a bit and let go some more pee which I realized quickly dribbled through the towel and on the ground forming a puddle under the chair. Could this be trouble? Oh no as just under the chair was one of these long grated drains to take off any water.

I noticed a very good looking woman in her early 30's - wearing a very tiny suit which was well filled out by the way, pass me by a number of times as she strolled through the pool deck - always with a nice smile to me. I downed the second drink and was getting quite uninhibited so peeing in the thong was going to get pretty easy - perhaps even uncontrolled if I was not careful. I let go a large amount causing the whole suit fabric to glisten in wetness - just then the beautiful lady I mentioned before walked by again. She smiled and did indeed look down at my very wet thong swimsuit. I thought, even in my 2 drink state of mind, she has to know what I just did. Was I caught? I got up and walked over towards the bar as I wanted to watch the ballgame and perhaps meet a few new friends, halfway there realizing that my pee wet suit was still dripping down my legs.

A quick detour to the pool for a cool down. Out of the pool, I headed to the bar fully dripping wet, grabbing another towel to dry a bit. Standing at the bar dripping wet, I ordered another drink. Looking down on the floor I saw I was standing by another floor drain - very convenient - so while drinking another Long Island, getting much loosened up, I began pissing my suite, feeling the warm pee running down my legs and right into the floor drain. No one noticed. How great was this. Their was a chair that opened up next to where I was standing so I took the towel and placed it on the chair and sat for a bit. Shortly the woman I mentioned walked over and said hello. Obviously she had her eye on my and it was mutual.

Being a gentleman, I offered her the chair and stood next to her. She took a sip of my drink and smiled so I ordered 2 more. She said she already had a few Margaritas but these tasted so much better. We talked and I found she was in LV on business - a therapeutic massage company. She was here on a vendor's comp as well as they were showing off a new massage table or some such product. The details were getting a bit fuzzy with the drinks.

We continued to drink and from that my bladder was getting quite full. I told her I would be right back as I needed to use the bathroom, to which quickly she grabbed my thong string, almost pulling it down and whispered in my ear - "why are you now so shy, you were not when standing alone without me here". Oh, my god, I was found out I thought. She continued, I like seeing that little suit wet. Ah, what the heck, so I started peeing my suit while standing right next to her. Her hand now pressed on the wet suit and I could see she was enjoying this. I asked if she would ever do something like this and her reply was feel the towel I am sitting on. I placed my hand on the towel and it indeed was very wet.

As we continued to drink our Long Islands, she said she first noticed my due to the skimpy thong suit I had on which she said was a great turn on but then when she noticed it staying much wetter that normal while I was sunning myself, she knew what I was up to. She continued to say that in addition to massage therapy, she had an interest in the use of pee for therapeutic uses but found few men and women that would give it any credibility.

Here we were, at a public bar, quite drunk, wearing next to nothing, in the hot Las Vegas sun, talking about pee openly. How could this get much better? We decided to head back over to my lounge chairs and get a bit more sun so ordering another couple of drinks and some food, we spent the rest of the afternoon talking, drinking, sunning and when the need, peeing right there without moving. We both had a continuous wet spot under the chair - but no puddles due to the fine drains. We swam in the pools, hot tubs and even she took advantage of the topless only bathing - that while not expressly permitted we saw a number of women taking part of the Euro ways.

It got to be 6pm and the sun was starting to set with some shadows now off the buildings. We took a couple of last swims and decided to go to the rooms and change for dinner and some late night entertainment. As we found that neither of us gambled much we had things in common beyond just the enjoyment of pee. As we headed to the rooms she offered to provide me with a massage as she wanted to try out a new portable table she had just purchased. How could I refuse? As we got to her room, we both realized that we had left our pool cover-ups at the pool. We had come back up - her in her tiny thong bottomed swimsuit and me in my tiny thong bottom as well. No wonder we got some looks in the elevator. I volunteered to go back and get them while she set up the massage table. Heading back to the pool I was just wearing my skimpy swimsuit, passing a few people in the hallway and sharing an elevator ride. Yes, I did get some looks but with the alcohol I did not care.

I picked up our stuff at the pool and headed back to her room where she was waiting with her new massage table all set up and some oils heating. As it was getting a bit late - now 7:30, I suggested we wait for the massage and just shower and get ready for dinner and some late night partying. We both stripped what little clothing we had on and got into the shower. She asked if I had ever had a golden shower, to which I quickly sat on the shower floor and enjoyed a 98 degree shower. She mentioned how nice a fully shaved guy was to see - as she was smooth as well. Once she finished, we exchanged places and I provided her the same. We then showered and enjoyed the time together, knowing we would not run out of hot water. I then headed back to my room to put on some jeans and get ready and would see her back in her room in an hour.

Getting back to my room I quickly changed into a pair of black stretch low-rise jeans and shirt - made by Wanqwear of Australia. These are great fitting jeans, very low rise and fit great. I figured after a wet day, the evening may also be a bit damp so black was required. I headed down to her room where I found her wearing a very nice outfit of tight ultra low rise pants and a very tight top that definitely showed her assets. She too must have had the same idea as she was wearing black as well.

