Wee Fairy

27th September 2013, 02:09 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

It started in August, a few years ago. August 5th, I think it was. I know it was a Friday. I was at work and, as usual, I stepped over to the ladies' about halfway through the afternoon. I pulled my white knickers down about my ankles, pulled my knee-length, checked skirt out of the way and sat down. I was alone in the toilet, so the tinkling sound of my wee hitting the water, mixed with the quieter hissing as it left my body, were the only sounds -- until both were drowned out by a tiny voice echoing up from between my legs: "'Ang on, I'm bloody comin' orready."

Unsure what to make of it, I simply watched as a small creature pulled itself out of the loo. It looked like a middle-aged housewife with a fat, wrinkled face and a fixed scowl, no more than five inches tall. She was wearing a serviceable, brown dress that fell to just above her ankles, but which somehow failed to be wet from the toilet or my pee. She climbed up on the rim between my thighs and scowled up at me. "New one, are ya?"

It took me a moment before I managed to reply. "What the fuck?" I demanded. Not very ladylike, but I didn't know what else to say. "I'm having a wee, here!" I added, in case she had somehow missed that fact. Then I realized that, actually, I wasn't; I had squeezed it off when I realized there was a fairy woman with a view right up my fanny.

"Well, that's the 'ole point, innit?" she responded. "Figured out what bloody stupid thing ya want yet?"

"Go away!" I told her. "How am I supposed to have a wee with you standing there?"

"Orright, orright, no need to get yer knickers in a twist, I'm off. Wanker." She slid forward into the toilet bowl. There was no splash, and, when I looked down, she was gone. It took me a moment to relax enough to finish my wee.

When I got back to my desk, my workmate Clarissa looked up from her colluded income spreadsheet. "What happened to you?" she asked when she saw my face. In an undertone, I told her about the incident. "Sounds like you've got a wee fairy," she said.

"A wee fairy?" I asked. "Are you taking the piss?" She giggled. It took me a moment to realize why; then I giggled, too. "No, but really," I said, after a moment. "There are bloody wee fairies?"

She nodded. "I had one myself when I was 16. Just popped in one day and asked me if I wanted something."

"What did you do?"

"Nothing. She stopped coming after month or so."

"A month? So, for a month, every time you went for a wee, some foul-mouthed, cockney fairy popped out?"

"Cockney? No, mine sounded like she was from the north country. Bit of a prude, too." She giggled again. "Do you know, she reminded me to wipe myself almost every time, as though I hadn't been going to the loo for 16 years."

"Ever ask her for anything?"

"Nah. Bit of a come-on, if you ask me."

"Why?"

"Well, it disappears when you're done weeing, doesn't it?"

******

That evening, when I got home, I needed the toilet again. I hesitated. Instead, I turned on my laptop and looked up "wee fairy" on Wikipedia:

{{Urination-Summoned Fairies or Urination Fairies, commonly called piss fairies or wee fairies, are a variety of magical being believed to derive their magic from the act of urination, due to the fact that they are invariably sighted by persons performing that bodily function

. The fairy is generally of the same gender as the urinator, though not always, and offers magical gifts, although such gifts invariably disappear when the urination is complete.[1][2] Whereas the existence of Urination Fairies is now generally considered to be scientific fact, little is known about the beings themselves. [1][3][4][5][6][7][8][9][10]

Urination fairies appear in folklore dating back as much as 3000 years.[6] In ancient Greece, the urine of persons regularly visited by urination fairies was commonly believed to have magical properties, and could be sold at a premium.[3][9] Pliny the Elder writes of a "tiny imp that would not let me use the pot in peace,"[12] and a Norwegian folktale tells of a man who meets a trickster elf that turns his urine into gold, but changes it back before he can show his family and friends, so that he looks very foolish.[6] Some folklorists believe that middle-eastern tales of djinn are actually based on ancient sightings of urination fairies.[citation needed]

More verifiably, in 1844

, Frenchwoman

Marie Jesault, tired of being thought a liar for her story that a demon appeared to tempt her every time she used the privy, invited her three sisters and Father Georges Sarmon along to see. The priest's written account tells of "a tiny woman of un-earthly beauty" who "appeared upon the instant Marie commenced to urinate, and offered her whatever she might desire."[14] He concluded that Jesault required an exorcism, a process she did not survive.[5]

The first scientifically recorded sighting of a urination fairy occurred in 1925, when mill worker John Collins submitted a silent, black-and-white film to the Harvard University

Department of Biology showing himself urinating on a tree while talking to a second party who is not visible on the film. What is visible is the sudden appearance, at Collins' gesture, of a large pile of gold coins and a nude woman of striking beauty, both of which disappear again as he finishes urinating.[15] No evidence of doctoring has ever been found on the film...}}

The article continued in this manner for some time, but I stopped reading it. I had half-hoped to find no evidence of their existence and to come to the conclusion that my mind (and Clarissa) had been playing tricks on me. I now wanted even less to use the toilet, but I knew I couldn't put it off forever. So, I sat on the toilet and, with some difficulty, managed to spray a bit of pee into the water.

"I'm comin', no need to yell in m' bloody ear!" The tiny woman struggled up between my legs and sat on the rim of the toilet, glaring up at me. "You again. Want anything?"

"I'd like you to go away and not come back every time I'm trying to have a wee," I said. As before, my pee stream had cut off once I saw the bad-tempered little woman, although I could still feel the pressure in my bladder.

"You got it, love," said the fairy, and disappeared.

I stared at the place she had been for a moment before I relaxed and managed to finish peeing. It had seemed a bit too easy.

And, it was. When I went to the toilet again right before bed, the same little woman climbed up out of the toilet. She was surprisingly dry, I noticed, for having been in the toilet in which I had been actively weeing until I saw her. "I thought you said you wouldn't come back!" I said accusingly.

She squinted at me. "Oh, it's you as wanted me to stay away. Well, it on'y works 'til y' stop pissing, love. After that, the magic's gone."

"Go away and leave me alone!" I yelled.

"Orright, no need to bite me 'ed off." She dropped into the toilet with no splash.

******

Over the next week, believe it or not, I got used to having a tiny, rude woman appear whenever I was sat on the loo, a bit. I began to let out a few drops and immediately say, "Go away, please!" in a firm voice. Then I'd hear, "Fine, fine," or "Oh, s'you again, izzit?" or some such statement from beneath my bum, and then I could continue weeing.

The only time that approach backfired was when I was in the loo at the local pub. It was Saturday, and I'd had the wee fairy for a day, but I went out for drinks with Clarissa and a few other girls anyway. When I got into a toilet stall, I was a bit drunk and I must have told the fairy to leave rather more loudly than I ought, because the lady in the next stall called back, "I was here first, deal with it."

"Sorry," I called back, "I was talking to..." I paused, unsure how mad I'd sound if I said "wee fairy."

"I know who you were talking to, bitch, there's only me here isn't there?" I began to realize that she sounded more drunk than myself. "Now shut up or I'll come in there and do you!" I shut up.

Otherwise, it really wasn't so bad.

******

The next Saturday, I got home late, and drunk. I was also more than a bit randy. I'd been out again, ostensibly with the girls, but I spent most of the evening sitting at the bar, chatting with a young man with a body like a Greek god. I hadn't had proper sex since Johnny turned out to be a world-class git (with his secretary, too -- is there a bigger clich than a lawyer screwing his secretary?) and my mouth -- and other parts of me -- were absolutely watering as I came to the drunken conclusion that he was about to ask me back to his. Then, he thanked me for a lovely time, and said he had to pick up his fiance from her after-work yoga class. I had to stop myself yelling some very unladylike words after him. Instead, I left the girls and came home.

I stripped off my clothes as I entered my flat and turned on the taps in the bath. My plan was to rub myself in the water until I thought I could sleep. The running water reminded me that I hadn't used the ladies' at the pub, so I sat down on the loo, forgetting entirely about the wee fairy.

"Oh, s'you, izzit? Wan' somethin' this time, do ya?"

I glanced down between my thighs to see the wee fairy scowling up at me. I was drunk enough that, this time, I didn't stop weeing; and, without thinking, I responded, "Yeah, I want that bloke from the pub here, naked and ready to fuck."

"You're no bloody lady, are ya?" she asked rhetorically. She sighed. "Orright."

There was a little pop, and, when I looked up, the man in question was standing in my bathroom, looking about confusedly. His cock was is proportion to the rest of him, and fully erect, with a drop of precum on the tip. "What the fuck?" he asked, seeing me naked and sitting on the loo.

I stared in astonishment as I pushed out the last couple of drops of wee, ready to jump up and absolutely maul him when I was done.

I stood up, and he disappeared.

I stared at the place where he had been for several seconds. Then I uttered a series of very unladylike sentences on the subject of wee fairies in general and got in to the bath.

******

The next morning, as I sat on the toilet with a hangover that was excruciating, but not as bad as it might have been, I asked, "Did I actually ask you to bring me a -- a man, last night, or did I dream that?"

"You did," said the wee fairy, seated calmly on the toilet seat between my thighs, with her legs hanging down into the bowl. "An' I brought 'im, too." She sounded less proud than annoyed, as though I had made her do something wrong -- which I was far from certain I hadn't.

"Was that... actually the bloke from the pub? Did we pull him away from his fiance to my toilet and then send him back?"

She nodded. "If 'e 'as a fiance."

"He has. He told me. Can you do me a favour?" I asked.

"Tha's what I'm 'ere for, innit?"

"Not that kind. Not a magical favour. I'm asking you, personally. Can you please just ignore me when I'm drunk?"

"Sorry, love, it don' work that way." She seemed genuinely apologetic.

"Fine, then. Can you go away so I can finish weeing?"

******

But, I couldn't stop thinking about the possibilities. Having a naked man in my bathroom made me wonder if I couldn't, perhaps, get some enjoyment out of having a wee fairy about, if I thought it through properly.

It took another week before I got up the courage to actually try it. The following Friday, on my way home, I stopped at the local Tesco and bought a mattress protector, the sort you put on an incontinent child's bed so he doesn't destroy it. I had skipped my usual afternoon trip to the loo, and I was beginning to wonder if I hadn't made a mistake, there -- I was having to press my legs together to keep from wetting my knickers as I stood in line, the mattress protector held at my side so it wasn't too obvious what I was buying.

At home, I installed the mattress protector and made up the bed, then I stripped naked, went into the bathroom and closed the door. I sat on the toilet, where I let out a short stream of wee, but forced myself to stop as soon as the initial pressure was off. "Orright?" asked the wee fairy as she climbed out of the bowl.

"All right," I answered. "Listen..." I hesitated, and considered not doing it. I could just ask her to go away, finish weeing, pretend I'd never come up with this silly idea. Despite her size, the fairy looked of an age to be my mother, and for just a moment, I imagined saying this to my actual mother, and wasn't sure I could. But, I forced the idea from my mind and found myself babbling out the words I'd come up with. "I don't want any actual man to be, you know, transported here out of his own life, but I do want there to be a man in my bed when I open the door."

"A sort of fan'asy lover, then?" She looked slightly disapproving; but, then, she always did.

"That's right. He should be intelligent, with a sense of humour and gentle, brown eyes, a large chest with some hair on it, um, and he's deeply in love with me. He thinks I've just nipped into the loo to, ah, change into some sexy knickers or something before we, um, before we have sex." I felt a few drops of urine dribble out of me into the toilet. "And he wouldn't mind if I, er, weed on him a bit during it."

"Any more specifics?" she asked.

"Oh, ah, he has no communicable diseases and is vasectomized."

"A' least yer bein' prudent. Got some sexy knickers abou', or will you be needin' 'at, too?"

I giggled, a bit nervously, and heard the tinkling sound as a few more drops of wee escaped me. "No, I believe I'll go like this. Thanks so much. Could you please, er, disappear now?" I deliberately let out a slightly longer stream of pee, then clamped it off, stood, and opened the bathroom door.

A neat pile of men's clothing, including a pair of jeans and a white t-shirt, lay on the floor beside my bed. Lying on the bed, totally naked, was their owner, who was exactly as I described. He looked up as I opened the door and his penis, already slightly hard, slowly rose to full erection as he took in my naked body. It was huge, and I realized with a shudder of anticipation that the wetness between my legs wasn't all wee. "That does look more comfortable," he said, sitting up and swinging his legs over the side of the bed. I thought I might be blushing, but I walked over and sat beside him, and he put a thick, warm arm about my shoulders. We kissed -- he had to lean down slightly, and his short, yellow beard tickled my face. He must have noticed how tense I was -- mainly from holding in my pee -- because he pulled away and asked, "Are you all right?"

"Fine," I told him. "A bit nervous, maybe, but I want this." It seemed to reassure him. We kissed some more, and he began to massage my skin; first on my back, then, as I brought his left hand around, on my breasts, sending sparks of pleasure through my body.

After a moment, he lifted me easily and set me down on the bed, on my back. He climbed up between my legs and kissed me on my navel, running his warm, rough hands over my hips and the sides of my torso. He kissed me again, a bit lower, almost to my pubic hair, and then lower still. It was arousing as hell, and I relaxed into it like a warm bath -- a bit too much perhaps, because, before I knew what was happening, I was peeing. It got all over his chest and a little on his face before I managed to stop. "Oh god, I'm sorry!" I said.

He grinned up at me. "Don't be. That was amazing," he told me. "I nearly came." He showed me his penis which, though I had thought it large before, seemed even bigger. I moved closer and began to massage it with my hands. I licked the tip of it, tasting a hint of sweat.

I was considering putting it in my mouth (I wasn't sure I could do it without either dislocating my jaw or suffocating myself) when he lay back and lifted me on top of him by the hips. We ended up in a sort of 69 position, me still close enough to pleasure his cock with my mouth, and he doing the same for my pussy with his tongue. My belly was pressed against his chest. Actually, he began by licking every other part of me he could reach, slowly working inward, still holding me by the hips and massaging me gently. I could feel myself leaking on his face, whether wee or other secretions I wasn't fully sure. Meanwhile, moaning with anticipation as he approached my lower lips, I opened my upper ones and managed, with less difficulty than I had feared, to suck on the tip of his prick. I felt his moan more than I heard it, the air moving my pubic hairs.

I was taking more of his cock into my mouth now, as he finally approached my vagina. He ran his tongue over my outer lips, then stuck it between to touch my clitoris, and I felt that through my entire body. And I came. I jerked against him, pressing my crotch into his face, and peeing into his face, although I didn't realize that at first. Not until I was coming down from the orgasm and felt the last of my wee dripping out of me. And then I fell -- only by the thickness of his body, landing on a the warm sheets where he had been lying, my mouth suddenly feeling empty. It took me a moment to realize what had happened, and then I was annoyed. I hadn't been done, yet, hadn't felt that giant cock spraying cum deep inside my fanny.

I jumped up and ran to the kitchen, got a glass out of the cabinet, and filled it at the tap. I surprised myself by drinking it and refilling it ten times before I began to feel full in my bladder again. Then, I went back to my bedroom. I had already soaked the bed and would do again, so I didn't bother going to the loo, but sat in the middle of the bed and forced myself to relax as much as possible, given my frame of mind. After a bit of trying, I managed to dribble some wee onto the sheets.

"Given up on the toilet, 'ave we?" I glanced down to see the wee fairy standing right in front of my fanny. She looked about her with disapproval.

"I'd like him back, please," I said.

"Yer fan'asy lover?"

"Yes. Wait! Can I ask for more than one thing?"

"Unforch'nately, y' can ask for as many things as y' like."

"Then I want the same man back, and I also want my bladder to fill up unnaturally fast, so I don't get empty until I say I want to even if I keep on weeing." I had a sudden image of myself being knocked unconscious, for some reason, and flooding my entire flat with wee. "Until I say so or, ah, two o'clock tomorrow morning, whichever comes first," I amended, quickly.

For the first time ever, I think the wee fairy smiled at me. It was an odd expression, a bit feral and not reassuring. "Thought this through, 'aven't we?" she said, and it almost sounded approving.

She disappeared, and my bladder felt suddenly fuller. At the same instant, I felt the bed tip slightly. I turned to see him lying in the same place as before, his brown hair soaked with my wee, his still-hard dick shiny with my saliva. He smiled. "I love the taste of your piss," he said.

For just a moment, I was taken aback -- I mean, what a bizarre thing to say. But, I had to admit, the idea of him being turned on by the flavour of my wee gave me a warm feeling between my legs. I had hesitated only a moment. "There's more where that came from," I responded. He looked at me with a simply adorable expression of desire. I rolled on top of him as I was before, his prick in front of my face, his face in front of my fanny. It was already easier to let go, and soon I was spraying his face with wee as I took his cock in my mouth again. It took him only a few seconds to climax, filling my mouth with so much hot, salty spunk that I thought for a horrible second I might choke.

I coughed as I pulled my face away from his still-spurting prick, and realized that I was still spraying wee like a fire hose into his face. Hoping I hadn't drowned him, I pulled away, wee dribbling down my legs, to find him gasping but grinning. "That was amazing," he choked out.

"Are you all right?" I asked him.

"Never better," he responded. Suddenly, he rolled over, pushed me over onto my back, and climbed on top of me, knees between my thighs, hands on either side of my shoulders to hold him up. It appeared that his prick had softened only momentarily if at all after his orgasm, for I could feel it, hard and huge, against the inside of my right thigh. "Ready?" he asked. I could only nod. Slowly, gently, he pushed it into my quim, stretching me more than I had ever imagined I could be.

It felt amazing, having him inside me like that. It pressed against my magically-refilled bladder from within so that I couldn't hold it, and began dribbling wee, hot and wet, out between our bodies. I moaned as I felt him sliding deeper than I'd ever had anything inside me, and gasped and loosed a harder spurt of pee as I felt his tip just brush my cervix. "Oh god, fuck me!" I heard myself shout, not realizing at first that it was me. He grinned and backed out somewhat, then shoved himself back in more roughly this time, rubbing me and stretching me so that I shivered with delight. I think I had a minor orgasm; it was over before I could say for sure, and he was fucking me hard, forcing sprays of pee out of me that soaked his belly and crotch and thighs. He was grunting in my ear, his prick, if anything, expanding as it was soaked with my wee, filling me, so that it was all I could feel, as though my entire body were one huge vagina about to go off again.

"God," he gasped, "I'm going to..."

"Do it!" I yelled. "Do it! Do it! Do it!" I felt his prick jerk inside me, yanking my entire vagina up and down. "Do it! Do it! Do -- EEEEEEEEEEE" I screamed as he pushed himself as far in as he would go, spraying what felt like gallons, and that pushed me over the top. I screamed again, louder, the orgasm filling my body, wrapping my arms around him and convulsively pulling him against me, wee spraying out between us so hard it was coming down as a mist on my face. It seemed to last forever, while the world beyond our bodies and the pleasure was gone.

I came to myself I don't know how long after with a tongue lapping at the pee that was still dribbling out of my vagina. I grinned, knowing this was going to be a long night.

******

I woke late the next morning in a very wet and rather cold bed, and with a full bladder. I was no longer bothered about the latter -- I just let go, and the warmth of the urine felt soothing on my legs and arousing on my labia. "Can you bring him back again," I asked, without opening my eyes.

There was no response. I opened my eyes and looked about. No fairy anywhere. I sighed, then rubbed myself to a disappointing orgasm, got up and began to bag up the sheets for washing.

******

"The wee fairy stopped showing up," I told Clarissa, Monday at lunch. We were at a fast food restaurant a few blocks from work.

"Hmm? Oh right, you had one, didn't you. Yeah, they always disappear in the end, I think. I know mine did, just as I'd got used to her."

"Same here," I said, wondering if she had got used to hers in the same way I'd got used to mine.

"You know that hunk over there has been watching you since we got here, right?" she asked.

