Nature Trail Desperation Pissing (true story)

18th April 2010, 01:22 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Back in the early 1970's a local area in the south end of the city there was a pond and wetlands area made into a small nature preserve. There was a nice blacktopped trail that was made to hike around the pond and wetlands. I decided to take a look at it since it was new so on a nice Saturday morning I hiked up the hill taking a shortcut to it and was walking down a side street to the paved trails start.

As I walked down the street which I was walking downhill a black AMC Matador sedan passed me. I noticed that there were four women in the car and all the windows were down. As the black sedan passed me woman driver said she was stopping just up ahead. I'm pulling over. I have to piss! Now I only had twenty feet distance between me and the black sedan when she pulled the black sedan over right at the start of the paved trail of the nature preserve.

Where I wasI was higher then the paved trail and there was some small trees,high uncut grass, and bushes. I immeadiatly cut into them taking a chance i might be able to see the woman piss. As I started cutting through the scatered trees,bushes, and high grass the woman driver got out of the car. She was a white mature brunette wearing a complete outfit of black stretch shirt and sweatpants.

She hurried up the paved path. Then as second woman got out which was a younger black girl which she was in bright blue shorts and a white top. She was quite tall,long skinny legs,smal looking ass but she had big tits which really showed out well in her white top. Then right behind her came a third woman. She was also black and she was older like the white woman was. She was wearing a purple dress and she called out to the younger girl telling her wait for your mama! (younger black girl's mother)

The last woman that I had seen in the black sedan stayed in the car. Now I was still going through the high grass, brush, and scattered small trees above the trail. I was able to keep the frst white oman in sight for she was still hurrying along on the trail below me. Where she was on the trail it was going up hill but from that point where she was the street was still visible. She was trying to get to a spot on the trail that would make her out of sight from the street or piss herself first as she hurried up the trail.

Twenty feet further the trail made a bend and that put the black dressed white brunette out of sight from the street She stopped right in the middle of the paved path. I was up behind her but just off to the left standing right by a large bush. The white woman took both of her hands yanked down the black sweat pants bending over as she did to pull the sweatpants down real far.

Now I saw the large sized white panties she also had on and with her bent over taking care of her sweatpants her white panties had slid down her ass some. I could see part of her asscrack and her ample sized asscheeks too! Then the black mother duaghter came into view down on the trail. The white brunette was now pulling down her white panties as the black mother duaghter came up along side of her.

The white brunette shoved her white panties all the way down to her black sweatpants and she bent over bending her knees and was in a very high hover with her ass and hairy pussy sticking right out high in the air! She started to piss very hard shooting a bacwards lond stream of piss behind her which went back at least three feet behind her and into a small bush.

The black mother I heared her say to the pissing brunette; Woman you did have to piss! I;m glad that I'm not behind your ass! Now the duaghter of the black woman was having trouble with her blue shorts. They seemed that they were to tight on her. She was yanking at them,tip toeing,which she bounced and her big tits under her white top bounced hard almost making them pop completely out of the top!

Her mom seeing her duaghter having trouble with her tight shorts said to her; Child you shouldn't have worn them shorts! They are always a problem. The black mom reached over and with just one try got the shorts unhooked or unsnapped. Then the black duaghter yanked them down which she had no panties on but her dark tanned skin ass though small was really well curved. She immeadiatly squated right down and she sent out a arcing stream of piss right across the paved trail and into the weeds on the other side of it.

Now the black mom got ready to take her piss. She reached down and rlled up the bottom of her purple dress to her waist. She revealed a matching pair of purple panties. She took one hand and yanked them down from sisde to side till they were down far enough. Then she turned around and faced towards my direction!

The black mother had darker skin then her duaghter, her thighs were thicker but boy did she ever have a big patch of black curled pubic hair abobe her pussy! It was a big triangular shape too. But there was none down along side her pussy so nothing of it was hidden. Boy even from where I was from them the black mothers clit was a big one! Then she got down in a high squat next to her daugter who was still pissing with her stream still in the weeds on the other side of the paved trail.

Now the white brunette by this tim had her piss stream easing off so that it was nolonger shootin backwards behind her. Now it was going straight down and wetting te pavement of the trail and making a piss strail across it. Also now the black duaghter said to her mom; Mama do you mind! Get your black ass out of my face! ( the black mom had gotten into a high squat making her large black ass even with her duaghters face even though it was off to the side of her duaghter) The mom said sorry and lowered her ass down some and began to piss sending down a straight spraying piss stream on to the pavement of the trail.

Now by this time the white brunette was done pissing she pulled up her white panties up tighty into her asscrack and then did the same with her blackstretch pants. She told the black mother and duaghter she would meet them back at the car. She walked by those two not being able to avoid not stepping in each of thier piss that was running across the trail so the brunette left some wet foot prints on the paved trail after where the mother duaghter were pissing. ( that made me smile)

Then the black duaghter had her stream ease up. When it did it got messy. Her piss wetted all of her lower crotch she had three sepearte streams comming off of her now. Still the one from her pussy but two others I could see comming off from her asscheeks! The duaghter said Oh shit! ( loud enough for me to hear) Her mom who was faced the other way towards me asked; What's the matter child? I'm pissing all over myself. I didn't bring anything to wipe with and you didn't too!

My ass is all wet and so is my entire pussy! The duaghter went on saying back to her mother. Then just let the air dry you off her mom said back to her duaghter. By this time the duaghter had stopped pissing but still had piss dripping from under her pussy and off her ass. That will take to long! the duaghter said back to mother sounding abgry when she said it.

So the duaghter reached down and grabbed her blue shorts and started pullingthem till she could stand. Then she pulled them up the rest of the way which the blue shorts were tight the clung tightly on her and the duaghter said mainly to herself, Oh fuck it my shorts are wet now! Th duaghter started walking away which there was a darker blue area on the ass of her blue shorts I saw as she walked away.

That just left the black mom who was still pissing. Since she was a large woman her bladder must have been large in its size. She was still pissing almost as hard as she had been. She also must havegotten uncomfortible being in her squat for so long for she lowered herself down in a very low squat.

When she did her pis hit the trails pavement much harder and splashed hard on it. Her spashing piss came back up and like her duaghter the black mamas piss splashed on her asscheeks, crotch,pussy and even up on her inner thighs! But she didn't change her position. She stayed down low and just kept pissing. Then her stream shortly later eased up getting thin and she pissed like this for several seconds then she stopped.

But this was only a pause. She gave a hard push making the area around her pussy and her pussy itself buldge. A hard spurt of piss came out,her pussy cntracted and the it buldged again with another push and a less hard spurt of piss came oyt from her pussy and then followed some dribbling and dripping.

Then she had stopped. Then as I still watched she pulled her purple panties right off! Then she stood up spreaded her feet apart shoved the pair of purple panties hard into her crotch and gave a hard wipe upward withher purple panties. She then took a look at them flipped them over and shover them down into her lower crotch going downward wiping her crotch and even did the lower sides of her big asscheeks. Then wit one last wipe with the purple panties she did her inner upper thighs and tossed the purple panties far into the high weeds ans small bushes in front of her. As she walked away I heard her say to herself and she giggled as she said it; Mama needs a new pair of panties. Then she was gone.

