Being Drunk And Pissing Part 7

11th March 2010, 04:50 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Sometime durring the night the snowstorm that was rageing outside the wind had picked up and blew dow something or knocked something over with a loud bang. It woke me and Terry right up. I wanted to go see what it was. Terry turned on the light by the bed but it didn't come on. The storm had knocked out the power.

Terry said she had some candles so we both got out of bed together holding hands we groped through her almost totaly dark apartmentwhich was only her bedroom out to the kitchen. In the dark Terry did find in one of the cabinets the candles she had and we lit two of them. Now we could see. I had awoken with a erection and Terry let out a hard giggle for she saw my erection from the candle light. I told Terry I had a morning woody which I get them a lot. I also have to piss too which also makes me have a morning woody. Every morning? Terry asked me. I laughed and I told her most mornings but not all.

But we went to the livingroom together and we eached looked out a window to see if we could spot what made the loud bang that had woken us up. We couldn't see hardly at all for the wind driven hard falling snow made it so that we couldn't even see across the street. So that took care of that. At least having gas heat and the stove was gas we had heat and could eat. But what we did next was head for the bathroom so I could piss.

Terry and I set the candles down on the sink. The toilet lid and seat were up from the the last time we used. So I stood in front of the toilet with Terry standing right behind me holding my morning woodie in her hand aimed at te toilet. I needed no needed urge to push or help from Terry using her finfers to stimulate me to start my piss. As soon as she had me aimed I shot out a hard stream of piss from my cock.

It splashed real loud in the quietness. My stream had a very long twist that almost went the entire length of the stream. Boy did my piss make piss foam and made it fast! In seconds except where my piss was hiting the water the water was covered in yellow foam. I said to Terry; Thats as much foam in a glass when its filled with warm beer. Terry giggled at that.

Then Terry hugged up against me a little harder. Are you cold? I asked her. (we both were nude) Terry said just a little bit but you're making me warm fast. I could feel Terry's body heat on my back and ass and I told her she felt nice and warm to me too. I went on with my piss which lasted for a pretty good time. I stopped and did a few good finishing spurts. Terry shook my ock but after that she stayed hugging me hard and while she did this enjoyng my warmth Terry started slowly jerking me off! I didn't mind for I was enjoying her warmth and her jerking me off added just that more to my enjoyment!

But staying there in the bathroom soon ended. One of the candles flickered hard and went out. The other one started to flicker also. They were only short candles when we first lit them and now the one had burned down completely and the other one was just about to. So Terry grabbed the remaining candle and headed back out to the kitchen to get anothe candle going before that one went out.

Terry managed to dig out a single much bigger candle and lit it. This one would last till it did get to daylight. For now being up neither one of us would be able to go right back to sleep. So we were goig to stay up. We also didn't know what time it wa either. The kitchen clock had stopped at 3;12 so it was past that but how much passed would be anyones guess.

So we had plenty of time now to kill. Terry asked me if I was hungry. I wasn't but I did tell her I was thirsty. Terry kiddingly asked me; Want a beer? I laughed and told her no! But I will take a good hot cup of coffee. Terry said ok and put the old percualter coffee pot on the stove and we would have hot coffee in a short time.

Then Terry said to me; You know having just candle light sure makes it romantic. I let out a litle laugh. I teased her back telling Terry that only a gorl would think that way. Terry stuck her tounge out me and laughed. Your'e no fun! Terry said after sticking her tounge out at me. I did say then she was right it was romantic in its own way right now.

Terry then told me that we should take advantage of it then. I asked how? Terry told me we could dance a little. We could do that till the coffee is ready. Ok I said back to her but theres no power so we can't have music. You only have your stereo. Terry tld me she did have a old small portible radio and it was in the livingroom. It does work too!

So that's what Terry and I did waiting for the coffee to get done. We went into the livigroom. She dug out her portible radio turned it on and we danced nude right there n the livingroom! I'll admit that I had just as much fun doing it as Terry had! It was so nice to have her right up against me her breasts rubbing on me,my cock would get rubbed by her pussy at times, and when she spun around Terry would rub her bare ass right on my cock as we slow danced! We went on with our slow dancing even if the songs that weren't slow! We wound up going longer then needed. We went well past the needed time for the coffee to be made.

We did stop and did go out too the kitchen. Terry poured out two big mugs of coffee. We went back to the livingroom sat on the couch and drank the mugs of coffee while we sat. I also turned the radio from the musc station to a am station to catch the time and some news on the storm and power outage. Found out the time was near 5:30 now and the storm had knocked out the power in many areas. The storm was at least going to last till mid afternoon. Didn't matter I was here enjoying mysef and Terry and she was feeling the same.

Since it was 5:30 daylight was still over a hour off yet. I and Terry both didn't think that the onecandle would last that long. So we made another trip out to the kitchen to find more candles. I helped looking. I hit paydirt. I found a unoped box of short fat candles which there was a dozen of them in the box. Now Terry was all set for light. We had enough for the rest of the way till it did get lightenough not to need to use them. If the power stayed out tonight then Terry would have them to sue then too.

We had drank the mugs of coffe and after hunting up the candles Terry poured out a second round of coffee. We went back to the livingromset the mugs down but before we were going to sit nback on the couch Terry told me it was her turn to piss now. So we went right to her nathroom together so she could piss.

I had grabbed both lit candles for we had lit one more while in the kitchen. I set that down on te sink. Leave that one in here for I'm sure we'll be in here before daylight. There was a small window in the bathroom that would make it light enough to see later. Terry agreed and she went over to the toilet turned around stepped back over it. Terry was gong to piss standing again for me. I laughed and said to Terry; Your'e so nice to me! She let out a giggle and she started to piss.

Again Terry pissed hard right at the start of her piss. Her piss shot through her curled pubic hair wetting it which it matted together commingto a point. Beside her piss stream a thin stream of piss ran down off from her matted pubic hair this time too soit made it look lke there was a double stream. Being that Terry had been drinking last night and this was the first piss of the day her piss had a real strong piss oder to it. What popped right into my mind smeeling the oder of Terry's piss I would sure like to wipe her off with my tounge! I would ask Terry as soon as she would finish pissing.

Along with her pisses strong oder Terry's piss was a dark golden yellow. Her piss also made a good amount of foam dow inside the toilet on the surface of the water. Except the bubbles in her foam were larger and they crackled loud when they popped. The one thing I wished for thatwould happen was I wished her stream was hissing but it wasn't. I just love the sound of a girls piss stream when it did hiss.

Terry took a good long piss for her bladder had been full. Her stream did ease off paused she did a few short weak spurts then just a litle driping after her spurts. That's when I asked her If I could wipe her off. Terry smiled and said lets go right out to the livingroom them so I and you can be comfortible! You can have me and I'll have you! Terry then giggling hard raced right pass me and ran into the livingroom. I spun around ran after her.

