She invited me into the ladies for a pee!

29th May 2006, 01:55 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

This starts off as a true story, but becomes fantasy. I'll leave you to work out where that happens!:

It was a beautiful summer evening and I'd really rather have been at the pub, but I had to finish my report, and then get the last lot of business letters franked* and put in the post-tray that Gemma the temp hadn't had time to do. (*'Franking', for those that don't know, is putting letters through a machine that automatically prints a "stamp" on, ready for posting.)

The only other person left in the building was Laura, who worked in finance on the other side of the big open plan office. I'd always fancied her and we'd occasionally flirted, but she was in a kind of on/off relationship with her boyfriend so I'd never done anything serious. She was putting letters into envelopes and looked to be in a hurry.

Finally, I finished my report, and pressed "Print" so I could read it in full without having to scroll down a computer screen. I took the letters to the post-table, then, as I walked over to the printer in the middle of the office, Laura looked up.

"You working late too? It's a bummer isn't it" she smiled.

"Yep!" then seeing her start stuffing even faster I asked, laughing: "You're gonna set light to those letters at that rate Laura, you in a hurry to get out?"

"Its not that" she replied with a frown, "I just need the loo. I've told myself I've got to do all these letters before I can pee - its the only way I'll make myself finish them". I must confess, that did send my mind going a little, and I felt myself swell slightly down below. I needed a pee too.

I turned and absently watched the printer as it churned my report out, daydreaming about Laura and her filling bladder.

"At last, FINISHED!" I suddenly heard shouted behind me. I turned to see Laura stacking the envelopes into a neat pile and picking them up. "I'll be done in a mo."

"OK, I'll be finished too in a bit, let me know when you're ready, and I'll lock up when we leave." I told her.

"Sure. I just need to get these franked and put in the post tray, then I'll have my pee and I'll be with you." she replied.

"Actually, I'll follow you" I replied, then thinking how that sounded, went a bit red and corrected myself: "To the post I mean, not when you...pee!"

Laura giggled as she walked down the corridor. "Well, that WOULD be naughty!" she laughed. She looked back over her shoulder, and smiled so sexily, I couldn't stop my self swelling a bit more.

I offered to put her letters through the franking machine with mine, so she could go to the loo, but she said "No, you feed them through, and I'll put them in the post tray as they come off." But as she stood at the end of the machine, waiting for the first lot, she started bobbing up and down, and grimacing.

"You sure you're OK?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'll be fine." but bit her lip.

We chatted as the letters churned through the machine, and the flirty talk started getting extremely arousing as we started talking about our mutual need to pee! But finally the letters were done and put in the tray, and I followed Laura as she walked back down the corridor towards the toilets. She opened the door of the ladies.

"Well, I won't follow you in THERE!" I laughed.

I carried on down the corridor to the gents, but then heard a door open and Laura's voice behind me.

"Well, you can, ...if you like..."

I turned, and not knowing if I'd heard her right, mumbled "Sorry?"

"I mean...if you want to come in the ladies with me, I don't mind.." her face was flushed, partly with embarresment, but also - I could tell - with arousal. I saw her eyes look down at my crotch, and as I looked down, I saw a huge bulge, with the end of my semi-hard penis creating a point at the front of my trousers. Wow, I hadn't realised it was like that! I knew I was a bit hard, but I'd tried to ignore it and hoped it didn't show too much. But clearly Laura had been noticing it for a while, and, following our chat

, was now feeling decidely horny!

I walked towards her, mouth dry. "Yeah, OK" was about all I could say.

She put her hand out to take mine. It felt hot and sweaty, and was trembling slightly. She led me into the ladies, and into the large cubicle.

"So, what's that all about?" she asked, pointing at my crotch and smiling.

"Sorry Laura, it's cos you needed the loo. It kind of turned me on" I said sheepishly.

"Did it? Well, I'd better get it out for you, 'cos its gonna get huge in a moment".

She undid my fly, reached in, and levered out my semi-erect penis and arranged it so it was pointing forwards, giving it a few rubs for luck. Then, she stepped back towards the loo, and unzipped her skirt, sliding it down and stepping out of it, revealing plain white panties, hugging every curve of her hips and pussy mound. Putting her fingers into the elastic on either side, she slid them down to the ground, revealing a small patch of pubic hair.

"I think you're going to enjoy this" she said, moving back and standing over the bowl, legs either side. A couple of drips were suddenly followed by a torrent. Her lips, swollen with arousal, made the stream come out as a blade, and Laura reached down, spreading her lips so it changed to a solid rod of pee. This was all getting too much for me. But my now desperate need to pee prevented me getting fully hard, and I stepped forward, pointing my cock into the bowl.

"Here, let me." said Laura, and reached forward to take hold of my penis. I relaxed, and let my own rod of pee power into the bowl. The noise was amazing! Laura then aimed it up slightly, so I was pissing on her clit. She was moaning with pleasure.

Finally, our streams slowed, and Laura grabbed me and pulled me towards her as we kissed passionately. She reached down between us and grabbed my now rock hard dick, and pulled it - almost painfully - towards her opening. I instinctively squatted down slightly as she aimed it towards her puffy labia. It found its goal, and slid into to the soaking hole easily. Her hand now free, she started to rub her clit furiously as I pounded into her, and we continued kissing, tongues entwined. Finally I shot my seed into her, and as my orgasm subsided, helped Laura bring herself to her own shattering climax.

Who needs overtime pay when you can enjoy this kind of out-of-hours fun!

