Jane's naughty peeing tales

28th August 2015, 10:38 PM

Author: whiskey35

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 78

Hi Jane from Wet Carpet Magazine, this story is a bit longer so I thought it would be better posting it separately and was a totally unplanned and unexpected naughty pee that happened the other night when I was driving home from work.

Julie wasn't with me, we still haven't arranged our night out yet, but this time a colleague from work Andrea who lives close to me. Andrea had been working with us on her summer holidays from university and I've been giving her a lift. She's an attractive, very intelligent girl and has fitted in very well, though at sometimes a little shy. However after this journey we certainly weren't shy with each other.

It was straightforward until we reached a normal bottleneck on the route, where it was stop start bumper to bumper traffic for around 5 - 10 minutes as two lanes merged into one, followed by a slow moving section for around 10 - 15 minutes as the traffic sorted itself out. First section went as normal but when reached the second bit it was at a standstill, so I thought something was wrong. The travel bulletin on the drivetime show on the radio didn't mention anything so it must have just happened. Nothing else for it but to grin and bear it and hope it soon got moving again.

It was at this point that I regretted not nipping to the loo before leaving the office, as the first twinge in my bladder let me know. I looked across at Andrea and she was shifting about a little in her seat so I suspected she might need a pee as well, but as I didn't mention anything at this stage and we just chatted away. About 20 minutes later the next travel bulletin announced an accident ahead and that the emergency services had just arrived. Hopefully it wasn't too serious and it would be soon cleared as I now seriously needed a pee and mentioned this casually to Andrea but she didn't respond and I let it go as knowing how shy she sometimes was.

We had moved very little before the next travel bulletin let us know that traffic was at a standstill in the area. «Talk about stating the obvious» I uttered «why don't you tell us something useful like how long it's going to take.» I began to think if I had anything in the car that I could have an emergency pee into to take the pressure off but realised I'd cleaned it out last weekend so there was nothing. The constant stop start moving and pressing and releasing the clutch definitely wasn't helping either. Andrea had now gone very quiet, but when I asked if she was alright, she replied «yes just a bit tired.» With her legs tightly crossed I knew she was in trouble too.

20 minutes later and there was some good news on the travel news that the accident had been cleared to the side of the road, but form where they said it was I knew it would take at least half an hour to pass it, so drastic action was needed. Fortunately there was a turnoff coming up that would take us to a back road home. I willed the traffic to move forward and 5 minutes later we were a car length away from it and with the next move I squeezed my car into the gap and we were off. It was great to be moving again, however with still a least 40 minutes to Andrea's house I knew there was no way we would make it home with dry knickers, so a piss stop was definitely required.

Good job I knew the road and about a mile ahead there was a gateway to a derelict factory. «Don't know about you Andrea, but I'm absolutely bursting for a pee, so I'm going to pull over just up the road» I said giving her a bit of warning, «what about you?»

«I should be alright» she replied. I doubted that very much but that was up to her as I was certainly stopping for a piss.

With the gateway coming up I pulled in and quickly jumped out and ran round to the passenger side of the car. Now I wasn't bothered if any of the passing cars knew what I was doing, but didn't want to give them a full show, so I opened the front passenger door, followed by the back one and stepped into the gap. With my back to the bemused Andrea, I hitched up my business skirt and with a deft move hooked my thumbs into the waist band of my white frilly knickers and lowered them to my knees as I dropped into a squat.

No butterflies this time as a huge gushing piss erupted out of my lips, blasting the tarmac below me forming a frothy river as it ran towards the gate. I sighed loudly as the immense relief continued. A full afternoon's worth of pee emptied out of me before tapering off to a stop. I turned slightly sideways to Andrea and asked her to reach me a tissue out of the glove box. After a few quick wipes I stood up and turned towards the car inadvertently flashing my neatly trimmed bush at Andrea as I raised my knickers adjusting them and my skirt.

«I'm so, so sorry Andrea» realising what I'd just done, having your colleagues bits flashed at you was not something that you would normally expect on a lift home, «I didn't mean to do that.»

«You're alright» she murmured. Knowing how desperate she must also be, I decided that I had to try to help her overcome any shyness she may have, otherwise Andrea would be even more embarrassed if she went home with wet pants. «Are you sure you don't want to go as well Andrea?» I asked. «There's nothing to be ashamed about if you worried about what anyone thinks and I certainly won't say anything.»

«It's not that» she replied almost tear fully, «I'm that full my back teeth are almost floating, but it's just I've never had a wee outside before and don't know how to do it.» Astonished by that, I replied «As you might have noticed I do, so I'll talk you through it,» winking at her.

Andrea gingerly got out of the car and stood up slowly so as not to put any more pressure on her bladder. «Right first thing you need to do is drop your trousers and knickers to roughly about your knees.» Whether it was due to nerves or because she was bursting, Andrea was shaking as she lowered her smart trouser suit pants to her knees. As she went next for her pink lacy boy shorts, I noticed how close to the edge she was as there was a ten pence sized wet spot on them where she had leaked slightly and that she had a very thin landing strip of pubic hair, she may be wasn't that shy in other ways! «Next you want to squat down and then spread you legs out slightly so that your pee stream can pass through them.»

«How low should I squat?» she asked. «Whatever is comfortable for you,» I replied encouragingly, «you might have to adjust it a few times, but don't worry about it.»

Andrea then dropped down to a low squat with her shapely ass nearly on the ground. Despite being absolutely bursting her bladder was refusing to release its contents. She willed the pee to start and was nearly rewarded as she felt a small stream start to drip out of her, put it was a cruel false start. Then as she leaned forward which raised her squat slightly the dam broke and a massive jet shot out of her lips and arced forward before splashing down on the ground in front of her hissing loudly as it went due to the pent up pressure behind it. Andrea was in sheer ecstasy at the relief she was getting and gasped loudly.

She couldn't believe her she was having a wee at the side of some road with cars passing but couldn't care less and wondered why she had never done so before. «You certainly needed that pet» I said as I passed her a tissue to wipe with, but Andrea was far from done as she continued pissing for at least a minute before stopping briefly. She wasn't finished though and after another slight adjustment she was off again for at least another 30 seconds. Looking up Andrea couldn't believe the size of lake of pee in front of her, but shouldn't have been surprised as this was her first pee since the morning. At lunch time just as she was going to nip to the loo, the phone went as she got waylaid. Finally finished she had a few shakes before wiping and then pulled up her knickers and trousers.

Now fully relieved we both got back into the car, Andrea smiling broadly as she relaxed back into the seat. «Jane thank you for showing me how to wee outside, I don't know what I'd have done without your help,» as we pulled back out onto the road. «It was my pleasure, «I replied. The rest of the journey home was less stressful now with the pressure well and truly off. Andrea was a lot chattier now and admitted that she had enjoyed the naughty pee. I told her I was surprised she had never peed outside before especially after some of my own experiences as a student. As I was leaving her off I jokingly told her «Your homework for tonight is to have a pee in an alleyway on the way home from the pub.» Laughing she replied «I might need you to show me how to again! See you in the morning»

Apologies if the story was a bit long, but hope you enjoyed it, I certainly enjoyed the relief and maybe I'll share my next one with you.

Jane

