Lisa and me

26th January 2008, 03:18 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

This is a continuation of something I've been writing about in another thread ("Pee and maybe love in a stable!" in the forum Pee Stories). So if you wish to be familiar with what already has occurred, please, look into that thread. I've chosen to continue here because there will probably be parts that are not pee related... (but I can assure you, there will be pee stuff as well...).

I haven't been able to continue writing about Lisa and me until now... There are so many feelings and so much thinking involved, Love is such a delicate matter! But I'll try to tell some of what has been going on since our first kiss last Sunday...

But at first I find it necessary to point out that what I've told earlier about Lisa and me and what I'm going to tell is the truth and nothing but the truth... Love in itself is so wonderful, so beautiful, that there is no need to embellish... Some of you may know what I mean...

When Lisa and I separated last Sunday, we decided to go to a nice and intimate Greek restaurant the next day. We met outside the restaurant. I was very nervous and very shy... What were we supposed to do the first time we met after our first kisses... Well, she wasn't as shy as I! She went straight up to me, embraced me and kissed me right on my mouth! Her lips were so smooth and warm and they made me want more! But she took me by my hand and led me into the restaurant, where she had reserved a table, discreetly located in a corner. I was so overwhelmed by my feelings of love for her, that I hardly remember anything of what we were having to eat and drink... We talked and talked, mostly about how much we loved each other! And I told her that she was the cutest girl in the world and she said; no, that's you my most beloved girl! Guess we sounded pretty silly! After a couple (or more...) glasses of wine we confessed to each other the obvious, that we both liked pee plays. And I said:

- "Talking bout pee, I think I must go to the toilet!" She put a hand on my thigh...

- "No, you don't! Let's have some fun! Do as I say!" Caressing her way along my thigh she pulled up my skirt and made me rise a little and moved the skirt away so that I shouldn't sit on it. She put her hand on my crotch and moved it with tender strokes outside my panties!

- "Now", she whispered. "Try to let your pee go in small spurts at a time, we won't want to flood the floor! Wanna feel your hot pee on my hand!"

I hadn't to be pressed. I let out the first spurt. Well, a minor misjudgement... It wasn't just a little spurt... Lisa gasped when she felt my pee forcing through my panties on her hand! Although I by now was soo horny, I managed to steady my pee to be delivered in smaller spurts...

- "Oh, you're making me so horny!" Lisa panted. She pulled up her skirt and urged me:

- "Come on! I'm peeing myself any moment now! Let me pee on your hand!"

I put my hand on her crotch. She parted her thighs slightly so I could get better access... Oh, my god! Her crotch was soaking wet and sticky from her pussy juices! Then she too began to wet her panties in small spurts of pee... Her pee felt so nice and hot on my hand...

We continued to let out small amounts of pee now and then, while our hands remained on respective crotch, slowly stroking... I started to feel an orgasm coming any second when the waitress came to get our order for dessert! I managed to control myself until she was gone, but then I came in my first lovely orgasm by Lisa's hand! Fortunately they were playing Greek music rather high, because I couldn't restrain myself from moaning out loud when I came! And I hadn't even finished orgasming before Lisa came! She too groaned loudly, yes so loud that a woman sitting at a nearby table turned her head and looked at us! We might have had funny expressions on our faces, but otherwise she couldn't have seen anything...

We stopped peeing so that we wouldn't leave too obvious traces. Our pee had soaked into the soft chairs and there were no puddles on the floor. Hopefully no one would notice anything of our doings as it was closing time when we left the restaurant. We hoped so because now this place was "our" restaurant and we wanted to come back...

We went to my apartment. On the way we peed our panties twice, the last time when we were embracing each other! As it was so dark outside we didn't bother that we peed on the skirts! On the whole way home we laughed and giggled and stopped a hundred (do I have to correct that figure?) times to kiss!! We were so, so very much in love!!!

Lisa stayed the whole night at my place, but that is a story I'm not going to share with you! (But we didn't get much sleep...)

So now, enough for this time...

Yvette in love

