The breakup (part I) (The pre-peeing part)

8th January 2007, 02:50 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

The Breakup

"Are you even listening to me?!" Kammy's eyes flashed with rage. "You're just a fucking penis!"

"I am not!" I responded in confusion, desperately trying to figure out how I could salvage our 'relationship'.

Kammy was on the High School cheerleading squad, and even though I didn't play football I was tall and strong. Coach Parker had approached me one day, in the hallway between classes, and asked me if I had ever played football. He said that he was looking for linemen. Kammy, a tall gorgeous blonde with nice breasts had came over to me and encouraged me to join. It was the first time I had ever spoken to her. She had invited me to eat lunch with her and her friends. Her friends were jocks and girls from wealthy families, so I didn't have much in common with them. They talked about parties, and how ugly and stupid other girls were. The jocks just gave me a hard time, but eased up a little when Kammy told them I might play football.

"You just want to fuck me, don't you?" Kammy continued. She seemed to take a sort of satisfaction in the fact.

I bit my tongue knowing that whatever I said it probably would kill any possibility that I would ever fuck her.

"You don't listen to me. You never listen to anybody! That's why you're so fucking unpopular."

"I listen to you and I'm not really unpopular.."

"Oh yeah? Then why were you just over there drooling over the librarian?"

"I uh.. wasn't drooling." I croaked ackwardly terrified that she had noticed my slight hard-on when Miss Johnson had accidently brushed my left arm with her breast.

"You can't seriously believe that you have any sort of even the tiniest fucking possibility with her. She's in her fucking twenties. And you're just a pimply faced looser"

I felt my face flush and my heart beat hard as I tried to think of a response. "I'm not pimply faced." I defended.

"Well I've gotta fucking go. I'm not spending my fucking free period here in the library like you. Look around you, do you see any other fucking losers here?"

"We're the only people here..."

"Yeah... well get a fuckin clue!" Kammy gave me a wide eyed exasperated look.

"I'll see you here tomorrow?" I stammered. Kammy rolled her eyes and stormed out.

"Well fuck you too." I muttered to myself as she left.

The next day I headed for the library again when my free period arrived. It was a big library for a High School. Large, empty of anybody but me, with only the sound of the flourescent lights buzzing annoyingly. I started working on my math homework, immediately lost interest, and decided to sneak over, while the coast was clear, and check out some books on nude photography in the art section.

My favorite book was there! It was a large hard covered book with color, and black and white pictures of naked women. Unfortunately some of the best pictures had been cut out. I felt myself starting to grow hard as I studied a black and white picture of a naked woman sitting on a couch so that her womanly hips flared slightly.

I heard somebody coming and I immediately closed the book and stuck it back onto the shelf. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Miss Johnson appear pushing a cart loaded with books. "May I help you find something?" She asked in a soft voice.

"I uh.." I half answered ackwardly continuing to face the bookshelves nervous that she might notice my hard on.

Coming up behind me she set her left hand softly on my left shoulder and I felt her left breast and nipple softly make contact with my back. I could feel her heart beating hard and I went even harder.

"Are you interested in photography?" she asked.

"I um..."

I defensively stepped away from her and she let go with her hand. I pretended to spot the book that I was looking for on the bottom shelf and I squatted down hiding my erection. It was the "Big Book Of Photographic Methods."

"No thanks.." I said "I think that I found what I'm looking for."

"No thanks?" she repeated in amusement.

I felt myself flushing.

"I'm here if you need any help. And..." In a softer voice "... you can call me Patricia if you like"

"Okay.." I watched in amazement as she walked off pushing the cart. Oh god I loved her long brown hair, and her womanly shape. She had fuller hips and breasts than the girls my age but she still had a tiny waist. "Patricia" was extremely attractive!

Slowly I stood back up and tried to relax but it wasn't easy. Finally relaxing enough that I was close to normal I headed back to the table where I had left my books, grabbed everything, then retreated to the library bathroom where peeing strangely helped me relieve my hard-on.

I saw Kammy only briefly later that day and the expression that she gave me told me what I already knew -- things were over between us.

The next day I anxiously headed for the library. I was full of nervous excitement that subsided a little when I saw Patricia engrossed in cataloging books behind the counter. I could relax a little. Perhaps what I needed was a good novel, so I headed into the fiction section. Slowly I began to search through the books in front of me, pulling out an occasional book when a title caught my eye.

"Excuse me." I heard Miss Johnson say nervously and I felt her breasts brush my back and her pussy rub my rear. She put a couple books onto the shelf to my left, then rubbing me again as she passed once more she grabbed the last book off of the cart. Then shockingly she put an arm around me and actually snuggled up against me for a moment as she placed a book in front of me. I went instantly hard. Then as quickly as she appeared she was gone. Once more I retreated for the bathroom.

"Are you going to play ball this year?" Kammy's jock friend Bruce asked me in the hallway as I gathered my books to head home for the day.

"I don't know.."

"It'll get you chicks." Bruce winked. "And just between the two of us," He grinned to himself ".. spending time in the library isn't going to do it."

"I know." I laughed in agreement.

Joining the football team would give me something more to do with myself. As it was my dad traveled a lot with his job and often wasn't home on weekends. And many times mom would go with him too. I spent a lot of time sitting around the house just reading books. A sport would be good for me. Bruce, and other guys who didn't read much, didn't know what they were missing out on. Suddenly I had a craving for a really good erotic book written by a horny female author. School was over for the day and the building was almost empty but I knew that the library would be open for at least another hour as Miss Johnson got things straightened away for the weekend.

The library was dead silent. I saw Miss Johnson up on the second level putting away books and I headed back over the to fiction section. I got lucky and stumbled on a book that was so good that I was almost afraid to check it out. Then I suddenly realized that Miss Johnson was upstairs.

Half hiding the book, from I don't know who, I headed up the stairs my heart beating hard.

"Miss Johnson.." I called. She didn't seem to notice me.

"Patricia.." I ventured in a slightly shaky voice. This caught her attention and she turned and gave me a lusty smile. But then she turned back grabbed another book and bent over and wiggled her rear at me as she placed it on a lower shelf.

I nervously approached Miss Johnson and stepping up along side of her "Patricia.. I've got a book I..." Impetuously she put an arm around me snuggled me against her and rubbed her cheek against mine. Then kissed me on the cheek and let go. I was speechless. My heart was pounding hard and I helplessly felt my penis bulging in my pants. She saw it.. and smirked.

Temporary insanity overtook me. I swallowed the lump in my throat, and wrapped my left arm around her letting my left hand settle on her left breast. Her heart was beating harder than mine and her nipple was hard and erect. My right hand found its way down to her right leg and she leaned her hip against my bulging penis. I slid my hand up and down her slacks feeling her firm thigh, and then up.. up and between her thighs I slid my hand feeling her vagina. I laid my hand to rest on her mound as my middle finger stroked between her legs.

"Mmmm.." Patricia pressed her cheek against mine.

I slid around behind her sqeezing her rear against my engorged member. "Ahhh..ahhh" Patricia gasped as I unzipped her. My hands eagerly pulling her slacks down revealing white lacy panties. I had my own pants down in seconds. I explored her hairy mound with both hands as I slid my now throbbing member into her dripping wet but tight pussy. My head spun. It seemed to be such a primal, raw, and utterly mind numbing thing to do.

"Oww.." she moaned as my penis, now ridiculously huge, slid deep into her dripping wet pussy. My hands slid up under her blouse and somehow I managed to undo her bra as I pushed and she squeezed and we pumped together in rhythm. My hands were now up on her breasts.

My penis began to burn approaching explosion. Then I suddenly realized what I was doing. I had to stop. I couldn't do this! I tried to stop but it felt to overwhelmingly good. I fought valiantly trying to prevent the ejaculation, but in vain. I felt Patricia beginning to tremble beneath me and I exploded so powerfully that I nearly passed out.

When I regained my senses I found that we were lying together on the floor. "My god... that felt good." Patricia kissed me softly on the cheek. "You can fuck me.. anytime you want!"

"Well you know... My parents are gone... on a business trip." I explained between breaths "And they won't be home until Wednesday."

Patricia grinned devilishy "How about eight? Tonight?"

I responded by nodding as I grinned ear to ear. Then we cuddled and kissed on the lips.

