In the beginning!

26th February 2009, 03:51 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

I always had a thing about watching women pee, I could not resist listening to the lovely hussing sound as it passed through the lips.

I used to listen at the door when my sister-in-law used to pee when she visited us. One day she left the door ajar in the middle of the night and I watched her do it. She had no idea that I had seen her peeing until...my partner told her.

My partner had felt me get out of bed and saw me watching her sister. She said nothing to me about it in the morning. So I was unaware that I had been discovered watching.

The next evening we were all three of us playing cards and drinking a couple of bottles of wine and soda as we usually did most evenings. I had noticed that when I went to the bathroom early in the evening and returned to play my hand the conversation between them just stopped, I think we all know that feeling.

As the night wore on I failed to notice that anyone of them got up to pee, however, I did notice that my partner was jerking her feet and knees up and down late that evening.

About 11.30pm I went to go to the bathroom and they both said, the one who pee's first has to cook the dinner tomorrow. As I hated cooking I held on for about an hour or just a little over and then I had to admit defeat I was bursting...little did I realise what I was in for.

By this time we had drunk three bottles of wine and three bottles of soda water.

I went to the bathroom and I was getting my cock out ready to relieve myself when the door opened and both my partner and her sister came in with just thier panties on.

OK, my partner said, so you like watching my sister pee. Her sister then said, lay on the floor (we have a largish wet room).

So I layed down and let them take my jeans and pants off.

They then started to piss all over me, my partner was standing over my crotch pissing all over my cock and my body and my sister-in-law was pissing all over my face and in my mouth. Oh how I enjoyed drinking her pee, this was the first time that I had done anything like this and it really felt good.

I said to my sister-in-law, kneel down and piss over me closer, she took off her Panties and she more or less sat on my face and let even more go. I licked and licked her until she was dry, I then licked my partner dry.

During the course of the next couple of months my sister-in-law came to visit more often as she was recently divorced, and we repeated this many times and we even had sex most times afterwards, lucky me .

I remember these times very fondly now and wished that they would come round again, but alas my partner is no longer with us. So I just have to think of those wonderful times we used to share.

There were a few other times that we had this kind of experience with other people also, including a couple of friends of mine. We had a very open relationship and I consider myself very fortunate to have had someone like this in my life. But these further experiences shall be saved for another time.

