Maning Up

24th September 2014, 07:01 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Steph slugged back the last of her beer and slammed it down on the table with a smile at her friend sitting across from her. "TGIF" she yelled over the loud music of club.

Chelsea smiled back at her, "agreed" she said, as she sipped away at her drink.

It was ladies night at the club. The two friends had come out to blow off some steam after a long week at work. They'd spent the last 3 hours dancing out on the floor, shaking it up with each and fighting for the attraction of the few guys who had decided to try there luck at the club that night. The girls were now taking a much needed break, and enjoying a few of the discount drinks on special that night.

Steph ordered another drink, as she crossed her legs, ignoring the usually twinge that her full bladder had been giving her for the last hour. The 21 year old was dressed for the kill. A black top and denim skirt. Her companion was equally as stunning in a navy dress which reached her knees, and a pair of shinny tights on underneath. She tipped back the last of her drink, and started to chew on the tooth pick, with a sly little smile.

I'm soo glad we decided to come out she said, It's been such a long week at work. She was a beautiful 22 year old, not big by anymeans but curvy where it counted. Similar to her friend, who was now sitting with a pout on her face across from her.

We should really do this more often she said, crossing her legs tighter. God, she moaned, I have to piss soo baaaddd, but I'm having too much fun.

Chelsea laughed, "steph you always do wait till the last minute don't you"

Steph laughed and smiled naughtily to herself, "yup, always wait till im leaking at the seams" she laughed then stopped in a pained expression, as she placed her hand to her abdomen. "like I am now" she moaned.

Chelsa just laughed again, " i'll be honest, I'm bursting too, could do with a slash, lets go"

The girls began to tip toe across the bar, headed for the back of the club where the bathrooms were located. As they reached the ladies they saw a long line of 10 girls snaking out of the bathroom. several were in various stages of desperation.

Steph pouted again as they joined the back of the line, "god theres always a line when I'm desperate, god I hate being a girl sometimes"

Chelsea laughed, but not as hard this time. She had to pee worse then she realized, she squeezed her thighs together, trying to hold it in. As bad as shape she was in she knew steph was in worse shape. Steph always waited till she was about to piss herself before acknowledging she need to pee.

She looked at her friend who was biting her upper lip. By no means a stranger to desperation, steph was in worse shape then usual. Her bladder was bursting with all the drinks she had consumed, pressing down against her peehole, her eyes bulged as she was hit with a contraction, forcing her to bend over and press her hands to her crotch. Chelsea watched empathetically, she was now starting to shift from side to side, and had her hand on her stomach to support her full bladder. "you ok steph?"

No" she moaned, "im about to fucking piss my pants here, I've never had to pee this bad before" She now was standing with her legs tightly crossed, squeezing herself shut, trying to keep herself dry.

Chelsea, moaned as she was hit with a spasm. She squeezed tight, trying to keep herself from flooding her tights with beer piss that threatened to burst out of her. "I'm not much better then you, I just about dampened my pants there"

Steph rolled her eyes, as she doubled up again with another painful spasm. "my panties are already damped, I've leaked twice. I'm about to explode all over the floor"

More girls had joined the line behind them, one you blonde who was openly holding herself and dancing in line.

Steph felt another leak dampen her panties. They had been in line for 10 minutes and there were still more then 6 girls in front of them. "whats taking so long" she yelled

The girl in front of her turned and told her that one stall of the 4 was broken, and a girl was being sick in another.

"what" Steph yelled in disbelief...theres 2 stalls for all these girls!!!

Chelsea moaned loudly. The girl behind them was in disbelief too, her eyes bulged at hearing the news. "God I can't wait that long!!, I'm pissing myself right now!!" She began to look for a solution to her desperate dilemma, and spy'd a potted plant in the hallway. The girl strode over to it, pulled up her dress and released a torrent of clear hot piss into the soil. He stream was thick and strong, the young girl sighed as she continued to relieve herself in front of the long line of girls waiting.

Chelsea just stared in disbelief. Steph's eyes grew wide and she doubled over, her fingers pressed to her peehole. The sound of another girl recieveing relief torture to her ears. Her rock hard bladder spasmed, sending an ocean of piss surging towards her urethral opening.

Standing up with her hands still tight to her crotch, she turned to her friend.

"I'm not gonna make it, damn's about to burst, I need to find something to piss in soon"

Chelsea nodded in agreement, "where though steph"

Steph looked around, and spied the men's room.

Come on, "she said, as she shuffled towards it, followed closely by Chelsea, who was now bent over at the waist, hands on her aching bladder for support.

They entered the dingy room. It was small, small enough that the owners didn't feel it needed a stall.

Both girls stood in the middle of the room, desperate for relief, unsure what to do. Steph spied the two urinals hanging from the wall. She nodded in their direction, as she started to hobble towards them.

Chelsea stood with her mouth open in shock..."steph you can't!!"

Steph turned to her "why not??"

Chelsea giggled dispute her desperation. "you don't have...you know a dick steph"

Steph giggled too, "well when you gotta go you gotta go...I didn't say I needed to piss in a toilet"

Chelsea laughed again,"but steph you'll make a terrible mess"

Steph rolled her eyes, " its coming out either way" she stood infront of the urinal, straddling the lip. It was about mid thigh. She flipped up her denim skirt over her curvy bum, and pulled her panties to the side.

Smiling naughtly to herself again, she spread her thick pussy lips and relaxed. instantly a thick clear stream of hot piss exploded out of her, arching into the urinal. It hit in the bottom gurgly has is flowed down the drain. steph moaned with relief, as she turned to Chelsea, "this will do" she laughed.

Chelsea just laughed, but leaned against the sink, and moaned in pain as she held back her ocean, her hands too her crotch to hold it in. She was glad her friend had found relief, but it was killing her to listen to. She just watched as steph continued to gush piss in to the urinal, unsure how she was going to find her relief. Steph seeing her friends predicament, encouraged her, "come on chels, it's easy"

Chelsea seemed unsure, "I can't steph"

Steph pinched her flow off for a minute, and turned towards her, "come on silly, you want wet pants??" as she nudged towards the second urinal.

Chelsea in her desperation, resigned herself, She pulled up her dress and pulled down her tights, now standing naked before the urinal. "now what she asked shy'll.

Steph laughed, " make a v with your fingers, spread your lips and let it fly"

Chelsea pulled her lips apart and arched her hips towards the urinal. Her piss burst from her urethra and flew into the urinal. A single thick stream streamed out of Chelsea's ureathra as her distended bladder began to empty. Chelsea couldn't believe it, she was standing, pissing in a mens urinal out of shear desperation. The relief she felt was immense, as she stared down in amazement at the flood of urine flowing from her and arching into the urinal, splashing noisily.

Steph laughed, as she straddled back up to the urinal next to her. "there you go girl" she said, as she pulled up her skirt and blasted an even more powerful stream back into her urinal, so powerful it began to splash on the floor.

