Two-timer breaks the ice...

8th December 2006, 11:03 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Many of you will have read my earlier series of posts, where I was incredibly lucky that my first girlfriend, Kim, had a mutual interest in pee, resulting primarily from the fact that she enjoyed the sensation caused by a full bladder, which turned her on.

I've now exhausted that rich seam of recollections: Kim and I drifted apart, living a couple of hundred miles apart and both with new partners. Hers? Roger, mentioned in an earlier post - she later married him.

My posts that follow will be somewhat sparse and restrained by comparison. Still...I have been lucky.

To set the scene here I'm going to be lazy and quote directly from an earlier post...first, though, let's turn the clock back to 1981.

"By now, I had left University and had my first job. This was a couple of hundred miles from London and although I was salaried, I was very much a trainee for the first year and the money didn't seem to go far enough, now that I was paying rent on my own flat and keeping the car going, too.

Just to complicate the issue, in the last month of my time at Uni, I had gained a girlfriend who lived about a couple of hundred miles in the opposite direction. By the early summer of '81, I had been going out with Sarah for nearly a year: all very conventional and no wet experiences at that stage..."

I had met Sarah whilst I was at University. She was the girlfriend of one of my University friends, Chris, and was at Polytechnic in the neighbouring town, though she hailed from the North East (I'll not say exactly where!). She visited Chris most weekends and invariably became involved in the usual social events.

We got close when about twenty of us were crammed into a tiny bedsit room following a pub crawl - much booze had already flowed and we were all pretty mellow. Early in the proceedings, though, it had become clear that Sarah was annoyed with Chris about something: once we had made ourselves conmfortable I found that she was sitting on the floor opposite me and making faces at me.

A bit of what seemed like harmless banter passed between us - laden with sexual innuendo, naturally - and egged on by others, Sarah came and snuggled up to me. If Chris was bothered, he didn't show it. Just in passing, Kim was hundreds of miles away and it was lovely to have a warm female to cuddle...

Sarah was attractive: she was about 5'4" with shoulder length brown hair, green eyes and a very curvy body - one might even say voluptuous! Big boobs - a 38D - and a lovely accent.

Before long we were kissing and tongues were soon in play...great fun, with the rapidly rising excitement levels.

It had to stop all too soon...and that was it, for a while. My first career job was not too far from where Sarah lived and eventually I got an invite from her to visit for the weekend. No Chris...I needed no second thought.

Sarah was actually quite inexperienced and shy sexually - on reflection, I'm not sure what this said about Chris! And it wasn't as if I was exactly highly experienced, either...

First time - we had been to the pub with her house mate and her boyfriend: it ws obvious we would be spending the night together. We went to the bedroom and after some clothed foreplay Sarah excused herself to the bathroom. The latter was an addition to her rented two-up, two-down terrace house and separated only by a stud partition wall from her bedroom.

I could hear her pee hissing loudly and cascading into the water - Kim's was normally a delicate hiss and demure tinkle unless she was aroused.

It was then my turn in the bathroom and by the time I got back to the bedroom it was in darkness and Sarah was in bed. I undressed and got in with her - it soon became clear she didn't want me to see her naked, though I could not imagine why not. Fingers were the order of the day - I found her wet and ready, her labia were obviously quite large and prominent, quite the opposite of Kim.

Even in the morning when it was light, she was careful not to let me see below her waist - she hopped out of bed and slipped on her dressing gown.

Over the next few months I visited her regularly - she didn't have a car, and it seemed easier. Sex followed the same pattern - mutual petting, very much under the bedcovers - but whilst I would easily come (in the missionary position!) she would not and I felt guilty about that.

Sarah certainly wouldn't let me use my tongue on her pussy although by now she seemed comfortable letting me see her naked - she had a lovely neat patch of brown curls; her inner labia were prominent, protruding from the outer labia and could clearly be seen, peeking from between closed thighs! Ah...

And then one weekend I needed to fix the car and so Sarah came to visit me - I had a rented flat. On the Friday night we went to the pub in the village - a bit of rough, really. When we got back we were both very tipsy - she went for a pee - she seemed to take ages - and I then did too.

We were in bed in seconds - the light stayed on this time. The covers were turned down and Sarah didn't argue, I was kissing her all over, gradually moving nearer to her pussy. I felt her stiffen and I looked up - to my surprise tears were in her eyes and she whispered, "I want you to do it...but I still can't let you...I'm so ugly down there and it's so dirty..."

I hugged her close and assured her that I found the sight of her pussy incredibly exciting - which was true: when she was excited her inner labia swelled and pushed apart, leaving a little fleshy gap just right for a finger...or tongue.

Dirty? Oh no...I turned round (into a 69) and for several minutes just gently stroked the flesh around her vulva, moving ever closer to her pussy. My fingers slipped into the groove between her inner and outer labia and then, ever so gently, parted her inner labia, my index finger pushing inside her vagina - she was very wet.

It seemed the most natural thing in the world to lean over and gently lick her, sliding my tongue into the alluring gap between her inner labia. She tasted wonderful - it was clear Sarah had taken the most immaculate care of her most personal hygiene - no horrible deodorant stuff, just clean and natural - and perhaps surprisingly, in view of her recent visit to the bathroom, no hint of urine. Suddenly it was obvious why she had taken ages in the bathroom - she had washed herself first.

As my tongue slid upwards and over her clit (well hidden by its hood), she shuddered and moaned and said "Oh, God, that's good, don't stop!" I quickly turned round again and lay between her legs, pushing a middle finger into her vagina and pressing the pad of my finger upwards, searching for what I now know is a G-spot. My tongue probed between her labia and I began to rhythmically lick upwards from her urethra to her clit, simultaneously applying pressure with my finger pad.

I felt her body stiffen again and glancing up, knew she was going to have an orgasm - after so many months, her first with me - I could see the flush speading over her face and chest.

Sarah (gasping) "Ooh, that's great...she seemed to pause, then she tensed again, groaned and I could feel - and see - her pussy throbbing with the muscle contractions - very exciting.

When she had relaxed and come back to earth, we talked. Her words just came spilling out:

"I've wanted to be able to let you do that for months...I just couldn't, I was always taught by my Mum that anything 'down below' was incredibly dirty and not nice - but I know Maggie (her house mate) does it, she's told me how good it is, I've been so frustrated that she could do it and I couldn't".

We talked about her Mum - who seemed perfectly normal, I'd met her a few times - and established that the only sex education that Sarah had received was at school, none at home.

Even when her period had started it had been the Matron at school who had stepped in to deal with things. Oh, poor girl...

Did she masturbate? yes, always in bed, under the covers, a finger on her clit, scooping up lubrication from "down below".

Sarah even admitted that she didn't really know what she looked like "down there" although she was quite comfortable to use tampons and not pads when she had her period. Apparently Matron has showed her how to do it.

And then...magic words...

"When you were touching me inside, I thought for a minute I was going to wet the bed, that would have been just awful, so embarrassing!"

Me: "Mmm, I see your point...but I can't think of anything much more arousing than you getting so excited that you have an accident. That would be incredible".

Boldly, I grasped her hand and slid it down to my prick, which was like an iron bar:

Sarah: "Oh, that's such a naughty idea...and you're still all excited, you haven't come...(blushing again)...but I need to go to the bathroom now".

Me: (throwing caution to the wind) "It must be all the alcohol! Did you say you've never really looked at yourself 'down there'? I think it's time you did!"

Before she could argue, I hopped out of bed and grabbed my shaving mirror from the chest of drawers near the bed and whipped a bath sheet out of the bottom drawer. I plumped up the pillows on my side of the (double) bed and folded the towel and lay it on the bed. To my surprise, Sarah sat up, propped herself up on the pillows and then scooted her bottom over the towel.

I sat down next to her and persuaded her to raise her knees. I gently parted her legs and introduced the mirror between them.

"There..." I gently separated her labia with my fingers - I could tell she was lubricating again. I stroked upwards and then teased her clit out from under its hood and she actually reached down and began to touch herself without any prompting from me!

Sarah: "I'm so worried I taste horrible because my pee comes out from there, I like my smell because I'm used to it. But I don't really know where it comes from, it just kind of pours out of my vagina when I let go. So I always wash myself 'down there' but that doesn't stop me worrying".

This was as near as I was going to get to an invitation, so using both hands I spread her inner labia with the fingers of one hand and pulled upwards. With the index finger of the other hand I probed for her urethra and was rewarded with a sharp intake of breath.

Sarah: "Oh, that's sensitive, I really do need to pee now".

Me "Just let it go, then - the towel will soak it up".

Sarah: "God you're so naughty...I'm not sure I can...I'll try but you'll have to let me do it, I'll never manage to let go if you touch me!

With this, she opened her pussy herself, looked down at the mirror, and began to concentrate.

Sarah: "This is so difficult, I'm so used to doing it on the toilet, I can't let go".

After what seemed like an age - she was alternately straining and relaxing - a couple of drops of urine dribbled from her urethra. And then, a little trickle suddenly ran down her bottom and wetted the towel.

Sarah: "Oh, now I can see where it comes from..." She giggled and as she did so, involuntarily released a squirt of wee that jetted forwards and splashed the mirror. Giggling again she let go another trickle and then said,

"This is so naughty - but I'm going to soak the towel, I'm so desperate - I'm going to sit on the toilet, you can watch if you want but don't touch!"

We padded into the bathroom (powder-blue suite...) and she sat on the toilet seat. Obligingly she scooted backwards and parted her legs - I knelt between and within seconds there was a sudden squirt which splashed into the bowl - I could see that her nearly-closed labia prevented the neat forward squirt that we had seen when they were manually parted when she sat on the towel in the bedroom, breaking up the stream into a noisy and unruly cascade. I reached out and felt the hot liquid pouring out and then upwards, parting her labia so that I could feel the pressure jetting from her urethra. This made her pee run all over her bottom, for which I was chided...

Suffice it to say that she allowed me to gently blot her dry and then we went back to bed for a very satisfying lovemaking session - the ice was well and truly broken.

More next time...

