How I got into pee play: a true bedwetting story

14th September 2007, 10:07 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

I started experimenting with pee play when I was a teenager, but it happened pretty rarely and it was always controlled and tame. All of that changed about two years ago and this is the story of how it all got started...

I grew up over-sexed in every sense of the word - both with myself and others (I'll leave the specifics and any numbers out for now, but it was mostly other women). I've been with far more other girls than would be considered normal exploration and I have a collection of sex toys that would make even some porn stars blush...and I use them. Sometimes it was just for variety. But about once a week, I would need a more raw/intense sexual release. This would usually be accomplished by what I would call a "marathon masturbation session" on a weekend night, so I had plenty of time and could sleep late the next morning to recover. However, sometimes these urges would hit me at the most inconvenient times...like at work in the middle of the day!

I was at work one day when I was suddenly and completely overcome by an all-consuming desire for sexual release. The sexual angst brewing within me was like a hurricane force that needed to explode. I needed to scream out loud. I had to feel the raw intensity of an uninhibited masturbation session - a mind-blowing series of explosive force. This raw, uninhibited, animalistic lust was surging through my body and I just couldn't stop it. I left work early and my boss even said that I looked like I was getting sick.

I wanted so badly to start masturbating as soon as I got out to the car, but I chose to race home instead. And when I pulled in, the garage was empty so I knew I was alone. I started stripping as I walked into the front door. By the time I got to the top of the stairs, I was holding my clothing in my left hand. I had been wearing an old thong, which didn't want to come off because I was running up the stairs...so rather than tripping over it, without even thinking, I literally pulled my thong as hard as I could to the side and tore it right off. I put on some pounding dance/techno music CD's, grabbed my toys, and laid back on my bed.

For the next 60 minutes, I screamed at the top of my lungs into a pile of pillows and probed myself so hard and with so much raw intensity that I was sweating for an hour afterwards and I was sore/tender for a couple of days. I've been able to squirt/ejaculate for years, so the bed underneath me had gotten a little wet...but that's actually fairly normal for me. Especially after the orgasm storm that I had just pushed myself through.

When I finished, I was bringing myself down - just lightly massing my labia - and I felt like I had to ejaculate again, but my body was so numb that I couldn't tell whether I needed to squirt or pee. I squeezed a little to let out whatever liquid was still left in me. But it only took a split second for me to realize that I wasn't squirting...I had just peed a little onto my sheets. But I didn't even care. We will do almost anything in the heat of the moment. My body was so numb and the release felt so relieving that I actually just let myself go. I was already a total and complete mess anyway. And my whole body just sort of fell apart as I laid there collapsed and nearly lifeless on the sheets.

I spread my legs apart so that I wouldn't just pee down my own legs and then I relaxed my body and I let it out. I had a relatively full bladder after masturbating for an hour, so I peed with full force for about ten seconds. In total and at its peak, it was spraying a geyser all the way down to the end of my bed. And I was not thinking at all about the mess that I was making. I was completely numb: "deprived of the power to feel or move normally, unresponsive, indifferent." I let it out, covering the base of my bed and even the floor past my bed as I emptied my bladder onto my sheets. I was in a daze and the relief of releasing myself like that felt so good. Imagine that feeling when you're driving on a trip somewhere and you have to pee so bad and then when you finally get to a restroom, you just close your eyes as you pee because the release feels SO good and so relieving. Now imagine combining that with an explosive series of mind-numbing orgasms and you know how I felt.

It wasn't until a couple of seconds after I was finished that the light bulb suddenly went off in my head. I could feel that my sheets were soaked as I laid there staring at the ceiling and it was at that moment, that the thought crossed my mind with sudden and perfect clarity - "Why in the world did I let myself do something so stupid?!?!" I had done nothing to prepare my bed for this, so my sheets, blankets, and mattress were all soaked with pee.

And yet, in the weeks after that first release, the great revelation that I came to is that it's not "so stupid" after all. Because if I enjoy it and it feels good, then who really cares to distinguish whether I'm actually ejaculating or just peeing? Why does it have to matter? A few weeks later, the freedom that came from that one masturbation session combined with my previous girlfriend's insistence that I have the same type of uninhibited climax with her pushed me into new uncharted territory. And like all of my masturbation habits, I turned this into both an art and a science!

After further experimentation - both alone and with my girlfriend - I learned that fully emptying my bladder in conjunction with a powerful orgasm was fun. But more importantly, the release and the feeling of the warm fluid being expelled felt incredibly good. There is something deeply satisfying about holding it as long as you can and then allowing your body to fully relax and just let your bladder go like that right after you have had an intense mind-blowing orgasm. At that point, you are truly allowing your body to release itself from the tension of both your climax and your full bladder at the same time. It's pure, unbridled ecstasy.

Over two years later, I've probably done this more than 150 times (twice this week already). In total, that's literally hundreds of hours of masturbation and sex when I pee like this. Feel free to read some of other postings in the threads about peeing during masturbation/orgasm for more details about what I do. And I've also gotten a few of my previous girlfriends into it as well. It feels amazing and also makes it much easier to learn how to squirt/ejaculate, which was hugely significant for them. I've also gotten far more comfortable doing it myself, so I do it more often and sometimes with the added kinkiness of tasting/drinking it. I'm a newlywed and my husband also loves to watch me do it or to help. So I'd call that a happy ending!

- Renee

