An interesting article

5th July 2007, 10:53 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

This was going to be published in a leading women's magazine but was apparently pulled at the last minute. I found it while doing some server maintainance on a publisher's server. Not sure which title it was for.

Wetting Yourself - The latest trend, or urban myth?

I had heard the rumours that some young women were no longer using restrooms and were wetting themselves instead. I found this very hard to believe of course and dismissed the rumours as an urban myth, that was until I met 'Cherri' (not her real name).

Cherri was just standing beside a store looking in at the window display. I do not know what made me notice her, but there was something about her. Perhaps it was the high heels, with a sweater and skirt that I would have worn with flat shoes for comfort. I watched her for a few seconds and then I saw a puddle start to form around those heels. Cherri did not show alarm or anything that would indicate distress. She just casually checked in her purse, took out her cellphone, checked it, replaced it in her purse and a few seconds later walked on.

Having heard the rumours, and seen what Cherri had done, I had to know more. Were the rumours true?

I followed Cherri to Starbuck's where she went in, got a coffee and sat down. Fortunately it was crowded so I got a coffee and asked Cherri if I could join her.

I opened the conversation. "I love coffee, but this cold weather makes me want to visit the ladies room." Not the normal way to open a conversation with a stranger but I saw what she had done and did not think that I would offend her.

"Yeah. It's cold out today." She said, adding. "I should have worn a longer skirt."

I saw an opening. "Or Pantyhose. Long skirts aren't in fashion this year."

Cherri responded. "I don't like pantyhose."

We appeared to be getting on OK. I decided to subtlely let on that I had seen her wet herself. "I guess pantyhose would be uncomfortable if you wet yourself."

Cherri looked up startled. "You didn't see me, did you?"

I smiled. "Sorry. I did not mean to alarm you. I saw you looking in the store and noticed the puddle."

Cherri was now a bit edgy. "I must be more careful."

It was not the answer I was expecting, but it confirmed that Cherri had no accident.

I decided that now was the time to be direct. "You must be one of the women I've heard about then."

"What women?" Cherri asked.

"The women who are not too fussy about where they go to the bathroom." I said. I added rhetoricaly. "You didn't have an accident?"

Cherri calmed down now that I knew her secret.

"Yeah. I suppose I am." she said.

I started to enquire deeper. "Why do you do it. There is a restroom just up the street?"

"It's convenient. I never have to worry about finding a restroom. I just dress right and drink lots of coffee." Cherri said.

"Dress right? What do you wear?" I asked.

"Stuff like what you see." Cherri said gesturing me to look at her outfit. "Wide skirt and open heels. I wear thin nylon panties, tried going without but couldn't get used to it. I've always worn panties. The heels help my feet dry quicker."

"Drink lots of coffee?" I enquired, adding. "I thought that would be counter productive."

"You don't want to smell of piss. Drink plenty and your piss keeps coming, nice and dilute." Cherri said taking a sip of her coffee.

I took a sip of my coffee as well.

"What made you start? Did you wet yourself by accident or something? I asked.

Cherri gushed. "No. It was just one of those things. I was in a club. I went up to the bar to get a drink and there was this girl there, just standing at the bar on her own. I dropped my purse while I was paying and as I went down to pick it up I saw the girl was pissing herself, piss was running down her legs. She was just standing there without a care in the world pissing herself. She knew that I had seen her pissing and smiled at me as I went back up.

We got chatting and then she told me that there was always a queue for the restrooms and what was the point of queueing for the restrooms when she was going to piss herself because she couldn't wait that long. after the third time of pissing herself by accident she realised that it was no big deal and just carried on. She had gotten used to being wet and for the rest of that evening just wet herself without even trying to use the restrooms. I can vouch for the long queues. You always had to wait at least a half hour. We talked and talked and she told me how now she is used to wetting herself she just does it whenever she wants, even when she is not at the club. We talked some more and drunk some more. Soon enough I needed to pee and I told her.

She just pissed herself again, standing with piss running down her legs and said I should try it. We talked some more and eventually she convinced me to just piss myself there on the spot. She said if I went to the restrooms she might not be there when I got back. I had to stay. I had drunk enough to be a little less inhibited than normal and eventually I just stood there at the bar and pissed myself. I spent the rest of the evening just chatting with this girl at the bar as we pissed ourselves like it was normal. It was so liberating.

She told me that others did it too. After that evening I never saw her again, I don't know where she went. After that night of liberation I went home and it was OK. My panties were a bit damp but my legs and feet had dried. I just took a shower and went to bed. I went back to the club a week later and sure enough other girls were pissing themselves. I got to know them and pissed myself again all evening. Like the first girl they pissed themselves pretty much all the time and I met up with some of them away from the club, saw what they did and started to get used to just pissing myself instead of using the restrooms."

Wow! I thought. This was so real. I needed to know more though. "Don't you get a rash or anything, being wet down there all the time?"

"No. I'm fine. Some girls have trouble and they have to leave their panties off but Stevie (not her real name. Ed) is OK with cotton panties and pantyhose. I usually change mine twice a day but Stevie goes all day without changing. I always wear the thin nylon, lacy or satin panties that dry real quick, that way I get to sit down OK without getting my skirt wet." Cherri said, getting up to show me that her skirt was dry at the back before sitting down again.

"What about the smell?" I had to ask.

"What smell?" Cherri answered, adding. "Do I smell?"

I had to answer honestly. "No".

Cherri elaborated. "It is about how much you drink, and changing your panties. Dilute piss has little smell, and most of it runs away on the ground. If you don't drink much your piss is a lot stronger and it all stays in your panties, then it smells a bit. Piss only smells bad when it gets stale, so if you keep your panties rinsed with fresh piss there is no old piss to go stale. You need to piss a lot, it's no good just pissing your panties twice a day, you got to do it every couple of hours. I like my panties to dry quick. Dry panties don't smell, but I still like to change them when I get a chance just to make sure."

"Is there anywhere you don't wet yourself?" I asked.

"I do it pretty much anywhere except in the house. In the house I use the bathroom but I keep my panties on and piss them to keep them fresh. Sometimes I stand in the shower, but usually I sit on the toilet. I sometimes piss in other peoples houses though if I can get away with it. A little bit of piss doesn't hurt, you can always get away with doing it once."

"What other places do you wet yourself?" I asked.

"Mostly in the street. You can usually find somewhere to just stand for a minute and then walk away from the puddle before anyone notices. No one expects you to be pissing if you don't look desperate, and no one knows that it's piss." Cherri appeared very comfortable now. She continued. "Anywhere dark is OK, and anywhere with carpet. It's real easy in the movie theatre." Cherri had a cheeky expression on her face now. "At the movies it is dark enough to hitch your skirt up and piss on the seat."

I was a bit shocked by that revelation. I asked for confirmation. "You really do that?"

"Yeah. It's cheating really. I should stand up or piss my skirt. Some girls wear really short skirts that don't need hitching up, but I am not a short skirt person. I don't have the legs." Cherri said.

I did not understand. "What do you mean by cheating. Isn't it a bit naughty to wet the seat?" I asked.

"I suppose it is a bit naughty, but after a while you don't think about that. It is what you do. I know that when the seat has dried it will be OK."

I pondered her answer for a bit, then Cherri continued. "Oh, Cheating. It is cheating when you have to adjust your clothing to piss. It goes against the liberation of just pissing. If you have to take your panties down, or hitch up your skirt you're compromising your freedom. Cheatin'."

Cherri finished her coffee and asked me. "Would you like to stay for another coffee? I already bought a refil."

I declined but I might go back for a second coffee one day. It might be fun to try. Cherri gave me her number.

