On Holiday now (Pt V1) **True**

11th April 2011, 01:25 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

I looked at the clock, it was 09.15am Tuesday, the last day of T and K's holiday.

Although I still felt a little tired, I knew that I had to get up as the girls had to finish thier packing and I had to get the laundry out of the machine.

I made two cups of coffee and took one in to T, who was still sound asleep. I tickled her naked back and she gradually came round and opened her eyes, she asked what time it was.

The laundry was folded on the sofa ready for her to take into her apartment to pack. I opened the sliding door of the balcony and felt that it was quite warm. I noticed that K was already up as her door was also open. I made her a cup of coffee and called her. We both sat on our balconies drinking our coffee and having a cigarette when T came out to join us.

Toast anyone I asked, they both said yes and I went inside and made half a dozen slices and took it out onto the balcony.

10.20am and we were still sitting chatting when T said that she had decided to return to Tampere that day after all. She had a few things to do and one meeting on the Thursday which she had to attend.

T went back to her apartment at about 11.30am. They had packed and were ready to leave by 1.00pm. They had to be at the airport by 4.30pm. They came back into my apartment just after 1.00pm and we had more coffee and just sat there talking and laughing.

I asked K if she would continue with pissing in her pants, she replied that she may do from time to time when indoors on her own, she was not too keen on doing it outdoors. T said that she enjoyed the new experience and that she would probably continue, although she did not say how. It was 3.45pm and time for them to leave for the airport.

I went downstairs and walked to the Taxi rank which was only two minutes away. They were waiting outside when we arrived back at the apartments.

We arrived at the airport in plenty of time and they both checked there luggage in. We then went for something to drink. K is not too keen on flying, so she and T had a glass or two of wine and I had a couple of small beers.

OK, time to go through security. T gave me a big hug and a kiss and did not really say too much, save, thank you and take care. I shall text you soon. We had already arranged that I would Skype her on Thursday evening at 9.00pm, which she reminded me of.

K smiled and said that she had really enjoyed my company and that I should keep in touch, she gave me a big hug and whispered in my ear, T will come back you know!

NOTE:

During the course of the last day or so T asked me a couple of times when I was planning on returning to the UK. I just said that weather is getting warmer there now, so probably at the end of this month (April).

I watched them go through security and they both waved as they went through a gate.

I then went out to get a Taxi to return back to my apartment. I was aware at this moment that I was for some reason feeling kind of alone. It was as though I had said goodbye to two old friends, which seemed kind of wierd really. I just smiled to myself and got into a Taxi. We had not moved more then ten yards when I recieved a text message, it was a from T. It read "I miss you already XXX", I just smiled again and sent one back saying "you have only just this minute left X".

I decided to go out Tuesday evening for a drink with some people that I know who have a bar in Fenguirola. During the evening I recieved three more texts form T, to which I replied to all.

On Wednesday the weather was nice and I thought that it would be nice to spend the day in Mijas Pueblo. It is a really nice peaceful place with one or two typically Spanish restaurants hidden away. I spent the afternoon and evening there returning to my apartment at about ten thirty.

The weather on Thursday was not that brilliant so I started another book. I read for most of the day and cooked something to eat later in the afternoon early evening. I had considered not Skyping T that evening for various reasons, but I knew that she had my mobile number and that she would text if I did not.

8.55pm and I logged into Skype. T was already there and she called me (we had already set up Skype on my computer. She logged into her account and put my name in her contact list, and I logged in after and accepted her invitation), so that was already done.

Her webcam was on and she was in her underwear. I was still dressed...at this point, lol.

We talked for a couple of minutes, she then said. I have two surprises for you. Oh yes, and what are they I enquired.

I will tell you one now, that is I am coming back to Spain on the 9th. Oh right I said, what part of Spain? She said, Benalmadena. Oh, where are you staying? I asked. I don't know yet she replied. She said is there something that you would like to ask me?...I replied I don't think so, why? She laughed out loud and said again. Are you sure that there is nothing you would like to ask me?...Then the penny dropped. You can come and stay with me if you wish. She said, no, is there something that you would like to ASK me. Ok I said, would you like to come and stay with me. She said yes please, we both laughed at my slowness of what she was trying to get at. It was at this moment the words of K came flooding back into my mind..."T will be back you know".

What is the other surprise I asked her. She said I will tell you when I arrive. Now here I am gullable Joe thinking that she has brought some new sexy underwear or something really naughty...errr, no.

We Skyped until about 11.15pm and we were by then both naked, we had both masturbated ourselves in view of our webcams, that was a new experience for me and her. I have to say that I enjoyed it greatly. I don't think it shall be the last time I do that, lol.

T and I Skyped five more times during the period that she was back in Tampere.

On to T's arrival on the 9th (Last Saturday).

I met her at the airport and we both gave one another a really big hug and a few kisses. It was as though we were lovers, or a couple or something, that is how it felt anyway. Strange really.

We arrived back at my apartment. I opened a bottle of wine and poured two glasses. T was starting to unpack as she wanted to get it done so that she and I could relax. It was too late to go out anywhere, not that we wanted to in any case. So we sat on the sofa and chatted drank the bottle of wine and ate a pizza that I had purchased earlier in the day.

I did not ask T what the other surprise was as I had forgotten all about it. T was really tired and we went to bed. We laid there cuddling and talking for a while and she drifted off to sleep with her arms around me.

The next morning I was greeted with coffee and something to eat in bed. The way she roused me from my sleep was just great. She slid her hands under the covers and slowly stroked my cock. She pulled the covers back and started to lick it up and down. That woke me up. Well, wouldn't it have woken you?, lol.

The food got cold and the coffee was warm when we ate and drank some 15 minutes later. It was one of the best 69's that I have had. I recall that I was sucking and licking her clit and it got so large and it felt so long that I thought it was a cock at one point. What she did with her tongue around my stiff cock felt amazing. At one point she had my balls in her mouth wanking my cock with her hand. Now that is something that we men should all experience at least once.

The rest of Sunday morning was spent on the balcony in the hot sun. She had given me two pairs of new panties that she brought from Finland. Oh I thought, that was my nice surprise. One pair was a deep blue which I liked very much and decided to wear them there and then. So we both sat on the balcony drinking coffee wearing just our panties.

It was about half an hour later when I said that I needed to piss. T said that I should hang on as she wanted to go but not that badly at present. If I waited we would do it together. I waited and waited so long that I started to get a wet patch in my new panties. I showed T and she looked and just got on the sunbed and said come here. I went over and she placed me underneath her. She was sitting on top of me with her cunt over my cock.

I'm sure that if I had not wanted to piss so much I would have got an erection. She put her hand inside my panties and placed my cock so that it was facing upwards in my new underwear. She then said piss yourself and make my knickers wet.

I started to let go, it came out quite quickly as I was really bursting to go. T rubbed herself against my panties and she waited until I had finished peeing. She herself then started to piss over my crotch.

It felt oh so warm mixing with my pee. She slighty lifted herself and she was pissing quite hard and it made a really loud hissing noise. She then stopped suddenly and got off, she slid her pants down and took one foot out of them and got back on me again. This time facing her cunt towards my tummy and face. She then started to let go again. She was spraying her piss everywhere, all over the floor, the sunbed and in my face, I opened my mouth and drank as much as I could get, but she was moving her hips up and down my body, so I did not get to drink that much.

When she finished I pulled her soaking wet cunt to my face and licked and sucked her clit and vagina. She sucked all the pee from my wet panties, then slid them down at the top and sucked my cock. I turned her round and whispered how would like to be fucked right here and now on the sunbed. No answer, just her hand placed my cock inside her, that was answer enough.

We had a really nice shower together. We washed one anothers bodies clean, touching, feeling and tormenting amidst laughter and throwing water at each other with our hands.

I suggested that I would like to have a little sleep and we both went and layed on top of the bed. Where we slept for a couple of hours.

We went out last night for dinner and arrived back at the apartment quite early. We were both tired and went to bed. Soon after we fell asleep.

It is Monday lunchtime here now and we have been up since 10.40am. I have answered a few emails and T has done a little work on her computer. We are now going out onto the balcony to sunbathe for a while, although the sun is not fully out it is still warm.

What is in store over the next few days. Your guess is as good as mine. Although, there is one thing that I have discovered this morning. T has now parted with her second little surprise. I would not call it so little, lol.

