On Stage and Back Stage

24th November 2013, 05:49 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Lauren heard the ten minute call as she leaned forward to look more closely at herself in the mirror. She applied the last touch of makeup under her eyes and stood up. She was alone in her dressing room, which is the way it always was. The room wouldn't have fit anyone else. It was about the size of an office cubicle with a small vanity, a stool, a sink in the corner, some empty crates, and a clothes rack where her costumes hung.

Six costume changes in one show, not including the one she was wearing now. At rehearsal yesterday, she had barely made it to the stage in time for her cue after each change. And the show was a long one, just a little over three hours, with only one intermission in between.

The good news was Lauren had experience with both long shows and quick costume changes. She had perfected the art of rushing backstage as soon as her scene was over, closing the door behind her, and yanking off her costume to quickly replace it with another. She had also perfected something else that some actresses learned the hard way: how to take a bathroom break.

Lauren's strategy? She didn't.

The five minute call came and as she watched herself in the mirror, she sighed. Better empty my bladder now, she thought. She relaxed as a warm trickle of pee cascaded down her legs to the wooden floor at her feet. A shiver of pleasure swept through her as she completely let go. She giggled and held up her left foot, watching the clear droplets drip from her toes. When she was finished, she sighed again, wiped her legs dry with a cloth, and walked out the door into the hallway that lead to the stage.

On stage, she recited her lines with grace and virtue, playing a young woman forced to marry a man much older than her because he was rich. Lauren thought the play was crap, really, old-fashioned and schmaltzy. But she craved any kind of stage experience and the leading man, Geoff, was really good looking. Lauren didn't know if she had a shot, but doing the show was a good way to get his attention. She wasn't performing for the audience. She was performing for him.

When her scene ended, Lauren rushed to her room. The stage manager handed her a bottle of water and gave her a thumbs up as she walked by. Lauren smiled and shut the door behind her. She twisted the cap on the bottle, took a big swig, set it on the vanity, and started pulling her dress over her head. Since all the dresses for her character were modest and extended almost to her ankles, Lauren wasn't wearing panties under them. This would make the next few scenes and costume changes much easier. She pulled the next dress over her head, adjusted the sleeves, and double-checked her hair and makeup in the mirror. After the knock at her door, she yanked it open and rushed back into the hall.

The next scene was her favorite, a scene with her and Geoff where they hold hands for the first time. In the play, her character is supposed to be uninterested. Lauren had to really channel her acting skills to fake this one. As the scene almost ended, Geoff pulled her close to him and she couldn't hide a gasp. He was a strapping man and she felt his muscles as he hugged her. She also felt the familiar twinge in her bladder. She held on, though, until the scene ended.

Lauren walked backstage again, smiling at Geoff as she did. "Good job," he said and winked at her. What was that? Was that flirting

? Lauren didn't have time to find out as another wave hit her bladder.

Lauren shut her door, leaned her back against it, and sighed, emptying her bladder. Once again, her warm pee sprayed against her inner thighs and flowed down her legs. Lauren wasn't sure if it was the wetting or her most recent experience with Geoff, but she felt another tingle between her legs. She gasped as the spray of her pee caressed her vagina and lightly tickled her clitoris.

The knock at the door came just in time as Lauren's flow stopped. She tugged her dress off and grabbed the next one, sliding it over her head, checking her makeup and hair, then stepping out the door and back down the hallway.

For the next few scenes, Lauren did not pee during her costume changes. As the final scene started, though, she felt another twinge. The play was almost over as her character and Geoff's character are finally having a moment that might have been considered true romance. They were originally supposed to kiss, but the director changed the ending because he felt Lauren's character still wouldn't be ready for that. Lauren felt that it was because the director was gay and had a thing for Geoff.

When the scene finally ended and the curtains closed, Lauren stood up and the pressure in her bladder grew. She winced, but was still able to hold on. The stage manager was trying to gather up all of the cast members for curtain call. It took way too long, but finally everyone was on stage. The curtains opened and just as they had rehearsed, the cast walked forward sparsely in small groups and bowed. Lauren felt another wave of pressure and she gasped as she couldn't keep a few drops from squirting out. Hurry up, hurry up. It finally came to her and Geoff. He took her hand and they walked to the front to bow as the crowd's cheers grew. Bowing was agony as another wave struck and Lauren felt a warm trickle start down her left leg.

When the curtains finally closed, Lauren rushed back to her room, feeling little warm drops escaping down her legs. She closed the door behind her and was just about to let go when someone knocked on her door. She squeezed her legs together and opened the door.

When she did, Geoff stepped in, took her in his arms, and kissed her. She didn't stop him, but relaxed and opened her mouth to allow a more deep, passionate kiss. She also just let go of her bladder. The warmth of her pee mixed with the taste of Geoff's soft lips made Lauren want to melt. He finally broke the kiss at the sound of Lauren's pee dripping to the floor. Lauren did not open her eyes as she sighed and peed full force. She had to pee so bad that it hissed out of her loudly and soaked the front of her dress. She waited for Geoff to say push her away in disgust or run out of the dressing room and tell everyone.

"My god, that's hot," he said. Lauren opened her eyes and smiled at him. Geoff pulled her dress up, exposing her pantiless crotch. Lauren grabbed at his pants, unzipped them, and reached in. She could feel his swollen penis and she easily took it out. As if already prepared, Geoff pulled a condom out of his pocket and handed it to Lauren. She slid it over his growing penis and laughed when it twitched at her touch. She grabbed it again and guided it between her legs. Standing right there in the middle of her dressing room, he slipped into her and she gasped as they thrust their bodies together, both of them panting. After only minutes, Lauren's moans grew to cries and she felt her knees buckle. Geoff held her steady, though, as she climaxed, gasping and crying out. Geoff started to slip out of her, but Lauren squeezed her thighs a little and held him there. He finally groaned and climaxed, grabbing Lauren's buttocks and pulling her even closer to him.

"I have to pee again," Laren said. He was still inside of her as they continued to gently buck their hips together.

"Go ahead," he said. "These aren't my clothes." They both laughed. Lauren let go. She gasped at the new sensation as her pee sprayed against his cock and swirled around in her vagina before dripping noisily and messily down her thighs and to the floor. This feeling reawakened her lust and she started moving her hips again as she continued to pee. "Ohh, wow," Geoff said. She could hear quiet splashes between their crotches as she continued to thrust against him. She climaxed again and this time allowed herself to sink deeply into Geoff's arms as the last of her pee trickled out of her.

"You should have told me a long time ago how you felt about me," Lauren said.

"You should have told me a long time ago that you come in here and wet yourself in between scenes." He winked at her and they both laughed again.

