In the woods with Kim

2nd May 2006, 01:26 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Other threads cover my early exploits with Kim...this one is a little out-of-sequence but it hardly matters, nearly 30 years later! Once again the dialogue is necessarily somewhat approximate...

Not long before Kim and I were able to take advantage of the privacy offered by her own flat, her parents - having moved to the North of the country - decided they would have a caravanning holiday down South.

Although Kim was working, she decided she would join her parents for a long weekend: I was invited too, although I was at University. Kim booked a day off and I decided to bunk off Friday lectures... we met at Birmingham New Street station on the Friday morning and caught a train to Bristol.

We then had to catch another train elsewhere - I shan't say where, though it's not what you would call an obvious holiday destination - and from there we were collected by Kim's Dad at a pre-arranged time.

The caravan site was on a farm - just a few 'vans and tents in a field with minimal facilities back then. Kim's parents had a 4-berth 'van, in which she would sleep, plus and a largish Boy Scouts style ridge tent pitched adjacent, which I was to share with her brother and his friend. Loo facilities were somwhat basic, with a chemical bucket in a solitary "sentry box" pitched a few yards away!

It has to be said that there wasn't a great deal to do except walk: the countryside was very pleasant, with a couple of good pubs in the nearest village and there was also a fair bit of managed woodland. It seemed fairly clear that our opportunities were going to be somwhat limited but then we were used to that!

I knew Kim was feeling sexy - we had discussed this on the train on the way down and it was a case of making the best of what we could find. The weather on the Friday wasn't so good - decidedly cool and blustery, so it was a case of a brisk walk in company with her parents, back to the 'van for a meal and then off to the pub in the evening.

It rained during the night but the Saturday morning dawned clear, sunny and increasingly warm: it wasn't long before things were drying out nicely and another walk was on the cards. After lounging around the site for a couple of hours in the morning sunshine, Kim and I headed for the pub - the beer was very drinkable. We spent an hour or so sitting outside in the beer garden, poring over the OS map: taking our walk in the woods was the only way we were likely to get any privacy.

Before long I had reached the end of my second pint: Kim had been drinking halves of lager. The alcohol was starting to affect both of us and the volume I had drunk meant that I needed to go to the Gents.

Kim was wearing cutoff jeans and a cheesecloth top - it was the 70's, don't forget! As I excused myself, she leaned across the table towards me and whispered,

"All that lager is making me need to wee-wee...but I'm going to make myself wait because it's starting to feel nice...get me another drink from the bar, make it a big one!"

In the Gents I had a little difficulty because I was somewhat excited...having visited the Bar again, I returned with a pint of bitter for me and a pint of lager for Kim. She traced a finger through the condensation on her glass and placed the tip of her finger on my lips:

"Ooh, the glass is all wet and slippery...just like me! I hope we find somewhere private in the woods because I'll be bursting when I've drunk all that!"

We drank quickly: neither of us finished our pint because we were both eager to get started!

Out of the village, we walked along the side of a B-road for a while and then took a minor road towards the area we knew to be managed woodland. The road began to climb and eventually we reached a T-junction - the road we had reached ran along the edge of the wood and there was a gate opposite. We climbed over the stile and set off along a fire break - it was bit damp from the rain the night before and we had to avoid the puddles. I was letting Kim set the pace - she's 5'8", with long legs and back then was a brisk walker.

After we had been walking for about 40 minutes, we were well into the woods and away from the road. From time to time we stopped to check the map. There was no-one around - a benefit of it being off the normal tourist trail. Eventually we came to another firebreak, quite wide, which was virtually unused and certainly not by vehicles. It was covered in surprisingly lush grass which was remarkably dry, clearly having caught the noon-day sun.

Kim, teasingly: "I'm dying for a wee...I shall just have to take my knickers down here! It's OK for you, you can just unzip and let it out so easily, it's not fair!"

I set the rucksack down and looked around. The sunlight was filtering through the trees and the birds were singing - the surroundings were idyllic for a couple of young lovers. My own bladder was becoming uncomfortably full - I had been holding it for a while, you blokes know how it is that once you go for the first time you then have to go again much sooner the next time!

Drawing Kim to me, we began to kiss and fondle each other. Her hand went to my zip and slid it down: she then pulled down the waistband of my pants and my prick sprang out.

My own fingers had unbuttoned Kim's cutoffs and were slipping beneath the elastic of her knickers. As I slid my hand downwards into her pubic hair, her bladder was obviously firm - she drew breath sharply and without further ado began to push her cutoffs down. I knelt down in front of her and shimmied them down her legs - she was wearing pumps and I eased them over those and set them on top of the rucksack. I turned and looked up at her - what a vision! Her eyes were closed and to my surprise and rising excitement she was rubbing herself through her knickers (white cotton).

Kim: "I've been holding it for so long, I've left it a bit late...but it feels incredible, I'm going to come in a moment...but if I do I shall wet myself!"

Her hand moved aside and I could see an obviously wet spot in the gusset of her knickers. I reached up and slipped them down and off. I gently parted her thighs and nuzzled between them, sliding my tongue between her labia: shew as very wet and slippery and her scent was extremely arousing. She gapsed and pulled my head to her, then pushed me away and began to squat. She settled back onto her bottom, supported herself on her hands and drew her knees up, spreading her legs wide apart.

I kissed Kim long and hard and slid a finger into her vagina, which was noticeably tight. She gasped again and I felt a warm dribble of urine on my finger: she clutched me and kissed me back and then her orgasm just hit her -incredible, virtually no foreplay or assistance from me needed! Several forceful spurts of hot wee jetted out, pattering into the long grass, quickly reducing to a dribble that ran under her bottom.

Kim (flushed and still breathing hard): "I'm still full...what about you?"

Me: "I'm full too...don't think I can do it like this though!" I had a powerful erection and I had pushed my jeans and pants down.

Kim: "Do you want to watch me?" (silly question...)

I knelt beside her and sliding a finger into her, opened her inner labia. Unashamedly, I bent down to get a close look:

"Take your finger away a mo...just watch", Kim said:

A dribble of pee ran down her cleft - suddenly the trickle became a stream and then a spectacular, sparkling jet which arced upwards to land nopisily in the grass between her feet - I could clearly see her urethra open amongst her pink and very slippery folds. As I watched, fascinated, Kim reached out and grasped my erection - it wasn't a particularly comfortable grip as as I recall but it was suffcient to trigger my own orgasm, my come hitting my shirt, which was rucked up round my chest!

As she finished, my own need became pressing: still kneeling and with rapidly softening erection, I turned away slightly and let go, my pee splashing into the grass near Kim's thigh as she watched.

Reality kicked in almost immediately; the hurried look all round, the tissues for cleaning up, clothes back on...afterwards, we both laughed at the sheer lewdness and naughtiness of what we had done: intercourse seemed unimportant despite the few opportunities we had! In actual fact, the whole event had lasted no more than ten minutes: we were certainly fortunate that no-one had disturbed us!

