Public Pissing Orgasm, Part 2 - The Beach

19th November 2013, 05:58 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hi everyone,

This is the continuation of a story from this past Saturday night, which is posted here.

So you may want to go back and read that one first if you haven't already.

Like I said in the previous story, many people apologize for the length of their stories. But I happen to think details matter. Quite frankly, I get turned on by knowing that my stories help to...shall we say "inspire" you. Please allow me to be blunt here...when you read my stories, it's a guilt-free masturbation zone. Ok? I'm serious! And you won't be alone, because even I masturbated as I was writing this stuff! All the details were so fresh that I quickly went right back there in my mind. In fact, if you do "enjoy" yourself while reading this...please don't just clean up and move on; post a reply on here to let me know. I'd LOVE to hear about it! Anyway...get comfortable and enjoy. I know I did.

Kisses, Renee

###

When the taxi dropped us off at our hotel, Kerry and I were ready for more. Fingering each other at that nightclub - and then releasing our full bladders as we climaxed, all over each other and down onto the floor - had us completely hyped up. Our legs had dried off, but our dresses were still soaked from the waist down. And the warm air blowing against our cold, wet dresses was incredibly arousing to us.

Getting out of the taxi, we could now clearly hear the squishy sound of our soaking wet shoes as walked into the lobby, past the front desk, and straight out to the pool. We made it look like we were walking down a different hallway, though, so the lobby staff would think nothing of it. We had a purpose, and we knew exactly where we were going. Or so we thought.

Our intention was to jump into the pool - fully dressed - to clean ourselves off, and our dresses too at the same time (don't judge...we were horny and still a bit intoxicated, so we weren't thinking straight). But the pool area was in clear view of the rooms, and it was still pretty well lit up - even well after 1:00 am.

Between the pool and the beach were some palm trees, and even though it was a full moon the lights of the pool area made it hard to see the ocean. But we could hear the waves. A vacant beach lit up by moonlight was beckoning us. So we took off our nasty, wet shoes and kept walking. Once we got to the other side of the trees, Kerry was the first to remove her dress - spreading her arms open and soaking up the fresh, salty breeze off the ocean. She started to take off the fishnet stockings too, but damnshe looked SO hot wearing those. So I told her to leave them on. I did the same.

So wearing only our thigh high stockings, we walked down into the water. The ocean was calm, but there were still some waves as we made our way toward the section we knew was clear from swimming earlier in the day. It felt so good to go skinny dipping, and to clean the dried piss off of our bodies. And although it may seem odd, the thigh high stockings at least gave us the illusion of some protection for our feet as we walked blindly into the dark water.

That night had been such an incredible turn-on. I was so completely excited from the whole experience, and desperately turned on by the nakedness of my girl before me. Her perky nipples wet with sea water, glistening in the moonlight. Standing there in the waves, we started to make out. Slowly and delicately at first, our tongues exploring each other's mouths. Until we both so desperately wanted each other. Right then and there.

She said she had to pee again, and told me to put my hand in the water to feel it coming out. But I told her no. I begged her to hold it, and to wait. I wanted to taste her.

I looked back up at the beach, and said "I'll even be on the bottom." She was hesitant. After all, it was a public beach with a seemingly endless row of hotels and resorts just beyond the palm trees. But we walked out of the water, and laid our dresses down onto the sand. I knew the little tube dresses wouldn't be the best solution, but it would be better than nothing. And it worked...until we really got into it, at which point the dresses just turned into a tangled mess underneath me and I pushed them aside.

After such a hot and thrilling night, I can't even begin to describe the feeling of excitement that overcame me as she straddled me and then laid down pushing her wet pussy down toward my face. Regardless of all the crazy things I've ever done, that image of a fresh pussy an inch from my face and her puckered little hole right above it - butt cheeks clasped in my hands, while two bodies lock into the 69 position - will always and forever by my favorite. We were so incredibly turned on at this point that we wasted no time, and just went for it.

After just a couple of minutes, I could feel that I was getting close. I would almost get there, and then my body would ease off. I could sense that Kerry was in about the same situation, as she has a dead giveaway: she'll always stop for second, and then keep going, and then stop for a second. I knew I couldn't wait much longer: my orgasm and my bladder were both about to burst forth.

As she shoved two of her fingers deep inside me, I couldn't take it any longer and stopped holding back on my bladder. Right as I began to pee, Kerry did the same. I missed the first squirt of pee. Distracted by my own orgasm, her first spritz actually sprayed down across my face and my neck. But after that initial burst, I locked my mouth around her pussy as she really let loose - her body tensing up as the full intensity of her orgasm flushed over her, and she released a steady stream from her bladder into my mouth. Compared to the cool air - and the pee that had quickly gotten cold as it soaked into our dresses - her fluid was so hot now as she filled my mouth. I swallowed what I could, in gulp after gulp, and let the rest flow down my face onto the sand, as I released my own bladder into her mouth and onto the sand beneath me.

Laying there as we came down off our orgasms, we just lingered allowing the last bit of our bladders to empty. And Kerry wasn't kidding. She really had to go! And just kept peeing and peeing. Those last little spritzes of pee are always the best. And I was more than happy to oblige. I had been able to swallow a lot of her warm fluids, and she had no doubt done the same. And yet, as we lingered there - her warm body still pressed down against me - I could feel a large wet puddle in the sand beneath my head, and down beneath my butt.

As we struggled to collect ourselves and stand up, she had some sand on her legs and arms where she had been resting against the sand around me. But my whole backside was completely covered in sand. My hair was a soaking wet, sand-filled mess. I even had sand up inside my butt crack. And so much for the dresses. I picked them up to wash them off in the ocean, but they were trash. The stockings were shredded now too. And the shoes were beyond hope. So we both took off our stockings, and tossed our whole pile of clothing in a nearby trash can before walking back down into the ocean to wash off again.

It was at about this moment - the lingering effects of the alcohol and the fog of lust now fading - that we realized it would have been smart to grab a few of the towels we had walked by in the pool area. We even saw a stack of them - clean, blue pool towels - in a bin right by the door out to the pool. But we had nothing. Not even our wet clothing anymore. Only our two tiny purses, which contained some money and our key cards for the room.

After cleaning off as best as we could in the ocean, we knew we couldn't stay there all night long. We only had to make it as far as the pool area. But it was a full moon, and from where we were in the water we could see the lights surrounding the pool. So we'd be in clear view under those lights. But what choice did we have?

So we made a run for it. Both of us completely nude, carrying our little purses. We stopped when we got to the palm trees, where we could see the pool area - realizing that the towels were on the OTHER side of the pool (between the pool and the doors into the hotel so they'd stay dry and be easily accessible to anyone before they go back inside). And of course there was no quick, straight route from where we were to the other side. It was a classic beach resort pool, with lots of patio space meandering around a giant, odd-shaped pool, with lounge chairs everywhere.

There was no other choice but to press forward - as we quietly moved from one dark, secluded corner to another. Behind one bar, and then behind a stack of lounge chairs. Straight through another bar, and then behind another stack of lounge chairs. We were getting closer, and figured we were almost there.

We were about to jump out from behind a stack of lounge chairs to make a final run for it when the door from the hotel suddenly opened!!! It was one of the front desk clerks, probably out on rounds or something. No problem. We'd let him walk past, go back inside, and then we'd be home free. But he stopped and pulled something out of his pocket. He was taking a smoke break!!! Of course! Employees aren't allowed to smoke out front, so where else would they go in the middle of the night?!?! Out back! And he was in no rush, either, casually walking by the pool and looking around. At one point, he walked right on the other side of the same stack of lounge chairs we were hiding behind! Probably 8 feet away from us.

It's amazing how long just one cigarette will last. He was out there forever! And with all the water we drank on the way back - plus the cool air - we both had to pee again. Doing the pee-pee dance only made our situation worse. So we waited until he walked around to the other side of the pool, squatted right there on the patio behind the lounge chairs, and let it flow. We could certainly hear the streams spraying out against the stone. And a giant puddle was forming in front of us, under the chairs. But fortunately he was too far away to notice.

A few minutes later, he finally went back inside. We waited just one more minute to be sure all was clear and then dashed up to the same doors, where the blue towels were stacked up. We each put one around us, and a second one draped over our shoulders. And with our key card, we went back inside. Now, we should be good to go.

