Dave and Jayne - Desperation for 2!

11th December 2005, 06:03 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Dave arrived at the main office of Breefs Lingerie PLC just as the snow started to fall. He always enjoyed coming here, partly (he admitted to himself) because of the sexy posters displaying the goods, but mainly because of Jayne, the girl on reception. He'd got to know Jayne well on his previous 3 visits - the Managing Director (the man he was here to meet) - was always late for their meetings, and on each of Dave's last visits, he'd had plenty of time to sit in reception, talking with her. She was very open and chatty, and Dave had already heard most of her life story, including the recent bit where she'd chucked her "two-timing bastard" boyfriend out of their flat. "I'm glad to get rid of him, but I'm dying for a shag now" she had said on more than one occasion. Dave wasn't sure if she was having a laugh, or trying to hint at something, but he decided to play it cool..

Dave was feeling good. He was here to sign the contract to supply Breefs with all their fabric and thread for the next 12 months. He'd been working on this deal for 3 months and it was gonna be a major coup for him, maybe helping him get promotion. So, he wasn't at all bothered that the appointment was so late - 5.15pm on a cold December evening. It had to be this time because the MD was in a meeting in London during the day, and was flying out on holiday the next morning. The designers and other staff were leaving just as Dave pressed on the intercom button for Jayne to let him in. One of the girls winked at Dave.

"Hi Dave", she said with a smile, "come to see Jayne have we? I think she's pretty keen to see you" and laughed.

Dave grinned back. He'd got to know all the staff here. Breefs had moved out of their factory and into a small design and sales office with around 20 staff - all the bras and panties were made in China now. It was in an old mill factory which had been converted to offices - a beautiful place in a wooded valley, but in the middle of nowhere.

"Is that you Dave?" said the voice on the intercom.

"Yep, it's me Jayne" he replied.

"Come on up to my place, babe" she said with a laugh, and with a buzz, the door unlocked.

Dave went in and walked up the stairs, passing some workmen coming out of the toilet with protective clothing and masks. "Strange.." he thought, but took no notice and went on up to the door of Breefs PLC and went in.

"My prince has come!" said Jayne with a huge smile from behind her desk.

"Hi Jayne, hows tricks? You had a shag yet?"

"No, why, are you offering..?" she replied with a giggle. Dave loved the relaxed relationship they had. So much more fun than most receptionists at his accounts, usually stern middle-age women or dippy girls with no conversation. Their chat had developed from friendly banter, to flirting, to almost open sex-talk in the short period he had been visiting.

"Sorry to keep you so late, Jayne." said Dave looking at his watch. "This was the only time Mr French-Nikos could see me. You must be wanting to get off home by now, specially on a night like this." He looked out the window at the snow, getting heavier by the minute.

"Well, normally I would, but you're here now so we can..."

Jayne was interupted by the phone trilling loudly on her desk. She picked up the receiver and looked at the incoming number on the display. "Hello Mr French-Nikos", she said, "How was the meeting?" Jayne smiled at Dave, and without telling her boss, put the call on speaker-phone so Dave could hear everything.

"Good." said the MD through the phone. "I think we've cracked the deal with La Senza. Anyway, has Dave from the fabric suppliers arrived yet?".

"Yes, he's in reception right now".

"Damn" said Mr FN. "I was hoping he was running late. The snow's blocking the road over the moors. They're clearing it but the police reckon it could take me a couple of hours to get back." There was a brief silence, then his crackly voice appeared again. "Look, Jayne, we need to get this deal sorted, can you ask Dave if he'd be prepared to see me at around 7ish. Take him out for a meal or something on me and give him a beer if he wants it. Give him my apologies, I feel bad about this."

Jayne asked Dave and he nodded. He was happy to stay till midnight if necessary to crack this deal. Jayne finished the call and fixed her eyes on Dave with a wicked grin.

"Well, it's just you and me then. You don't really want to go out do you?" she asked

"In a word, no." It was true. The nearest big town was an hour's drive away on a good day, and on a night like this it could take forever.

"OK lets have fun!" said Jayne getting up. For a moment Dave wondered what she meant, but she beckoned him into the small kitchen behind reception and opened the fridge. It was full of drinks - beers, cans of Coke, mineral water etc. "What would you like?"

"A beer please, landlord" smiled Dave. Jayne took out 2 beers, got 2 glasses down, and filled them both. And so the fun began.

They sat on the plush reception seats drinking. Dave was careful not to have too much - he didn't want to be pissed for the meeting! So he alternated his beers with Coke or water.

Jayne was getting flirtier by the minute as the beers took their affect. She wasn't drinking enough to get properly drunk, but it was enough to relax her. After half an hour of increasingly sexy talk, Dave felt his bladder start to strain. He'd needed to go for a while, and now things were getting pressing.

"Jayne, I need the loo, I'll be back in a mo"

"Me too" said Jayne, pressing her hand into her crotch through her skirt. "Maybe we should go together." she giggled.

The toilets were shared communally with the other 6 companies occupying the mill site, and were "unisex" afairs, one for each of the 3 floors, next to the stairs. The two of them went out of the door, but when they arrived at the toilets, they were locked! There was a big paper sign pasted to the door: "TOILETS CLOSED TIL 8:00am DUE TO CHEMICAL HAZARD"

"Oh no!" said Jayne. "I'd forgotten about this. There was an email about it. Apparently someone poured chemicals down the drain and they're giving off fumes. Tolets are out of bounds til tomorrow." This explained the guys in safety masks that Dave had seen earlier.

They walked back to reception. Jayne looked at Dave, then looked down at his crotch. "Are you OK Dave?, do you need the loo straight away?"

"Alright for the moment, but I might have to make contingency plans soon." Actually, Dave needed to go badly right now, but tried to put it to the back of his mind.

"Let me know if you start to feel desperate" asked Jayne with a concerned look. "I'm sure I can find something for you to pee into - I'll hold it for you if you like. I don't want you wetting yourself." Dave noticed how Jayne seemed to stay on the subject of peeing rather more than was necessary. Maybe she had the same fetish as him - a fetish he hadn't admitted to anyone.

Having started on this route, Jayne seemed intent to carry on. The beers had clearly relaxed her, and as she got gigglier, the chat got dirtier.

"Do you find it a turn on when you need to pee?" she asked. "I do. It makes me want to...well, you know"

Dave raised his eyebrows. She was getting frisky

"I'm feeling really randy at the moment. "When a girl gets really full, the bladder presses down on her clit. It feels great." Dave wasn't sure if this was true, but the thought of Jayne getting aroused was starting to have an affect on him. "Feel how full of wee I am" said Jayne, and got up, pulled Dave's hand to her bladder and pressed. She wasn't joking, thought Dave, it was rock hard. The problem was, his penis was going the same way. He could feel it swelling and the head start pressing against his underwear. Although he knew in his semi-desperate state it wouldn't get fully hard, he was praying that as it stiffened, it didn't poke through the fly hole in the front of his boxers. If it did, it would stick out like a tent pole even in it's "semi" state. His bladder too was reaching a critical phase. He was struggling to stop the flow and crossed his legs to try and alleviate both problems

Suddenly Jayne changed the subject. "Have you ever seen the stuff your material goes into?"

What made her suddenly ask this? thought Dave. He was about to find out.

"Well, I've seen the stuff your designers are working on, but no, I've never seen the finished product. Why?"

"Well, they give out things they don't need to the girls in the office. Let me show it too you."

Dave was expecting Jayne to take him through to the design room, and he was getting ready to re-arrange his semi-hard penis as best he could. But Jayne got up, stood in the middle of reception, and started unbuttoning her blouse.

Slipping it off, she said:" this is one of the bras, and these.." undoing her smart business skirt and letting it drop.."are the panties. They're really good - take a look". She walked over and stood right in front of Dave, her crotch level with his eyes. "Come on, feel the material in these knickers, it's very comfy against the skin." Gingerly, Dave reached up and felt the stitching on the side. "Very nice" he croaked, his throat dry.

They both knew what Jayne was doing - she was like a baboon on heat, displaying her "readiness" to the alpha male. But they both played along with the pretence, it was too much fun not to. "Look" she said, moving her legs apart and thrusting her hips forward, "theres no stitching in the gusset, feel how smooth it is."

Dave did as he was asked and stroked the white fabric covering Jayne's swollen labia. The material - unsurprisingly - was soaking wet. He rubbed along the length of her slit as the wet fabric stuck to her, becoming almost transparent. He could hear her breathing getting faster, and as he touched her, he could sense her pulse, beating like a machine gun. Jayne moved gently back and forth, pressing herself against Dave's hand. Dave's control was slipping now, and the pressure in his bladder was unbearable, but he didn't want to move an inch. Suddenly he felt a squirt and a dampness in his boxers. At first he thought he'd had a mini-cum, but then realised he'd pissed himself a little. He was losing the battle with his bladder and knew action was needed.

"Jayne, look, I really need to pee. Right now."

"OK, come with me. I'm bursting too" She said. She held her hand out to Dave, still sitting in the comfy reception chair. As he got up, his hard penis went straight through the fly of his boxers and pressed against the lightweight fabric of his Italian suit trousers. Although still only semi hard, the pyramid it created in his pants would have made a Pharoah jealous. Jayne smiled a huge smile as she looked at his crotch. "What have we got here?" and reached out for the bulge, gently touching the end. This was too much for Dave's now non existent bladder control, and a second burst of urine spurted out, so powerfully that it squirted right through his trousers and onto Jayne's hands. He just managed to halt the flow, maybe for the last time but there was a large wet patch now spreading over the front of his trousers. "Wow" she said, "you need to piss hard don't you. Let me help."

She led him into the small kitchen, closed the door, and wedged two towels into the gap under the door. "We can be as wild as we like now" said Jayne with a wicked smile. Then she reached out and squeezed the wet fabric of his trousers, and put her fingers to her nose, sniffing deeply. "You smell like a man should" she said with a growl. "Now let's help you out."

In desperation, Dave tried to walk over to the sink ready to take his penis out and let rip.

"You can't pee in there, it's full of cups and stuff" said Jayne grabbing hold of Dave by the arm. It was, but Dave was beyond caring at this point.

"I want to feel your man piss on me" she said breathlessly. With that she reached behind her back and released her bra. As it fell forward, Dave saw her exquisite firm breasts, her nipples hard and as big as bullets. Next, Jayne reached down and deftly lowered her panties, and gave them to Dave, who sniffed her aroma. She then got on her knees in front of a transfixed Dave, and pulled his zipper down. His penis sprang out like it was spring loaded. Jayne pulled his trousers down, and pulled his hard shaft out, pushing the boxers back until his hot balls came through the fly.

"Pee on me" she said laying back on the floor. As she laid back, she opened her legs wide and Dave saw her pussy for the first time. Her pubes were neatly trimmed, and Dave could see her moist swollen lips. She reached between her legs with both hands and pulled her lips apart. "Pee on me here" she begged as she pulled at her hood to reveal her swollen clitoris.

Dave didn't need another invitation. Grabbing his engorged dick, he aimed at her womanhood and at last released the pressure in his bladder. His stream came out with such force that Jayne flinched as it hit her pussy. He aimed as best he could at her clitoris, and everytime he hit the spot, she flinched again and let out a quiet moan. She reached down rubbing her clitoris with one hand while thrusting 3 fingers in and out of her gaping vagina. Dave felt a combination of relief, and the most aroused he'd ever been. Half a minute after he started, with his pressurised bladder still spraying out his piss, Jayne suddenly reached up and grabbed his cock. She aimed it first at each hard nipple, and finally pointed it up at her face, closing her eyes as it covered her in his juice. She seemed in extacsy as the hard stream powered against her. At last, it started to slow, and Jayne opened her eyes with a broad smile.

"Quick Dave, lie down on the floor" she said standing up.

Dave did as he was told, and laid on his back as Jayne stood above, a leg either side of him, and pulled her swollen labia apart. The torrent that came forth was every bit as strong as Dave's, and she deliberately aimed it at his solid penis. Dave instinctively reached down and held his tool, rubbing it with quick jerky movements. Jayne squatted down, one hand steadying herself on the counter-top and with the other she reached towards Dave's penis and grabbed it. With her piss now having to make  it's way out through her lips, the stream was less under control, and Jayne had to move around to keep her aim. Finally, as her stream lessened, she took Dave's steel-hard cock and pressed it against her clit, then used it to rub herself almost to orgasm.

But Dave was again at the point of no return and as he grabbed his penis an arc of white left the end and hit her pubic hair. Jayne was now rubbing herself furiously again until she felt the rush of orgasm hit her. Dave's final spurts came out as she spasmed, and squirted 2 small jets herself.

The 2 lay on the kitchen floor for 5 minutes, drenched in pee and come, then, looking up at the clock, both got up with a start. It was 6:50 and the MD might arrive at any moment. They quickly got cleaned up and dressed, and cleaned the kitchen as best they could, putting the towels in the clothes washer used by the designers.

Mr French-Nikos arrived only 5 minutes after they'd finished, but by that time they were demurely drinking coffee in reception.

"Hello Dave" he said shaking Dave by the hand. "I'm really sorry about the delay, I hope Jayne kept you entertained."

"Oh yes" said Dave, "She certainly did that" as Mr French-Nikos' led him into his office.

