On Holiday NOW (Pt 2)

6th April 2011, 02:19 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Firstly, thanks for your comments on my posting, and not posting on Sunday as I said I would, but it has been a really busy couple of days as you shall discover, lol.

Secondly, if you remember, I was already on the balcony sunbathing naked when they first saw me, so I could hardly run and hide. It was best to just brazen it out I thought. As they did not shy away I then knew that they were OK with it. Although, I have no inhibitions one still has to be thoughtful of others around you.

Friday night.

The two ladies returned form their trip to Seville at around 7.00pm. I was in the apartment and I heard them call my name. I asked if they had a nice day and they both said that they had.

They were showered, changed and ready to go by 8.30pm, so we met downstairs.

There is a really nice greek restaurant in Puerto Marina (Benalmadena) called El Greco so that is where we decided to eat.

The evening went really well and by 11.00pm we had all had our fill of food, wine and Ouzo.

They asked if I knew where we could have a couple of more drinks, so I took them to a Hotel where the bar is open to non residents until 02.00am.

Two more drinks and we decided that it was time to go back to our apartments. However, their were a lot of questions during the evening answered by myself and asked by myself.

We were all quite open about things we liked and disliked. I told them that I love to wear womens silk panties most of the time. They asked if I was wearing ladies underwear now, yes, of course I answered. Then one of the women said that during the summer she often goes out not wearing any panties, her friend said, Oh, you have never told me that before, and we all laughed.

One of them asked what it felt like to wet yourself, well, how can I explain that as it is different for everyone. So I just said try it yourself and see what it feels like, then her friend suggested that she tried it when they get back to the apartment. I jokingly said can I watch! She then said come back for coffee and we shall see if I want to go.

We arrived back at their apartment at about 01.15am and I suggested that if they wished to try it instead of coffee drink water, which we all did.

They both asked again if I was really wearing ladies underwear and I again said that I usually did. I was sitting on the sofa next to one of the women and she said show us, I said do you really want to see what I am wearing and they both said yes. I thought for a split second and decided that I may as well go the whole bloody hog and strip off. So I did just that, right down to my black silk panties. By now of course I had a raging hard on and as they were virtually see through my stiff cock could be seen.

The woman sitting next to me got up and run her hands over my underwear and she let her hands run over my stiff cock. Now I knew what I was letting myself in for. They both commented that my taste in underwear was expensive and that they looked nice on a man.

By now we were kind of tied up with one another on the sofa with hands everywhere and the water had been drunk. One of them said that she needed to pee, I suggested that she wait until she was really desperate, then she would pee anywhere or do anything to releive herself no matter who was watching.

By about 02.30am we were all naked and ready to go to the bathroom, one was holding herself and doing a little jig, lol and I was quite desperate myself by then. I took them both by the hand and one of them said that she was not too sure that she wanted to do it, so I let her go, and the two of us went in the bathroom and she really wanted to go badly by now.

We both got into the shower (bath) and I layed her down facing me with her legs open, I sat at the other end of the bath and faced her. Then we both let go, all the steaming pee came out, a little slowly at first, then it started to gush out of her and she made a bit of a noise when she begun to go, it was just the relief I think, she peed all over my body and face and I peed all over her. Her friend did come in and watch us and she just sat on the loo and went, I said what a waste, lol.

When we had finished peeing I wiped her dry and myself also. We had a nice shower together rubbing each other with a kind of sponge thing, it was really nice. her friend wanted to join us in the shower so once we washed all the pee of she joined us. We must have been in their for over half an hour just exploring one anothers bodies, it felt so good I can tell you.

Naturally things progressed from there when we begun to fondle one anothers genitals. I was having my stiff cock stroked and played with, and I was licking and nibbling one of the womens nipples whilst a couple of fingers were inside the others soaking wet vagina.

One of them bent over and grabbed my cock and put it inside her wet pussy, we fucked for ages, first slow then fast, then slow again.

Her friend said lets all get on the bed, so we did. I said whio wants to sit on my face, to which one of them did right away, the other sucked and played with my cock.

The one that I was fucking with in the bath said her friend needs a good shag, so you can fuck her tonight. At that point I did not give a hoot which one I made love with, lol.

What a night. One that I shall recall time and time again. A night spent with two nice women. Although they are not beautiful, well, one of them is good looking, they are really lovely.

Is that all...err, NO!!! We still had two days left yet!!!

