Busted at work

1st May 2008, 03:28 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

When I was 25 years old,I did something that I never thought I would ever do. I was a very private person. Actually kind of shy,...sometimes :-). Which makes this even more surprising.

I had been jilling off since I was twelve years old, but always at home, in the safety of my bedroom, door locked, curtains drawn and with every precaution taken to assure I would never be discovered. That is just how I have always been.

Well, I hadn't masturbated in five days (which is a pretty long time for me) and when I woke up that morning I was rather horny. However, I was also late for work, so I had no time to do anything about it.

As I was driving to work I was wishing that I had just five minutes to spare to attend to my needs, but I simply didn't.

Anyway, to cut a long story short, I was sitting in my little cubicle (I worked at a newspaper) but I couldn't concentrate on my work. Everytime I shifted in my seat my pussy would ache and throb. I tried to ignore it but it just got more and more intense.

Soon, I could feel the dampness between my legs and I mentally shut my eyes and tried to tell myself to calm down. This went on non-stop for about an hour and a half. Have you ever reached a point when you needed a release? I didn't say wanted a release, I said needed a release?

Well, after an hour and forty-five minutes I honestly couldn't take it any longer. I felt that if I didn't do something about this soon I would scream. I couldn't believe what I was about to do, but I also knew that I couldn't help myself.

I went directly into the ladies restroom, walked into a stall, raised my dress and pulled my pantyhoose down to my ankles and spread my legs as far as I could get them. While I was sitting on the toilet, I began fingering my clit as fast and as hard as I could!!

A minute after I got in there, a co-worker walked into the restroom and went into the cubicle beside me.

I froze for a second and waited.

I heard her lower her pants and then I heard her starting to pee as he let out a sigh of relief.

I got even hornier and automatically I started masturbating again, this time with the sounds of my peeing co.worker in my ears.

I was so wet that my fingers were flying over my clit with complete ease. I don't think I had been that wet since I was a teen! Within five or six strokes I felt the muscles in my pussy pound and get stronger and stronger by the second. My juices were now running down my inner thigh and into my butt crack and on my cheeks.

I tried to hold back to wait until she had left, but then all of a sudden it felt like a lightning bolt had struck me deep in my pussy. I bit my lip and tried with all my might not to scream as my entire body was raked by a wave of pleasure, unlike anything I had ever felt before!

I swear that it started deep in my pussy and moved through my legs and my stomach, through my breasts and out of my eyes!

A moan escaped my lips as my pussy squirted into the toilet again and again. I had heard of female ejaculation, but had never experienced it for myself. To be honest, I thought it was a myth. I learned different that day! I couldn't move for like a minute after.

Neither could my co-worker, obviously. Her peeing had stopped, but she was still in there. She is waiting in silence, I thought to myself.

Maybe she doesn't want to leave first so she wouldn't make me feel bad,I thought to myself.

I knew I had been busted and I new I had to leave soon.

Finally I cleaned myself up and left the cubicle. So did my co-worker.

It was my supervisor Jenny, a nice and good looking woman who was 35 years old.

I turned beet read, mumbled a silent apology, and hurried over to the sink to wash my hands.

She grabbed my shoulder and turned me around, and I felt a couple of pee spurts escape me in pure shock and embarrassment. I had forgotten to pee after I came.

Fear of beeing fired came to my mind, but before I could open my mouth, she told me not to speak as she put a finger to my lips to hush me down. Then she lifted the finger a bit and held it under my nose.

I smelled a musky scent of female pussy juice on her finger, and I realized that she had at least touched herself a little while listening to me cumming next to her.

She then took my right hand in hers and raised it to her nose, and then inhaled the scent of my sex.

I felt myself starting to get horny again, and when she right afterwards put my finger in her mouth and started to suck on it, my head was spinning.

Getting fired was the least of my conserns right then.

Horny and confused, I didn't know what to do or say, but Jenny took the lead. She pulled me into the cubicle that she just had left some minutes ago, locked the door behind me, pulled me to her and planted a deep, long kiss on my lips. Even today, I remember that kiss as one of my best kisses ever and I felt like I was melting in her arms.

Then she jammed one hand between my legs and started to rub my pussy through my pantyhose and panties

.

"My God, you are really wet", she hissed into my mouth. "Sorry that I scared you at the sink".

So she had busted me for the second time in just a few minututes, but she did not seem to be offended from my little accident

.

Instead, she continued to rub me as she moaned against my mouth.

I soon realised that she had her other hand in between her own legs.

Suddenly someone entered the door to the toilets and went into the stall beside us.

We both froze and looked at each other with both fear and lust in our eyes.

Jenny whimped in agony, obviously too far into her excitement to be able to totally stop rubbing herself.

I got punished by my nerves and my bladder one more time, and as the girl locked the door and opened her pants, a spurt of pee escaped me and soaked through my panties

.

Then the girl beside us let loose forcefully into the bowl, and the sound of her peeing, made me wanna go to.

I just managed to stop myself from having a major accident there and then, but it was a close call..

I stood at the floor, crossing my thighs around Jenny's hand in my crotch and biting my lips.

"You feel so warm and wet", Jenny whimpered into my ear as she started to kiss me again, even more passionate then before. I felt warm and wet too, and my excitment grew, inspite of my fear of being caught by our neighbour.

Then I heard the lady next to us finish and wipe herself. She left the stall and then she left the bathroom without even washing her hands. Maybe she had heard us.

I got nervous and wanted to leave too. But Jenny who knew we were alone in there now,started to rub my pussy again under my dress, as she rubbed herself with the other hand and pressed herself towards me.

Suddenly she stopped and raised my dress above my hips and did the same to herself. Then she lifted my left leg and put over her hip and behind her back, as she put her own left leg over my hip. I got the idea and as we both kept our ballance by stretching one of our hands on the walls for support, we used the other hands on the others butts.

Jenny started to grind her pantycovered pussy into mine as she moaned softly.The sensation was amazing, and I felt myself getting close to an orgasm again. Jenny was close too, I noticed, as she started to bang herlself into me.But the position and the movements sendt small shocks to my bladder, and I felt myself starting to leak.

In panic I broke loose and dumped down on the toilet to avoid a mess on the floor.

Jenny whimpered in frustration over the abortion of stimulation, but followed my lead and sat down on my lap facing me. "I need to come so bad", she moaned and grabbed my head for a kiss.

Now I got bold and put one hand into her panties and felt a shaven and wet pussy.As I started to rub her, Jenny let out loud moan. She let go of my head had grabbed both my breasts with her hands and stroked my nipplels with her thumbs.

I grabbed her ass with my free hand and pulled her closer to me, while I kept masturbating her faster and harder with the other hand.

Right after she stiffened, and cried out a long yeeaas into my mouth, as she came in a shaking orgasm, banging herself into my abdomen and my poor bladder.

She pinched my nipples as she did, and I was so close to cumming, that I just gave up my concern about messing up the place and myself, so I just relaxed and let it go.

I peed right through my panties and pantyhoose, and as I did,the feeling of warm relief made me cum again in a strong orgasm.

Jenny jammed her hand at my pussy again as I peed, and it was the most wonderfull sensual feeling I had felt in a long time. I had to moan her name into her mouth.

We held each other for a couple of minutes in the aftermath of our orgasms and then we left. Jenny thanked me for the experience hurried off to her office.

Some minutes after I got back to my desk another co-worker walked into the restroom and I couldn't help wonder if I had left any trace of what I had just done behind. Would she see something, smell something, would she know?

She walked out of there a few minutes later and gave no indication that she had noticed anything at all. Still, I wondered. I was so embarrassed, but at the same time I was so turned on by what I had just done.

But after that day, kept my jillingsessions more provate.

