Interactive story challenge

2nd June 2016, 10:26 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

Ok fun friends...

Let's do something new and fun. I would like for us to try to create an interactive story. I will start it off with a couple short paragraphs. Hopefully, some or all of you participate and play along.

Ok Lets start!!

So...my friends and I got together and decided to go out to the club here in town. None of us have ever been there before. We all have heard that this particular club was a bit wild and over the top. All of us were kinda leary but very curious and quit eager to go. We get all dolled up, and head out. Finally arriving at the club about 10:30 pm. There was a band playing It was exceptionally loud inside, so much that we couldn't even hear each other speak. This went on for about two more songs. About ten Tim eleven the band announced that they were going to take a break. All the band members disbursed from the stage except one. I think he was the drummer, but anyhow he walked up to the microphone, tapped it a few times and began to speak. He shouted out... "can I get all the ladies attention for a couple of minutes?".

A lot of ladies were heading for the restrooms, but curious of what he was going to say, they paused in their tracks. Once he had our attention, he challenged us to be brave and play a little game. After some hoaxing and calling us chickens, we accepted the challenge. Next he told us he was going to pick 4 volunteers compete. He quickly made his choices, and led us up on stage. He lined us up next to one another facing the crowd. Then he began to explain the challenge and all the rules. I was in a bit of shock when he said we were going to have a pee holding contest.

As I look down the line, I could also tell the other ladies were a bit shocked also. As he explained how the contest and tasks would be determined, he handed each of us a very large bottle of water. He explained how the first task would come from him and the following tasks would be picked by random people in the audience. And before I could even take a deep breath, he gave us our first task... Smiling an ornery grin, he told us we had to drink our whole bottle of water, and take turns feeling how full each others bladders were.

Next... He called on an audience member for a task of their choice.

