Sisters of Iesalia: Interlude

31st January 2012, 09:08 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Chapter Four is turning out to be a more difficult to write than I expected. In the meantime, here is part of a much older story that may be of interest.

The Book of Iesalia: Chapter 18

As translated from the Holy Lanthian tongue by Gilma, Head Sister of the Temple to Iesalia at Hesen River (739-785 C.G.)

1. It soon came to pass that the Goddess regretted her too-hasty vow; for, though the penetration had hurt in the first instance, she found herself remembering with much longing and desire the pleasure that came after.

2. And the dew from her woman's flower dripped and glistened upon her legs at all times. And the desire slowly took away her wits.

3. Upon a certain morning in summer, a Shepherdess came alone but for her flock and her dog, to the river where the animals were wont to drink.

4. And there she saw Iesalia in human form, lying upon the bank; and, not recognizing her divinity, she addressed her in this wise:

5. Who are you that goeth naked and alone in this wild place? Know you not that godless men, who take what they wish, inhabit this vicinity?

6. Surely such as they would happily take from you that which cannot be gotten again.

7. And the Goddess, in her madness, responded: Would to heaven that this were possible! For I have made a foolish vow by all of heaven that no man shall know what is between my thighs, and such is not lightly broken.

8. Whereat, moved by the genuine sorrow with which these words were uttered, the maiden sat beside the Goddess, and put her arm around her naked shoulders, and kissed her, and spoke to her of light matters designed to distract from her sorrow; and the sheep and the dog, having drunk deeply of the river, lay about or cropped the sweet grass and listened to their mistress.

9. And brilliant Racњlpe trudged up the slope of the sky along his well-worn path.

10. Soon, the maiden, ordering her dog to keep watch, divested herself of her simple garments and invited the Goddess to swim with her in the river; which she did, gladly, for the day was getting hot. And they were some time in the cool water.

11. As they lay upon the grass, naked, under Racњlpe's warm gaze, the Shepherdess saw that one part of Iesalia would not be dry, and knew a similar desire.

12. The Shepherdess said: Does your vow exclude women as well as men?

13. The Goddess said that it did not, but that it was of no consequence; for women lacked that which would be of use.

14. And the Shepherdess smiled and kissed her upon her face, and upon each breast, and upon her belly, and then upon the flower of her womanhood; whence the Goddess derived more pleasure than she had had at any time since her oft-regretted vow.

15. Divine Iesalia moaned and begged the maiden to continue; which she did with much pleasure.

16. And with lips and tongue and nimble fingers, the Shepherdess made love to the Goddess.

17. Then the Daughter of Lothar, gasping for breath, cried out: O maiden! surely I shall soon explode with delight!

18. I feel also that my over-full bladder may void itself; you must pause, that I may not empty it in your face.

19. And the Shepherdess: I beg you do so, for the urine of a young woman hath a pleasant salty flavour that I have been long without.

20. And she would not pause, but rather pushed the Goddess to new heights of pleasure; and her scream was as a storm wind and the flow of her urine a river.

21. By these signs, the Shepherdess recognized Iesalia of the Wind and Water, and she trembled, and knelt by the Divine One's feet and begged forgiveness for touching her.

22. But the Goddess had regained her wits and knew herself; and she raised the Shepherdess and pressed her to her bosom and kissed her and thanked her.

23. And then she laid the maiden down upon the grass and, with lips and tongue and nimble fingers, made love to her until the Shepherdess, too, screamed.

24. They lived together for some days after, following the sheep and making love upon the soft grass.

25. And it was the Shepherdess who first discovered that Iesalia was with child.

