Kryssie and Martin 5

21st February 2011, 11:47 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

The fourth part of the Kryssie and Martin experience...

The following morning I woke up in a state of confusion, firstly thinking I was in a hotel room, and then as the mist in my brain began to clear I was aware that there was someone in the bed with me and with that the realisation of who it was, and then what they were doing for there was a warm wet sensation in the general area of my groin.

I lifted the sheet and was met with the sight of a mane of red hair bobbing up and down on my cock, Kryssie lifted her head and grinned,

"thought that might wake you"

"mmmm nice way to wake up, if a little disconcerting"I replied

"had to do something, otherwise you'd have slept all day"

Kryssie scooted up the bed and lay on top of me, her head on my chest just below my chin and began to grind slowly against me.

"you're going to have to stop that soon" I said "that morning wood you were playing with is heralding a very full bladder, I'm going to need to pee real soon"

"Me too" Kryssie replied, lets just lie here a little bit longer first"

Kryssie restarted the grinding motion, then parting her thighs slightly, pushed back against me allowing my cock to slip a little way inside her.

"Ohhhh thats nice" she said, slipping down further and embedding my entire length deep in her pussy.

The circling, grinding motion resumed and Kryssie snuggled against me humming quietly, meanwhile I gently caressed her back and then slid my hands down to cup her firm buttocks, pulling her gently onto me as she pushed against me.

Without warning, Kryssie peed on me, my cock still deep inside, her amber shower hissing and squirting around my cock, she gave one last squeeze, forcing the last drops out then with barely any other movement, Kryssie came hard, shuddering and thrusting down on me.

"oh my god, what just happened?" she said " I just came without doing anything"

I'd hardly call peeing on me, with my cock deep inside you, nothing" I replied "but it did happen very suddenly"

"I've never cum like that before, I know I felt really horny, but peeing the bed was just so naughty, wow, that was really intense"

"any special requests lover?" I asked, " before I wet the bed too"

Kryssie looked sheepish

"will you pee on me" she asked

"Why so shy"?

"Because then I want you to stand over me and wank your cock and cum all over me" Kryssie said, her face turning bright red. "is that ok?"

"Anything you want" I said grinning

I stood between her spread thighs and and started to release my bursting bladder, aiming the stream first on her tummy, then her breasts then aiming downwards onto her soft pussy hair. Kryssie reached down and spread her pussy lips, arching her back slightly and giving me access to her clit. I obligingly directed my stream onto her hard little bud and realeased the rest of my pee directly onto it.

When the last few squirts had finished I began to play with my cock, slowly pulling back the foreskin and wanking myself. Kryssie's eyes never left my raging hard-on as she started to play with her pussy, her fingers circling her clit, occasionally digging deep inside her wet hole for more lubrication.

We both picked up speed, Kryssie closed her eyes and her mouth framed a silent ohhhh that foretold of her impending orgasm, her eyes flew wide and again fixated on my cock as I pumped away hard, moments later, we both came, me first, jetting my creamy cum in squirts which landed between her pussy and breasts, barely seconds later, Kryssie whispered

"oh my god, oh, my god, oh my godddd, I'm cumming.

Her knees straightened and bent several times and she gritted her teeth as her orgasm ripped through her..

I knelt over her, wringing the last few drops of cum out of my cock, Kryssie reached out and caught one on her finger, immediately transferring it into her mouth and sucking on it greedily, moving it to her tummy to pick up more before once again licking it off.

"That was so fucking good" she said

"and then some" I replied

We stripped the bed and put the sheets into the washing machine before showering, separately this time. Kryssie made coffee whist I scrambled some eggs and over breakfast we made plans for the day. Kryssie had to go into the office for a couple of hours but would be finished by midday, I needed to get some different clothes. I asked Kryssie if it was ok to make a couple of phone calls, I needed to let work know what was happening, plus I really should let my parents know why I hadn't contacted them on my return to the UK.

"No problem, I'll be back as soon as I can" Kryssie said, gulping the klast of her coffee and heading out the door.

I squared my absence with work then phoned my parents, getting my father. I related the events of the last twenty four hours, leaving out the bits about Kryssie, and my father after berating me for getting drunk said he'd send some money out to me via Western Union.

Half an hour later, papers in hand I collected five hundred pounds worth of Rand from a very suspicious Western Union clerk and headed off to buy some clothes.

I managed to find some reasonable loafers that looked ok without socks, a couple of polo shirts and a decent pair of denims. Passing by a jewelers on the way back to the apartment, A silver necklace with amber beads caught my eye, what a perfect gift for Kryssie, amber beads to remind her of amber liquid I thought grinning. It would make an ideal parting present and just thinking about leaving made me feel a little melancholy.

My spirits were lifted when I got back to the apartment and saw Kryssies jeep parked in its space.

When she saw me Kryssie said "wow, you look different"

"good different, or bad different"

"Oh definitely good, sort of more adult, no thats not what I mean, more... responsible"

"Well behind this responsible facade lies the same horny guy you peed on this morning" I said, making a grab for Kryssie's left boob which she skilfully avoided.

"Down tiger, plenty of time for that later, were going to lunch with a couple of my friends, just an hour or so, then if you're good, back here and you can fuck my brains out"

"Promise?"

"I promise"

Lunch seemed to go on for ever, endless questions from Kryssies friends which I answered politely but neutrally, Kryssie looked relieved that I wasn't letting anything slip about our relationship. Then when one of them asked us if we'd like to join them that night, I told them that we'd already arranged to go to dinner with Lucy and her husband, the conversation died instantly and I could tell that they wanted to say something, but the topic of conversation was quickly changed.

"What are you planning to do this afternoon"

"Em, I think Kyrssie wants to take me to some place on the beach for some water sports activity or other"

This was met with a swift kick under the table from Kryssie

"Yes I thought we'd go water skiing" she said quickly

Her friend Suzy shot Kryssie a quick look then grinned at me "well if its the same place Kryssie and I went to, you should have a great time, wish I could join you"

Just then Kryssie's phone rang, "I have to take this" she said and walked a few steps away, coming back a minute later.

"I'm really sorry Martin, I have to go back into work for half an hour, you can come with me, or stay here and I'll be back as soon as I can"

"Oh leave him here, we'll look after him," Suzy said quickly

"Thats what I'm worried about" Kryssie replied

I told her I'd be fine and so Kryssie left the restaurant with a slightly worried look on her face.

The instant she'd left, all the girls rounded on me

"Be nice to Kryssie, she's had a rough time recently"

"If you upset her I'll rip your balls off"

I feigned innocence, but I don't think I was fooling anyone

"Look, I really like Kryssie and I'd never to anything to hurt her, but I have to go back to the UK in three days"

"Well just be nice to her"

I promised I would, then asked them why the conversation had died when I'd said that we were going to dinner at Lucy's

It was Suzy who answered first " Its not Lucy, its that bastard husband of hers, Hendrik"

"Big bloody bully"

Suzy went on "he's always had a thing for Kryssie, never made a secret of it, he was always trying to get Kryssie and her boyfriend to go to one of his 'special parties'

"special?" I said

"Swinger parties, if he's not fucking some two thousand Rand hooker, he's trying to fuck someone else's wife"

"I think we can cope, we're just going for dinner, then make our excuses and leave early"

"well watch what you drink there"

I raised an eyebrow "meaning??"

"Meaning I wouldn't put it past Hendrik to slip a mickey into your drinks"

"Drugs?" I said

"Lets just say you wouldn't be the first person to wake up in a guest room with a hangover and no memory of the night before"

"I'm sure we'll be fine" I said, "it's just dinner and then home"

"Well be careful, if anything happens to that lovely girl, we'll rip off your pecker as well as your balls"

I rather had a feeling that they would too !

Kryssie arrived back looking worried, "I have to go and meet some people, come with me and I'll show you some of the sights along the way"

"or we could look after him for the afternoon" Suzy said

"Hands off girlie, he's mine, you go and find your own"

"Call me tomorrow and tell me about dinner" Suzy said as we were leaving

"See you ladies again I hope" I said

"Not if I can help it" Kryssie whispered, gripping my hand tightly.

We spent what would have been a lovely afternoon around the Victoria and Alfred waterfront, except for the fact that we'd both rather be somewhere else, I watched while Kryssie squatted to pee at the side of the road, the sun shining off her pussy making it look like it was on fire. Later Kryssie held my cock and made patterns in the dirt as I peed, it was a small consolation for the fun I was planning, but we still have three days left, I thought.

By the time Kryssie had finished visiting her clients, we'd barely enough time to get back to the apartment and shower before going out.

"What happened to getting my brains fucked out" I whined

"We'll leave as early as we can and go down to the beach again and fuck by moonlight"

"But what if I get stung by a jellyfish?" I said in my best childish voice

"Then I'll just have to pee all over you"

I hugged her and kissed her gently on the lips and we headed for the Jeep

The drive to Lucy's was slow compared to the speed Kryssie normal drove at and I could sense that she really didn't want to be there.

"Look if you don't want to go, we can always phone and make an excuse" I said

"We're here now, and he'll only take it out on Lucy if we don't turn up"

The more I heard about Hendrik, the less I liked him and meeting him did nothing to change my mind

"you're late" said with a forced grin, giving Kryssie a hug and extending a hand towards me, the following handshake was as I expected, far too vigourous, the grip way too tight for a friendly greeting. Alpha male trying to enforce his dominance, I thought to myself, probably drives a fast sports car and does weight training every day.

"Nice place you've got here" I said

"Six bedrooms, games room, swimming pool, hot tub... he started to rattle off a description like an over-zealous estate agent.

I tuned out and we followed him inside. Lucy, when we reached her, looked radiant, but a little ill at ease.

"Drink?"

Kryssie opted for a white wine, I asked for a beer,

"Go out onto the deck", Hendrik said, "I'll bring them out"

He arrived a minute later with two glasses of wine for the girls and two enormous steins of beer along with two shot glasses

He put down a shot glass beside my stein, "Dutch gin", he said, "put lead in your pencil"

I was about to take a sip when Hendrik tapped his glass on the table and downed it in one, watching to see my reaction

I Shrugged and did the same, the fiery liquid burned down my throat making me want to gag and splutter, somehow I did neither and smiling, said,

"A bit smoother than the stuff I'm used to, but not bad"

I picked up my stein and took a gulp, and grimaced

"Carlsberg Master Brew" Hendrik said "only ten percent"

"Piss water" I replied setting my glass down

"I can get you some weak stuff if that's too strong for you"

"its fine"

Hendrik's mobile rang, his ring tone was 'The Ride of the Valkyries' I could almost imagine him saying "I love the smell of napalm in the morning" and couldn't help smiling to myself, after a rapid exchange, including a lot of profanity, Hendrik announced that he had to go and sort something out and not to wait up because he was going to be late, and then he stormed off.

We worked our way through the drinks and then headed inside for dinner The food was delicious and, with the absense of Hendrik, Lucy seemed a lot more relaxed, I drank my wine sparingly and I noticed Kryssie was only sipping hers protesting that we had to drive home, turning down offers of the spare room, citing my imaginary consulate appointment the following day. Following dinner Lucy said

"How about we all get into the hot tub"

Kryssie and I protested about our lack of swimming attire, Lucy grinned and said she usually 'just stripped off and jumped right in' but that if we were prudish, we could borrow swimming costumes.

Kryssie looked good in one of Lucy's bikinis, she certainly filled it better than her host, I predictably looked ridiculous in Hendrik's gargantuan swim shorts which stretched from my belly-button down to my knees.

The girls chatted away about, well, girl stuff, who was seeing whom, current fashions etc etc and while everyone was distracted I managed to dump most of my lager into a plant pot, hoping that the poor plant would survive.

Lucy switched on the pumps and the water dissolved into a sea of bubbles, so I took the opportunity to slide my foot up Kryssie's leg, she shot me a glance obviously worried we might be seen, so I smiled and mouthed "love you" and started to work my foot up to her crotch. Kryssie obliged by parting her legs slightly and I gently started to knead her pussy with my toes, Kryssie responded by occasionally pushing back at me and squirming.

After a while Kryssie looked a little distracted and I realised she might be getting a little too excited, I'd never heard her cum quietly and I guessed she probably didn't want to make a noise in front of our host, so I withdrew my foot. Kryssie grabbed it and pulled it back firmly against her, holding it there and a moment later I felt a warmness, even compared to the temperature of the water, and lay back to enjoy the feeling of Kryssie's pee flooding between my toes. casting sideways glances at Lucy I was pretty sure she had no idea what was going on.

"More drinks anyone?"

We all opted for orange juice and while Lucy was away, I sat on the side of the tub facing Kryssie and hitched up the leg of my voluminous shorts so the tip of my cock was just visible, when I was sure I had Kryssie's attention I started to pee. I'd just intended to let out a little squirt as a tease, but the resulting jet caught Kryssie right in her cleavage and trickled down between her breasts to drip silently into the hot tub.

Kryssie traced the path of my pee with her finger, then sucked on the fingertip. Watching this beautiful creature tasting my pee made me instantly hard. I slid down into the tub and she immediately straddled me, fumbling with her bikini bottoms and my shorts, trying desperately to get my stiff cock inside her. With a little help from me she was soon firmly impaled and riding me hard. We were so engrossed in our activity that we nearly didn't hear Lucy returning.

"Sorry I took so long" she said, as we sprang apart "couldn't find where Hendrik had hidden the orange juice, hope you two weren't too bored while I was away"

I was sure Lucy couldn't have seen anything, but she looked a little flushed and had a distinctly mischevious grin on her face.

"What are you trying to insinuate?" Kryssie said, starting to blush.

Lucy pointed up one of the nearby trees at a CCTV camera "previous owner had three kids, there are cameras covering the drive, pool as well as the tub, the monitor is in the kitchen, I just happened to accidentally turn it on.

"Why you... you,... you little perve" Kryssie said, turning even redder but grinning from ear to ear

"Busted" , was all I could manage

Oh, don't worry yourself" Lucy said, "the resolution is rubbish, you can only really see shapes, no detail, besides, your secret's safe with me, anyway you'd be surprised at what people do in the tub... some of the things I've seen during dinner parties would make your hair curl"

"Hmmm, I'd heard about about your dinner parties" I said

"Oh don't believe all you hear about 'the sordid swinging parties' that go on, Hendrik entertains a lot of guys here connected with work, he hires half a dozen escort girls, gets everyone drunk and lets nature take its course"

"And thats ok, letting Hendrik fuck some cheap whores?" Kryssie said

Lucy laughed " Hendrik's a big man, in all senses of the word, height, ego, mouth and dick, but he's a real softie, a quick blowjob from me, and that's him done for the night, more often than not he'll take himself off to bed and leave me to keep the drinks flowing"

"and you just... what... ?" Kryssie asked

"I just watch the procedings and make sure things don't get out of hand, occasionally I might put on a bit of a show with one of the girls, but never the men, Hendrik might be a little softie, but I still think he'd beat me black and blue if he caught me with another guy"

"So you're,... I mean, you..." I stuttered

"I think the word you're looking for is bisexual" Lucy grinned "I'm surprised the gossiping lunch crowd didn't tell you that little tit-bit"

We were back in the tub by this time, Lucy sitting next to me and Kryssie sitting opposite us, the topic was predicably about Lucy and Hendrik's lifestyle. It seemed the tough Hendrik was really quite a nice guy, I had my doubts, but Lucy seemed happy enough.

As we chatted I noticed Kryssie had a far-away look in her eye and decided she must be having a little under-water play with herself, and to be honest the conversation was making me feel quite horny as well. I started to slide my foot up Kryssie's ankle, intending to continue my footwork on her pussy. I'd barely got past her knee when my foot encountered her other leg. Smiling at her I gently wriggled my toes and Kryssie obliged by spreading her legs further apart, as my foot was nearing its intended target, I realised it wasn't Kryssie's leg my foot had encountered, but Lucy's!

Glancing at Lucy she turned and winked at me, I wasn't sure exactly what to do next so I contented myself with caressing Kryssie's thigh with my foot, while our host continued whatever she was doing to Kryssie. I recognised the look on Kryssie's face, telling me she was fast approaching the point of no return, and sure enough, seconds later, Kryssie orgasmed, biting her bottom lip in an effort to keep silent while tiny gasps escaped her lips. By the time Kryssie opened her eyes I had lifted both of my feet out of the water and with a look of complete bewilderment Kryssie lifted Lucy's foot out of the water too, and just stared at both of us. Her look of astonishment was so comical I couldn't help but bellow with laughter.

Kryssie looked at the grinning Lucy "You... it was you" she said " I thought it was..."

Kryssie looked at me and said "and you knew???"

"only in the final seconds" I said "and then then you were away with the fairies, and it was so fucking horny I didn't want to say anything"

"you don't mind do you?" Lucy asked me

"As long as its OK with Kryssie, its fine with me" I grinned, looking at Kryssie, who had now turned a beautiful crimson colour. "I'm just a little jealous is all"

"want me to take care of him too?" Lucy asked

"Hands off lady, he's mine" Kryssie retorted, moving between us and putting a protective arm around me, "you can look, but don't touch,"Then looking at me said pointedly, "either of you"

"Lets take this indoors" Lucy said "it's starting to get chilly, you can leave your swimming things here, the maid will get them in the morning"

I looked at Kryssie and shrugged "in for a penny..." I said dropping my shorts on the ground

Following my lead, the girls quickly wriggled out of their bikinis and we all headed indoors, me preceded by a bobbing erection I could have pole-vaulted with.

Once indoors Lucy picked up a remote and pointed it at the fireplace, immediately, flames shot up softly illuminating the whole room. She tossed the remote to one side and crossed to the rug in front of the fire, lying on her side, she patted the rug and motioned us to join her.

I sat down cross-legged, my cock pointing straight up in front of me, Kryssie joined me and after giving it a few strokes, knelt in front of me and took the entire length of my shaft into her mouth. Lucy sat by her side and started stroking her friends bottom, then moistening a finger in her mouth, slid it inside Kryssie's pussy and started to finger fuck her in time to the motion of Kryssie's bobbing head.

I was in absolute heaven, and when Lucy spread her legs and started to finger her own smoothly shaven slit, I thought I was going to cum on the spot.

I stopped Kryssie's ministrations, I didn't want to cum just yet, this was a once in a lifetime experience, and I wanted to savour it. Lucy removed her finger from Kryssie and made a big show of sucking it, then put the finger she had been using to pleasure herself into my mouth.

"Different from Kryssie??" Lucy asked

"Hmmmm, hard to tell, let me just check"

Kryssie lay on her back and spread her legs wide in anticipation of what I was about to do, and I wasted no time in applying my tongue directly onto her erect little clit, after giving it a few licks I started to lick and suck along the whole length of Kryssies slit, sucking up her flowing juices and making her squirm and push against me.

Kryssies breathing became rapid and shallow, I replaced my probing tongue with two fingers fingers, angled so they massaged the front wall of her sopping pussy and then started to massage and finger fuck her, my arm moving backwards and forwards rapidly as my fingers pistoned deep into her hot wet hole.

Kryssie caught her breath and started to pant and moan in the unmistakable prelude to orgasm and just as she thrust and bucked against me, feeling her pussy grip my fingers tightly, I pulled them out and deliberately pressed down hard on her bladder. The effect was explosive and erotic, Kryssie came hard, screaming out loud, a jet of pee fountained out of her and hit the kneeling Lucy mid stomach, running in a flood down between her legs and over her shaved slit.

"Wow, not such a prissy Kryssie after all", Lucy grinned "quite the horny slut"

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry"

Kryssie blushed prettily and stammered out an apology, but she needn't have worried, for Lucy stood, straddled the prone Kryssie and started frigging her pee soaked pussy with urgency, her fingers a complete blur as she moaned and whimpered to an orgasm. As the first shuddering throws of ecstasy hit her, a series of spurts of pee jetted out between her fingers, cascading down onto the surprised Kryssie, then, bending her knees slightly she Lucy directed her stream onto Kryssies breasts, then upwards to her face. Finally Lucy's knees gave way under her and she collapsed on top of Kryssie, her face between Kryssies breasts, the two girls pussies pressed together and the last of Lucy's pee hissed directly onto Kryssies soft red curls.

Lucy started to wriggle against her friend, softly humping her as though an imaginary cock was penetrating Kryssies pee soaked pussy, Kryssie for her part was pushing back, grinding herself against Lucy's hairless slit, both girls completely oblivious to me. Despite having imagined the scenario unfolding in front of me a million times, I had no idea what to do next, certainly I knew what I wanted to do, I wanted to slide my cock into Lucy's exposed hole, but even if I'd have thought it would have been ok by Lucy, I sensed it wouldn't have been ok with Kryssie. My raging hard-on was throbbing in my hand, so I did the only thing I could think of, and knelt beside the two girls, watching their every move and I slowly stroked and wanked my rigid member.

Kryssie turned her head in my direction, open eyes and smiled at me, stretching out her hand she placed it over my stroking fingers as though helping me to play. Turning back to face her friend, Kryssie softly kissed the top of her head. Lucy looked up a smiled, then looked at me, then my cock. She licked her lips, and turning back to face her friend, kissed Kryssie full on the lips. Kryssie's free hand moved behind Lucy's head, holding holding her as the two girls kissed each other.

Fuck this was horny, I was getting the familiar tingling in my balls and knew my own resolution was close at hand. The girls heard the change in my breathing and the quiet humming noise I was making. Both looked in my direction and I shuffled forwards to that my cock was only inches from them. Lucy looked at her friend who smiled and nodded and just as I was about to erupt, took the end of my cock in her mouth, sucking hard and placing her hand over mine, pumped me hard.

My cock twitched, and the first squirt of cum gushed into Lucy's mouth rapidly followed by four or five more as I emptied my load between her lips, finally spent, I sat backwards onto my feet and watched as Lucy turned to kiss Kryssie again, this time her darting tongue transferred some of my cream into her mouth. Both girls swallowed then resumed thrusting against each other, their actions more urgent and hurried than before and after only moments, first Lucy, then Kryssie orgasmed, arching their backs and grinding hard against each other as they twisted and thrusted together.

"Well I didn't expect that" Lucy said at last, "not from you, always so prim and proper, who could have known that under that starchy exterior there was such a horny, sensuous lady"

"certainly not me" Kryssie grinned, "but I think I'm learning to open up a bit more and live for the moment" she said looking at me and smiling.

Just then, the phone rang, it was Henrik. I heard Lucy saying, "no, they're just leaving now, ... ok, see you soon, hurry back"

" I hope you don't mind" Lucy said "Hendrik will be back soon and I've got an itch that can only be scratched by a good hard fuck, besides, I'm sure that the two of you still have some unresolved business to take care of"

We all took a quick splash in the tub to clean up, and after dressing quickly, helped Lucy to mop up and remove all signs of the evenings activity.

We kissed Lucy goodbye, Lucy kissing me a little longer than was necessary and reaching between us to squeeze my cock, whispered "mmm, getting hard, lucky Kryssie"

"Bye you two, don't do anything I wouldn't do"

"Hmmm" I replied "I don't think that rules much out"

