Oh, what an exciting place a shower can be

4th June 2008, 11:32 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Earlier today I was at the gym. After the exercises I showered. As usually I.. ahum... well... peed while I was washing my pussy very thoroughly and energetically and as usually it all ended with one of those very intense pee orgasms! And I came to remember an other time when I showered...

I was about 18. I had been training running at the athletics ground and after undressing my training outfit I went to the shower room. On my way another girl of about my age passed me. She tripped with short, fast steps, her thighs pressed against each other and one hand pressing between them on her pussy! Obviously she was very desperate to pee but instead of entering one of the toilets, she went to one of the showers... There were six showers in a row along one of the walls and there were no walls between them. Curious of what she was going to do, I went to the shower next to hers. We began to shower at the same time. She stood turned towards me and when the water began pouring she took away her hand from between her legs and parted them. Oh! I almost forgot to mention that the showers were constructed so that you press a button to start them but after a while the water stops coming... Probably to save water and energy...

Pretty excited I looked at her. And after a short moment I thought I could see that she began to pee! And.. yes... yes!! The water stopped pouring from her shower and there she stood!! Caught in the act of peeing!!! Immediately she pressed the button again but now this happened that she began peeing very, very strong and the direction was pretty much forward so her forceful pee torrent shot a long way out from the shower!! Oh, my god! That girl really needed to pee!! Looking at her I could not abstain myself from pee too... I could see that she saw me peeing, especially when my shower stopped... I took my time to press the button again, wanting her to have a good look! And when her shower stopped soon afterwards, she too did not press her button at once...

We peed like for ever! I stopped before her and grabbed my soap quickly and started to wash my pussy... very carefully! And she followed my lead... Our showers were not pouring anymore... but we continued rubbing soap on our pussies!! And into them for that matter... We groaned and moaned, hips moving back and forth... fingers now fluttering upon our clits, now rubbing hard! Luckily we were alone for when we came in very intense orgasms, almost at the same time, we both outcried loudly!!

Afterwards she ran out into the dressing room shouting: Don`t tell anyone!! Don`t tell anyone!

Which I never did... Ooops!! Until now...

Your... oops again!! just started to pee my panties

... lol!! .. Yvette

