Wetting during a back massage

3rd January 2008, 12:27 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

I was recalling an experience aa year or so when I was traveling thru an airport and came across one of these stress relaxation massage centers. They offer a 30 or 60 minute back and neck message to releave stress. As my connecting plane was cancelled and I was waiting 3+ hours - this was stressful so I decided to spend the $60 for a massage.

The massage therapist was a cute girl and she placed me in one of those knealing chairs and adjusted it to make me feel quite relaxed. The 2 beers I had prior did not hurt either. She asked if I had any pressure points to be careful and I said no other than I had some sensitivity in my lower back almost like hitting one's funny bone.

As she is working my kneck and back I am getting totally relaxed and sitting in the chair was I realized pressing a bit on my bladder that had been filling with the beer. My tight fitting stretch jeans also added to the pressure. I continued to relax however enjoying the massage.

All of a sudden she hit that sensitive place in my back and I tensed up also at the same time releasing quite a stream of pee into my jeans. She asked if I was ok, to which I said, yes, but I was so relaxed that I seem to have perhaps embarased myself as my bladder just contracted to do believe. She appologized and continued the massage.

Once she was done I stood up and looked at my jeans which had a good soaking around the zipper area. She looked and again appologized saying I hope that you are not to embarrased. I replied, no, as this to will dry shortly, playing it down like I really did not care.

Paying her I strolled dow nthe terminal wearing my tight wet jeans but feeling more relaxed that ever. On the plane ride I ended up peeing my jeans some more, nothing large but keeping them nicely dampened.

Cheers and stay wet.

