Kitten's Project

3rd November 2011, 06:09 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

To start with, Kitten was an odd friend. It's not so much that she wasn't a good friend, but that she did not seem to care much for certain details while being obsessive about others. What's more, she considered herself an Artist, with a big "A", which developed into an excuse for all sorts of behavior.

Kitten wasn't her ... original ... name anyway, but it was what she insisted we all call her. It fit her well. She was as cute as her namesake; lithe and supple of movement like a cat, with a soft, expressive face. She was pretty. And sexy, in that slightly crazed sort of way.

I suppose that's why a lot of us hung around with her. Sure, we loved her, but we also were waiting in horrified anticipation just to see the next thing that might catch her fancy. Often something sensual, never something predictable.

So it was with some trepidation and no little excitement that I looked out my apartment window early one Sunday morning and saw her hurrying toward the door with a look on her face. She was bursting with excitment.

"Kitty!"

"Bruce!" Well, it was my name.

"Isn't it rather early in the ..."

"Did you pee yet?"

"What?"

"Did you pee?"

"What?"

"Did. you . pee. when. you. got. up. this. morning. ?."

"Isn't that a rather odd thing to ask?"

"Well, did you?" Insistent, that one.

"Ummm... Yes? I hear it's all the rage these days."

"Oh." She frowned, briefly disappointed. A coy smile: "Well, I didn't."

"Really?"

"I'm nearly wetting myself. Can I come in?"

"Of course, of course ... toilet's just down the hall!"

Sunday, what little I'd noticed of it, was looking good. And Kitten *was* uncomfortable. She often acted like she really needed the toilet when she was just excited about something, but this time there was inside information. Or maybe it was a little bit of both.

I'm sure she knew I found her sexy on some level, but I didn't really consider us in that way, and I wasn't going to confess to her how erotic I found her desperation to be. We were good friends. But Just Friends. So I pointed at the open bathroom door.

She had other plans. Ignoring the proffered relief, she dumped a large camera bag on my sofa and began frantically going through it, all the while stamping her feet and swiveling her hips around. I could only stare and hope my erection wasn't too obvious. Eventually, after a lot of bouncing and a few gasps, she produced an intimidating camera.

"Bruce! You've gotta take my picture."

"What?" I wasn't being *intentionally* obtuse.

"You know what this is?"

"Yeah. It's a camera."

"Then. Use. It." She was running in place. "Before I wet myself."

"What? Why?"

"Dammit. Just do it." Through gritted teeth. "I'm dying here."

She pushed the camera into my hands and quickly struck a relaxed pose. She was shaking.

"Okay. One. Two. Three." I took the photo and she immediately began running in place again.

"Did it come out? Let me see!" I handed the camera over. "Shit!"

"What?"

"It's all blurry. Use the flash." She pushed the camera back into my hands.

"Okay." She posed once more, shivering with the effort and breathing hard.

"One. Two. Three. Hmmm..." The flash wasn't quite charged.

Kitten gasped, shuddered, but held her pose.

"Ah. There we go." The flash went and she dropped to the ground, heel pressed under her skirt.

"Did it work this time?" I handed her the camera. "Good."

By this point, I was shaking with excitement and breathing nearly as hard as Kitten. She looked quickly around the room. "I need a jar. Or a big glass or something!"

"What?"

"Fuck! Just get me a jar!"

"Okay. Okay. Maybe in the kitchen..." I went off to look.

"Hurry. I can't hold it." She said the last part softly.

I found a saucepan and swept back into the room, triumphant.

Kitty was still sitting on her heel, rocking. "No. It has to be glass."

"What? Why?"

"God Damn It Bruce Get Me A Jar. A Fucking Glass Jar."

"Okay. Okay." I ran back into the kitchen, partly from a sense of urgency and partly to escape the wrath of the desperate girl.

Guessing what she intended, and turned on beyond belief, I finally found a disused but relatively clean and fairly large pickle jar under the sink. It even had a lid, which I removed.

Kitten was still sitting on her heel, flushed and breathing hard.

"Give it."

She set it on the floor behind her and in one surprisingly smooth motion raised herself off her heel, pulled down her panties and backed over the jar. Her short skirt obscured a lot, but I could see dark yellow pee foaming into the jar, and a small puddle on the floor in front of it. Kitten was panting, sighing with each breath as she finished relieving herself into the jar.

I found myself staring at her panties

, rolled down around her thighs. They were black cotton with a little white cartoon decal on the front. The crotch was soaked. I wanted to touch them, to smell them. I wanted to touch her. But...

"Oh, Bruce." She was staring between my legs, lips slightly parted.

I blushed.

"That turned you on, didn't it?"

I blushed more.

"You want more, don't you?"

She got up, kicking off her panties

, then bent at the waist, back to me, to pick up the jar of her pee. And for the briefest of moments lifted the back of her skirt, flashing a set of beautiful puffy lips.

"Not today. But next week it's your turn."

"What?"

"Oh come on." She was smiling coyly now. "Just take my picture again."

"You are being so mean." I said it with a smile, but I wanted her so badly it hurt.

She posed holding the jar of warm, golden liquid. I snapped a couple of shots, taking time to frame better this time. She seemed happy, and the fragrance of her pee was filling the room.

"This is Art." She was packing up the camera.

"Is it?"

"Yeah. Art. It just came to me last night."

"Really."

"People are so tied up with their pee, but it's nothing really."

"What?"

"I mean, everyone does it but nobody talks about it."

"Well, yeah. But..."

"I'm gonna take pictures of people who need to pee, and then show them before and after ... all the same. In the same relaxed pose, no matter how they're feeling. It'll be a great show! Or maybe a book..."

"But ... how are you going to get..."

"And you're gonna help me. So next week. Same time. Same place."

"But."

"But next week, you don't get to pee when you wake up."

She was out the door without another word. Her damp panties still on the floor. A little puddle where she peed. My mayonnaise jar filled with her warm urine set on the coffee table.

Next week, huh? Gonna be a long week.

