Back by popular(??) Demand...

25th December 2013, 04:34 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

It's was Pissmas Eve,

Instead of working on presents or anything important... I finished this here story. For those fans of mine, I hope you enjoy:

Holiday

Grandma Dell loved the winter holidays; she had friends of several faiths and represented each for them. However our story is not about Dell. No in fact, it is not even about her Daughter Chrysanthemum. Our story is about Chrys' two daughters, Holly and Ivy, who have been stranded at college during the joyous holiday season.

A Christmas Long Ago

One cold Christmas morning many years ago, Ivy and her sister Holly had awoken before their parents. They carefully and quietly snuck out to the living room to discover a tree laden with presents. Doing the best that two young girls could, they mitigated their excitement to prevent rousing the sleeping guardians just down the hall. They each sorted the presents they could move, helping with the ones too big for either girl alone.

By now they had realized with all the anticipation neither girl had gone to pee after waking. "Ivy, I gotta pee."

"No, don't yet. You know if you tinkle it will wake Mom, she's a light sleeper."

"But I really gotto go!" Holly said holding her hands in between her legs.

"Me too Holly, but I got'n idea. Take off your undies and follow me." Ivy was already removing her panties as she spoke and holly was quick to comply. Each girl hung them on a branch like an ornament and crawled beneath the base of the tree. Ivy spread her legs around the trunk, a leg to either side, hands back to support her, and relaxed. Holly was right beside her, same position, so their knees were touching. Holly's stream shot forth instantly and impacted the bark of the pine and slowly drained into the watering reservoir below. Ivy took a few seconds longer to start; she dribbled on the tree skirt before her arc reached the dry wood as well. The girls giggled quietly as the tiny streams silently subsided... and so it became tradition.

Do You Hear What I Hear

It was not long before tradition became illogical; both girls were just too big to sidle under the tree, even if they scooted in butt first for a few years. By now though Ivy had moved on from just once a year, she was hooked on going in unusual locales and Holly was along for the fun. They both had favorites, Holly preferred indoors. She had a knack for finding secluded corners, hidden floor drains, and often pre-existing puddles. Ivy was more of an outdoor girl, less restrictions, as long as no one noticed, there were no limits. One thing they both enjoyed was security cameras.

If Holly was looking for a spot and could not find one, they would always do a show. After all, if they had been seen wandering around where they not supposed to be, might as well give them something to watch.

Holly and Ivy's parents were no stranger to public affections. In fact they were almost embarrassing to be around. Kissing, biting, groping, stroking, nothing was off limits. So after watching a few times, the daughters could fake it easily. The show was always the same; it was just which part you played. A few pecks on the lips, a bite on the neck, then a breast grab, followed by unbuttoning and dropping lower garments on both girls. It really was an act, a set of motions to achieve a goal, relieving yourself in full view without getting in trouble. As soon as their panties were showing, they were flipped aside and spraying full stream. They always made sure to cause damage as well. Boxes of food, electronics, toys, paper goods, you never knew what could be found on stock shelves, loading docks, or behind buildings.

They still nearly got busted a few times, nothing goes perfect every time. One time in particular, they were still both in mid flow when a lady cop strolled right up to them. Luckily "Christine" was off duty, she let them finish while she watched, and then gave them a warning not to do it again, "around here." The rest of the time they were quick enough to flee and avoid that store for a few months if not longer.

Enough with the prologue though... let us start the story.

The Twelve Days of Christmas

Pat had won a radio contest, a holiday cruise for two. So it was decided that instead of everyone returning for the season break, Holly would stay on campus and Ivy would stay at her college. This meant Holly was stuck at in dorm... she was going to be stuck for the entire break, no presents and no vacation. Thankfully she was the RA for her floor so she could weather the time with no additional cost. However since the RA was staying, other girls could stay as well. Luckily there were only two that got stranded as well. Margaret was the perfect student, always good grades, very studious, athletic, on her way to being something great. Then there was Anna, average grades, loved to party... too much, and missed classes because, "she didn't want to go." These would be her companions until the others returned after the New Year.

Anna had missed her flight on a non-refundable ticket and would not have enough money raised for a new ticket until too late. However her job would allow her to pay the boarding fees for the break. Margaret on the other hand, was staying to work with a professor as an intern on a research project. She was not getting paid, but as a result was given a waver to allow her to stay. Holly knew each girl fairly well, it was a small dorm and with a shared bathroom, you either became friends or enemies quickly. It was because of this shared bathroom that their friendship changed immensely.

Holly had just finished shuffle the last girl out the door after finals. One of her duties as an RA was to make sure everyone got packed up and out the door before intercession. Since it was already late, she decided a nice long shower was in order. Gathering her things she headed for the bathroom and passed Margaret on the way. Margaret had apparently just come from the shower as she was drinking from her water bottle wrapped in only a towel. "Leave me any hot water?" Holly joked.

"Nope, used it all."

"I bet." Both girls chuckled as they walked away. Holly locked the door, disrobed, and started the water. Since the water had just run, it took no time to warm to a usable temperature. She climbed in and let the water cascade over her form. Sighing heavily to let her worries melt into the water. She lathered her loofah and soaped her tired body.

Holly was proud of her figure, she did not work out, and watched what she ate, and that kept her in decent shape. Her breasts had grown slowly but filled out to a reasonable size, she looked endowed, but not heavy. Running the loofah over her skin she got a familiar tingle and traced it past her navel to her trimmed bush.

It had been several years ago that she started trimming, she was almost due again. A few errant short hairs were showing outside the well-shaped narrow triangle. The year she turned fifteen, she bought her first bikini. Chrys had allowed it, even though Pat disagreed. However, the stipulation was that she wear it properly and that meant her first waxing. Holly shuttered at the memory and continued washing.

After rinsing she moved on to her hair. Her shoulder length brown hair was from a bottle, she was born a red head like her mother. Holly preferred to dye it just so it was not so "intense." After rinsing the shampoo off, she sighed again, it finally felt like vacation. The warm water over her body and the relieving of her stress made her aware of new ache.

Holly had not peed in hours... and she was starving.

Normally she would not evacuate herself in the shower. There was a time in her life she would not have thought twice. It was one of her favorite old past times after all, but after she got in college it was not as convenient to do and generally frowned upon. Holly reached up to turn off the water and then it struck her, "Why bother, there are only three of us here now?" With her hand still on the knob, she relaxed one more time. Her flow did not hesitate; it leapt forth mixing with the rivulets that ran down to the drain below. It was not a weak stream, having held it for so long her urine was yellower than normal and intense enough to easily impact the wall of the small stall.

No more than 45 seconds and a few dribbles before she was done. Reaching down Holly ran her middle finger over her slit to wipe. This excited one more need she had been neglecting. She rubbed and pushed sliding her finger deeper into her mound until it was enough to slip two inside. Her free hand instinctively reached for her nipples and began pinching them and twisting lightly. Lifting under she raised it and licked first before locking her lips around and sucking hard. She teased her clit with her thumb while thrusting deeper inside herself. Moments later she shook and her knees felt like they were going to buckle. The sound of the rushing water went distant as her orgasm subsided. Finally back in reality, her stomach growled and she decided it was time to refuel.

Holly dried off and wrapped another towel around her hair. She left the bathroom and headed right for the kitchen. As she arrived, she was greeted with a major surprise. Margaret was standing there in lounge wear laughing; Anna was on the counter in nothing but a T-top. This would not have been odd... in fact Anna seldom wore more than that in the evenings. The issue was that Anna was squatting facing the sink with her shirt flipped up, a huge arc of clear piss splashing down heavily over the dirty dishes below.

"And what have we here?" Holly used her best accusing tone.

"Uh... Oh... Oh... shit!" Stuttered Anna as her stream ceased instantly.

Margaret could not stop laughing to even stammer, "Busted!"

"I can explain! I got home and Margaret said you were taking a long shower. And I asked if she knew how long you would be, because I'd to pee. She didn't know, I tried to wait, but I couldn't... so I..." at this she gestured and stopped talking. As if to punctuate her statement she let go again and the rain over the dishes a quick spurt.

"I'm actually not mad." Holly stated. This prompted blank stares from both girls. "I have a proposal, since it is just us three, and as long as we agree on some ground rules... we can pee anywhere until break ends."

"Holy balls, seriously!" Anna exclaimed, "What are the rules?"

"First you have to clean up after yourself. If you make the puddle you, you make sure it doesn't stain. I know there are plenty of those already, we don't need more. Second, be respectful. Don't pee on my stuff and I won't pee on yours'."

"Fair enough, I'm game." Margaret agreed.

"Count me in!" Anna said as she turned on the counter and began peeing all over the linoleum as her stream waned to a dribble.

This prompted Margaret to chuckle again, "Mop is in the broom closet by the bathroom; my guess is we just leave it in the kitchen for a while."

Winter Wonderland

The mop did take up residence in the kitchen and got used frequently. Holly was taking advantage of freedoms and enjoying a hobby she thought she would have to leave behind. Margaret's intelligence had been a saving grace again, after a few times scrubbing the carpet for hours, she showed up one afternoon with a spray bottle. She called Holly and Anna to the common room where she squatted on the floor to pee. Once she was done she sprayed the puddle and within the hour, the puddle was gone. She said she found the formula on the internet and using some better chemicals from the lab made a version that worked. Despite having the miracle cleaner, Holly could not see Margaret partaking in the festivities.

There were a few notable occasions; Holly awoke early one morning to an odd sound. Groggily she glanced at the clock, 3:20 AM, the noise sounded like rain hitting a tin roof, flowing down a gutter line, and finally falling down a vertical sewer pipe. This by nature increased her need to go. Holly climbed out of bed and was headed down the hall when she saw Margaret. She was standing in the hall with a hoodie, ear buds, running shoes on, and nothing else. This was not particularly odd considering the current agreement; however Margaret was standing with her right foot pressed against the wall at the same level as her breasts. The exposed her muff entirely, from which was emanating the source of the odd din. Margaret was emptying herself into the open floor duct of the old heating system.

"Oh sorry did I wake you? I was getting ready for a jog and got about half dressed before I had to go." Margaret whispered.

"No it's alright. Don't flush, I have to go too." Holly slid her panties down and off completely before kneeling next to Margaret's other leg. From this position she could get close enough to let her stream go without worrying about being splashed by the waterfall coming from just above her head. In the dark the two shared the enjoyment of the pattering down the makeshift drain.

Being so close to her face, Holly took a minute to admire Margaret's slit. It was as petite as expected for a girl her size, possibly even smaller than it appeared. There was no hair present at all and no evidence that any grew there either. She watched the slightly tinted stream twist in the air as it descended and mixed with her own.

The scene did not last long before Margaret slowed to a few drips and then lowered her leg back to the ground, which was accomplished ballerina style by extended it out the side before bringing it down. As soon as she was standing on two feet again, the door opposite flew open. There in the doorway stood an almost still asleep Anna.

Without taking notice of either the other girls, Anna lifted her nightgown exposing that she was not wearing anything underneath. Without hesitation her stream jetted forth, covering the width of the hall, and impacting a foot above the carpet on the wall. The flow was inconsistent and wavered as Anna tried to keep her balance. She leaned into the door frame and her gush splattered and jumped in response.

Margaret and Holly just stared and then everything went a little crazy. Anna slipped her shoulder off the door jam, which unbalanced her entirely. She fell backwards on her heels and landed squarely on a pillow in the middle of the floor with a thud and was out cold... still not done going.

The once four foot arc, now a two and a half foot fountain head from between her still spread legs. Muttering in her sleep, "Wh'res the fnck'n spray bottel... ahhellillgetitom'rooo" *snore* Margaret looked down at Holly and both girls mirrored a dumb-founded look. Since she was already done, Margaret returned to her room and brought back the spray and took care of the puddle. "I think we can live with helping out this time, right?"

"So is that why the pillow is always there on the floor?" Holly inquired as reply.

"Yeah, even before the 'pee anywhere' thing, she would get to the door of her room and collapse just like that. Her roommate got scared that she was going to hurt her head, so she taped the pillow the floor. We even joked that the pillow might not be needed if she actually had some boobs."

Holly explained her curiosity. "Huh, I was going to soak that the other day... then I thought she might still use it and just went in the hallway."

Later that day Holly noticed the lack of beverages and decided to do a supply run. However that was just an advantageous excuse anyway. Holly had always wanted to try one especially taboo release. She made sure she was dressed for the occasion and headed to the store on foot.

Across from the dorms was a convenience/grocery/sundries store specifically for the students. This place carried everything from coffee to tampons and appliances to spark plugs. Holly waved at the clerk as she entered, a young girl name Melanie, and headed to the far corner of the freezer cases.

This location was what she came for; there in the back corner was a blank spot in the camera network. Even that was inaccurate however; the truth was you were still visible, but only from the shoulders up because of the high shelves in that aisle. Whatever the reason, Holly was finally going to see if it caused steam when she pissed in the freezer. She had put on a short skirt and left her panties behind in preparation; she opened the door and pretended to be looking at the beer on the bottom racks.

As she rose back up from her squat she made sure to hike her skirt up. Holly then leaned in as far as she could. Still feigning interest, she pointed at two different price tags, one with each hand, acting as if she were comparing prices. Her muscles relaxed and she let her urine flow. It leapt forward and began to drench the 12-pack she had been falsely examining moments ago.

Still trying keep up appearances, Holly removed two cans and compared serving information. Then her phone went off in her pocket.

A little started she almost lost control but she placed one beer back on the shelf and dug for her phone, still hissing full stream. Thankfully the overhead speakers always blasted heavy metal. The notification turned out to be a picture text from Ivy. Holly looked over the picture and tapped a quick reply, "Looks like you're having fun too. I'm peeing on some beer right now, no steam as hoped, but surprisingly satisfying. ;P" Finally waning, her spent fluids had saturated the cardboard almost to the point of failure.

Fixing her skirt and returning her phone to her pocket, Holly grabbed a bottle of fruit juice and headed to the counter. "I think one of the cans popped in the back there. There is something all over the floor and it smells kinda rank." She remarked to Melanie as she paid and quickly left the store. As the door closed behind, she heard a *crash*... knowing the packaging had given way, she jogged away from the shop.

Peace on Earth

Ivy had been left in a similar situation, stranded at college for the break just like Holly. The difference was that Ivy was at a Catholic Boarding school. Since she always loved the outdoors, when it came time to choose a career path the answer seemed obvious, Botany. As part of her curriculum, Ivy had traveled to many different schools to learn about various horticultural techniques. She had wound up here to learn about organic hydroponics for homeopathic medicine from the Nuns of St. Mary-something something something... something.

Ivy could really care less. It let her travel the country, slack off for classes that barely had grades; show up and you pretty much passed, and generally be a bit wild. However this particular school was a challenge, the nuns expected hard work and results for a passing grade. This meant that not only was Ivy required to be present, she had to do tasks and grow healthy plants. However Ivy was not stranded, the nuns wanted her to stay to demonstrate proper winterization care. At least being in the warmer part of the country meant a mild winter of summer like weather.

Being a partially Catholic school, there were certain additional rules, namely a curfew. Ivy was quite often in violation of this rule and as a result got punishments. Often her reprimands were just confessional time; however her incursions landed her additional chores. There was an old chapel on campus that had been built in the seventeenth century; it was now her job to mop the floors, daily.

Today was Thursday, which meant she would have to start mopping after five o'clock mass. This also meant that she would not be done till eight o'clock. The Chapel had no internal lighting but candles and it was impossible to mop by candlelight.

Ivy had been sloshing water around for an hour when her need arose. She did not dare take a break; the nearest bathroom was across the courtyard and would be a ten minute walk each way. She pushed on ignoring the ache, but the splashing and wringing of the mop head intensified her urge. An idea struck her like lightening; there was nothing to stop her from going right here. She was already annoyed with the punishment; this was a great way to at least enjoy it.

Unlike her sister, Ivy never gave up her hobby. She regularly relieved herself outside and often inside if the mood struck her. So with her mind made up, she began preparing, she finished an aisle between pews with the mop and dropped it in the bucket, unbuttoned her jeans and walked to the next aisle. Once she was there she hopped up on the pew and dropped her jeans and boy cut panties to her ankles. Ivy then stood back up and with a hand propped on the seat back, let go. Her flow was bright yellow, one too many energy drinks today, but she had to do something to stay awake when you were out till two in the morning...

The added height made a bigger splatter on impact and coronas flew out in every direction from the growing pool. Ivy sighed with relief and then chuckled, this was probably the naughtiest she had been, not only was she going indoors, she was in a church; she looked over to see the crucifix hanging behind the podium. The noise of her flow had filled the room with both hissing and sprinkling, enough that Ivy had not noticed the footsteps approaching.

"Quite a display there, young lady."

Ivy scrambled to cover herself, "Oh sister, I didn't think~"

"Clearly." The sister interrupted.

"I just... with me mopping and losing the daylight..."

"Well, I suppose you're right. However, I want hundred hail Marys tomorrow as ya mop up."

*sigh* "Understood."

"If ya be finished, I'd like to show ya something. It won't be long."

Ivy hopped off the pew and fell in tow behind the sister. They exited the chapel and rounded the side of the building to a stone hallway that opened into a secluded courtyard. There were several rows of plants and along one wall was a large rose hedge that stopped just before the corner of the stone walls.

"This's MY Garden. I'm the only one tends it. I grow what I want 'ere and how I want it."

"It's really lovely." Ivy tried to complement.

"Aye, but it takes all me free time to make it that way. So as ya can expect I get a bit desperate meself. However that's nere a reason to spray all over the floor." Ivy opened her mouth to speak, but was immediately shushed. "If you find you're in a bind ya do like I do." The sister walked over to the space between the hedgerow and the wall. Facing the hedge she bent down and reached under her habit before gathering it and holding it around her waist. As soon as it was set, she shot a forceful stream into the hedge. "Better for the plants than the stone floor."

"Wow, that's some talent there." Ivy said stunned.

"Aye, grew up out in the moors. Not many a toilets, me mum schooled me."

"Do you mind if I get a pic? Completely for educational purposes."

Mulling for moment the Sister replied, "Sure'n enough, but ya be doing fifty more Marys for it and ya best be quick."

"Understood." Ivy quickly grabbed her phone and took in the whole scene from two angles, above and to the side, then head on as best she could next to the roses. "I'm really surprised you uh, groom?"

"Just because it's only God and I sees it, don't mean it can't look good?" The sister had finished and was pulling her panties back up. "Besides, I lived a diff'rent life before my callin'. But that be for 'nother time, back to mop up and not a word to anyone."

Ivy complied, "Yes, Sister."

As soon as she returned to the chapel, Ivy pulled out her phone and sent a quick text with a pic to Holly. Moments later she got a reply, "Looks like you're having fun too. I'm peeing on some beer right now, no steam as hoped, but surprisingly satisfying. ;P"

Bells of St. Mary

Ivy was stuck with Mother Superior for the day. She was learning new techniques for fertilizer and organic nutrient mulch. Normally there would be several students but since this was over Christmas break, it was just Ivy and the Mother. The day had been long and dull until the discussion turned to composting.

"Compost can be made from almost anything as long as it is organic. This includes paper products, aluminum, certain plastics, any comestible food, and animal or human waste."

Ivy perked up, "Wait, What?"

"Did you have a question?"

"You said human waste? So if I had a compost pile I could 'go number two' and it would actually help?"

Mother explained, "Please refrain your innuendo, but yes. Both liquid and solid wastes contain trace amounts of lost nutrients as well as beneficial bacteria."

"But urine has ammonia, isn't that always bad for soil?"

"When allowed to combine properly it is mitigated and can even improve soil pH. It is not recommended to be done every day, but regularly can be useful. However, it should also be noted that you can improve the quality with a proper diet. Lots of water, fruits and vegetables, complete protein, etcetera. However it appears that it is time for lunch. You have thirty minutes."

"Understood Mother." Ivy quickly headed to the cafeteria hall.

The time passed, faster than expected and Ivy was running late. When she got back to the greenhouse, the Mother still had not returned. Ivy made sure to check the entire greenhouse before looking outside.

She circled right around the building and was all the way at the back before she found Mother Superior. Apparently, the Mother had taken to heart the lesson she was just teaching. From Ivy's secluded position, she could see the Mother watering the earth. She was facing away from the compost and had her butt in the air as she bent over. What struck Ivy was the nature of her release; it looked like a fan sprinkler.

Ivy could not see the Mother's muff, but the liquid exited vertically and twisted to a wide horizontal coverage. The Mother pivoted at the waist making sure to get sufficient coverage and even bend forward to increase the distance. The spectacle did not last long, though Ivy did get a short video.

She quickly dashed back into the greenhouse and waited for the Mother to resume the discussion.

"Forgive me Mother, for I have sinned." Ivy was in confession.

"What is your sin?" The Mother accepted confession as this was an all-girl school.

Ivy ran down the list, "I've had impure thoughts, snuck out after curfew, and consumed alcohol."

"Why do you constantly do these things?"

"I'm bored; this school is stuffy and confining."

"Why do you not apply yourself to your studies?"

"I have several plants doing quite well, you know that, but I need some excitement now and then."

"Surely you must have a hobby that is not sinful?"

"You know what, I have to pee. I'll be right back..."

"Don't lie, you are just trying to leave."

"What?! No I really do have to go."

The Mother continued the inquisition, "Have you mopped the chapel today?"

"No? I had to do this first..."

"Then if you agree to stay and discuss your issues, I will allow it."

"Allow what?"

"Since you are going to mop anyway, you may as well use the confessional."

"Mother Superior!!" Ivy shouted.

"Keep your voice down. If it were not you cleaning the floors I would not suggest it. Besides, it will be an additional punishment to both stay here and clean you filth and well."

Ivy was quick to acquiesce, before the Mother changed her mind. She quickly stood in the tiny cube and lifted her knee length jean skirt to remove her panties

, she then sat bare bottomed on the seat and placed her feet against the door.

Thankfully Ivy was not lying about her need. However the Mother was still talking to her and it was destroying her concentration. She kept answering her interrogation until the signal to relax finally reached her groin and actually connected. Leaping from her untrimmed muff, the golden cascade pattered again the wicker door and ran down to pool and efflux down the small steps. Ivy finished quickly and assumed she was off the hook finally.

"Please wait." The Mother spoke as Ivy tried to dismiss herself.

"Um, K."

"I know I shouldn't, but I fear I have gone without too long."

"Gone without what?"

"A break, if I move now I will surely regret it. At least grant me the dignity of the bucket, hurry!" Ivy clamored out of the confessional as fast as she could, dashing through the transept, and down the stairs to the cellar below. Thankfully she knew the location of the bucket and did not need to light the way... except the bucket was not there.

She fought to light the first match before it snapped, the second simply would not spark, "Fuck it all! PHONE!!" Ivy yanked her phone out of pocket and activated the screen using it as a flashlight. The bucket had been shifted down a few feet from where she was looking. She grabbed it and rushed back up the stairs. Having just worn flats that day, Ivy was able to use the lack of friction and slide across the stone floor and hop up the confessional steps to the middle door.

She knocked and the door cracked open enough for the Mother to pull the bucket through. She must have been preparing in the wait, because no sooner did the door close than the telltale noise started. By the echo, the Mother was holding the bucket to make sure she did not miss, however judging from the force, it would not have been an issue for her. Ivy could hear the fan shaped spout as it impacted and quickly gathered in the small basin. The Mother continued for over a minute before the rough sprits became a quieter dribble, which itself lasted another almost two.

Finally a great sigh marked the completion, followed by thud and slosh of the bucket on the floor, and some rustling of material.

She emerged from the door with a very red face, "Was it noticeable?"

Ivy gritted her teeth, "Yeah, probably..."

"Oh." The Mother looked very dejected. "Please if you are discreet with the removal, I will let you off of confessional punishment for the remainder of break. Assuming you behave properly."

"Understood Mother."

"Now if you will excuse me, I need to retire to my chambers and freshen up a bit."

Ivy waited for the Mother to disappear from the chapel before entering to examine the aftermath. The chapel had been empty the entire time, not a soul heard anything except her. The bucket was just under a third full, which was impressive considering the size of the bucket. Ivy had looked at it before noting it to have a five gallon mark. She opened the door again and made sure that the nave was still empty, before hoisting the bucket and transporting it to the Sister's small garden. She poured in over the rose hedge noting the dark yellow color, but lightly sweet fragrance.

Auld Lang Syne

Christmas had passed and it was already New Year's Eve. Holly, Margaret, and Anna decided to have a "Pee-for-all" Pajama Party just the three of them. Margaret had made a few extra bottle of spray for the occasion so there they were going to live it up for last day of freedom. Anna had worked some overtime and banked the money for an alcohol spread that would make a bar jealous.

They started the festivities about 9:00 and were really enjoying drinking and dancing, when they were interrupted by a visitor. Anna recognized her as Cherry, a girl that RA'ed on a different floor, apparently the music had been loud enough to prompt her inquiry. She was in a same position, left over break, but it was because of a tumultuous home that she preferred to stay away from at any chance. Asking if she could stay, Cherry was immediately welcomed to the party.

Anna and Cherry were sitting in the TV area chatting, when forgetting that Cherry was not part of the original group; Anna stripped off her panties, sat back down in her chair, and began peeing over the coffee table.

"Uh? I... I... Um, Holly?" Cherry was clearly confused.

"Oh right! Yeah, as long as you are here... Pee anywhere!" Anna blurted as she continued to shoot a clear arc that was now actually raining down on floor opposite of the coffee table from her.

Holly explained more clearly, "It's really alright. If you have to go, just do it. We have a cleaner and this is our way of celebrating tonight."

"Wow, I'm no stranger to watersports... but this was still a bit new. In fact, I have a game we can try." Cherry explained the rules to Pee Shots.

"Isn't drinking urine dangerous?" Holly asked skeptically.

"Not at all, as long as none of us are ill, carry a disease, or taking drugs. It's actually sterile, composed of lost electrolytes and nutrients, and very little waste." Margaret was quick with the scientific clearance. "I've actually been putting some in my water bottle since we started this whole thing..." She continued sheepishly.

After several rounds the group was more than tipsy and getting really bold. Anna was drinking whole rounds, every glass in succession. Then she would kiss Cherry and expel the mixture into her mouth. Not long after Holly was getting the same treatment and in no time the alcohol was completely out of the equation. The girls paired off and stripped naked and the four of them were soon an orgy on the floor.

Anna had her tongue in Holly's slit with a finger probing her ass; Cherry was sucking on Anna's perky nipples and fingering her own ass, while Margaret was standing with a hand on each breast and Holly's tongue licking her clit. The girls shifted round and round enjoying each other's bodies and orgasm after orgasm. Exhausted and panting the four lay together in the afterglow.

Anna was the first to speak again, "Hey, look! It's almost midnight, Let's all pee as the clock strikes!" Sure enough it was 11:58, the girls scrambled to find the location they wanted.

Margaret placed a foot on the back of the couch allowing her to straddle it in a standing position. Cherry was seated with legs spread in the chair across from the couch. Anna had taken her original spot on the kitchen counter commemorating what started the fun, and Holly stood directly under the clock.

They counted down the final seconds together, "5... 4... 3... 2... 1...!" As the hour struck each girl released. Holly was first and was swaying her hips before her flow started. Anna and Margaret started on the second and fourth chimes respectively. Anna was projecting well into the center of the tiny kitchen and gaining distance on reaching the edge of the linoleum. Margaret started by directing her stream over the cushions on the back and then once she was satisfied moved on to the seats. Cherry however, was the last to start.

The clock had already chimed eight before she got a dribble out, then it was all eyes on her. Margaret got drenched; Cherry was launching short bursts all the way from her chair and impacting poor Margaret and the already wet couch. Shot after shot, until Margaret looked like she lost a hose fight, droplets mixing and rolling off her tight athletic frame. Cherry got up and walked to Holly next, treating her to several shots from a moderate distance, leaving her looking like Margaret had dripping with spent liquid. Finally she volleyed her last target, Anna. Standing well outside the kitchen, Cherry hit Anna again and again, until an outline could be seen on the wall behind her.

Cherry then moved directly into Anna waning stream, drinking as much as she could get in her searching mouth. What she could not swallow she rubbed into her firm breasts and toned belly.

All location were sprayed down with the solvent and the girls were back into the throngs of passion. Holly awoke the next morning to the sound of her cellphone. Still heaped under the three other girls she saw it was her mothers calling. "Hello Mom."

"Hey honey, just got back to shore." Chrys answered.

"So how was the cruise?"

"Patricia really liked it, we went skin diving in the ocean and she and I visited the nude beach too."

"When will you girls be back home?" Holly inquired.

"Tomorrow morning, though Patricia says she wants to stop by and she you then Ivy. Gotta go though, will let you know more soon. Take care love!" *Click*

Holly hung up the phone and held her camera up to snap a quick photo. She tapped out a text to Ivy, "Happy New Year! Just heard from Mom... and Mom. Hope you had as much fun as I did last night. ;P" She attached the pic and pressed SEND.

