Jen and Joe Part 4

29th March 2006, 09:20 PM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 4

I'm not sure how long I had been asleep, but I was awoken by the sound of a door closing out in the hallway. As I turned over to go back to sleep, I heard the door to the guest room open and I opened my eyes just enough to see Jen coming into the guest room where I was sleeping.

There was just a faint hint of morning light coming into the room and I could just make out her gorgeous figure in her thin plaid pajamas. She tiptoed over to my bed, and started to quietly slide under the covers. I startled her a bit when I softly asked if she was lost. «I'm sorry if I woke you with the noise» she said. «I woke up having to pee really bad and had to get up. I started thinking about you sleeping across the hall alone, and how nice it would feel to snuggle up to you instead of going back to my empty bed.» I smiled and said «I think that would be wonderful!»

She slid under the covers and snuggled up to me, draping her leg over mine and hugging me tightly. «Mmm, you feel good.» She said. «And warm.» I wondered how I was going to get back to sleep with this sexy woman draped over me, but I didn't really care at the moment. «What time is it?» I asked. «About 6AM» She replied. «We should probably try to get some more sleep don't you think?» I reluctantly agreed, and she turned on her side facing away from me. I immediately spooned up behind her as tight as I could, running my hand down her sexy body and coming to rest on her butt, enjoying the feel of the tight cotton pajamas.

«Of course I'll never be able to get back to sleep like this.» She said. «I'm sorry - should I move to the other side of the bed?» I asked. «No, not that» She said. «I have to pee so bad I'm bursting.» «I thought you went just a few minutes ago?» I said, confused a bit, still a little sleepy. «Well I did get up to pee - but I haven't gone yet»…I could feel her smiling as I began to ponder the possibilities. «Well you better get up and go if you want to catch any more sleep.»

I said, with little conviction. «No, that's too much trouble, sorry.» «I think I'm just going to lie here and wet the bed.» I felt a shiver of excitement, then told her she couldn't just pee in the bed, especially with me here in it. «Oh yes I can - it is my bed after all.» «Admit it Joe, you would love it if right now I just relaxed my bladder and let my pee rush out into my pants and spread all around us and across the bed.» «I haven't gone all night and I'm bursting - you know you'd love it.»

I was almost shaking with lust from her teasing, and I took my free hand and stroked her hair along the side of her neck. I leaned forward and nibbled a bit behind her ear saying «God Jen - you are so hot I can't believe it.» I spooned up as tight as I could, my hand still on her ass, still nibbling behind her ear, whispering to her. «Do it Jen. Pee. Just let it all go.» She didn't move at all, but I felt her body relax in my arms. «Here it comes Joe, I'm gonna wet the bed.» I began to hear a faint hissing noise from beneath the covers, before I even felt the wetness. «Mmm, I'm peeing.» She whispered. «It feels so good.»

The hissing got a little louder, and I began to feel her warm pee spreading out underneath us in the bed. My side got wetter and wetter, and as I ran my hand over her butt, I felt the wetness wicking up her pajamas as they became saturated. Her pee had not slowed yet, a gentle hiss still audible over our heavy breaths, as a huge puddle spread around us in the bed. She finally began to run dry as she said «Oh my God this is unbelievable.» «I'm so turned on.» I felt her run her hand down the front of her pjs, as I pressed up against her soaked ass, both of us having a huge come within seconds. We lay there basking for a long time. When we finally caught our breath, she said «Mmmm…It's still way early - let's try to get some more sleep.» «I'm thinking we should rest up and maybe go back to the lake later today.» I doubt she will have much trouble convincing me…

Joe H.

