True solo piss on the plane

26th November 2010, 09:34 PM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

This story is 100% true... I'm a fucking maniac sometimes.

I recently had a long international flight... The flight attendants were wearing tight little slacks and blazers. The cutest one was a statuesque blonde with a knockout body. I was sitting in the aisle, and after handing me my third wine, she turned to serve the other side of the aisle. She was so tall that her firm ass was eye-level when I was sitting upright. I wanted to just bury my face in it. Well, she bent over to reach someone at the window seat, and nearly made my dream come true. As she bent, she pushed her ass in my face, putting her starfish about two inches from my nose. Needless to say, I took a discrete but deep whiff. It had the faintest musty smell. As long as I live, I'll never forget the sight of those tight polyester pants, stretching even tighter across her perfect ass as she bent it over in my face.

At that point, I needed to excuse myself! I got up and went to the restrooms, but they were all full. A second later, a cute brunette woman in her mid thirties come out of restroom and smiled at me. She was wearing a baggy sweater and jeans. I went into the bathroom after her, and was amazed to see a few big droplets on the toilet seat. She must have hovered!

I'm not proud of what happened next, but I was too turned on to control myself. I got down on my knees and touched one of the drops with my finger and smelled and tasted it. Definitely piss. I immediately pursed my lips and sucked up a few droplets with a slurp. It was very strong and sweet, like she had been drinking Diet Coke and coffee. I don't think I could have had a whole glass, but just a taste was perfect. I yanked down my pants and spread my ass cheeks. Gently, I lowered onto the spot, getting my asshole nice and wet with her piss.

I was feeling disgusting, so I wanted to punish myself. Just then I realized how badly I had to piss after all that wine and water. This plane's bathrooms had little paper cups in a dispenser. So I pulled a cup out and filled it up. The sound and sight of my piss swirling and filling the cups was getting me so turned on, so I filled up another. And another. And another. Eventually I had 10 cups of piss lined up in a row on the counter.

It was was mostly clear, and I was dying to know what it tasted like. But I waited for a minute. I mentally cleared the image of filling them, and instead fantasized that the flight attendant had left them for me. I imagined her damp undies pushed aside, deliberately filling cup after cup for me. Finally, I was ready. I looked at the cups, and I saw her piss. I eagerly drank them down, one by one. They weren't strong tasting, but had a flavor of buttered popcorn.

After drinking 9 cups of piss, I remembered something in my pocket. In Europe, they serve little cookies with your espresso or cappuccino. I had saved one for later, so I pulled it out. I took the last and freshest cup of piss, and opened the cookie's package. It was long, skinny almond cookie. I dipped it and let it soak in. I took a bite. The buttery, slightly salty flavor of the piss mixed with the sweet almond cookie and tasted delicious. I soaked the rest of the cookie, and savored the flavor in my mouth.

I finally let myself touch my cock as I finished the cookie. I sipped the last cup of the piss slowly at first, but then I decided I wanted it all in my mouth. I greedily poured the cup into my mouth and held it there. I rinsed my mouth with it, like mouthwash for a while. I let the salty sweet flavor soak into every taste bud and slowly stroked myself. I just sat for a minute, enjoying the feeling of warm piss in my mouth and trying not to cum.

Finally, I let myself imagine her one more time. I pictured her firm, round ass hovering over me with her tight little pants pushed down, pissing directly into my mouth and making me drink it all. Finally I swallowed the piss in one big gulp, and as it hit my throat, I sprayed cum so hard that it hit three walls! Seeing my cum run down the walls kept me cumming and cumming and cumming as I savored the delicious aftertaste of that buttery piss.

