I Get My Answers From Sherry

3rd August 2009, 04:57 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

It was a couple weks later after the night of the severe thunderstorm when I was at my friends house and his sistor Sherry had let me watch her piss. I hadn't forgotten about it but wasn't on my mind as for I was in the school cafiteria ready to have lunch with some of my friends. I went over sat down at the table which in the group was another girl that I knew well named Barbie.

Well we all sat, talked, and ate our lunches. The subjet about the past storm that happened came up in the conversation again. For today it was forcasted we would have storms today so this reminded some of us of that past storm when I was at Sherry's house. Now Barbie brought up saying to me with a smile that I had a secret adimirer. I looked at her and aske; Who would that be? Barbie laughed more but didn't tell me.

Barbie went on and teased me about it pretty hard. I didn't get angry for I rarely did loose my temper. But Barbie knew she was having fun teasing me and I knew it too. So I let her go on with her teasing. After several long minutes I asked Barbie just give me a clue. That's all I want to know. Ok she said back to me. This person you were there with was the night of the big last storm.

Barbie never could give good clues so I knew right away who the person was. It was my friends sistor Sherry! I was finished eating right at this point and I had to leave to catch my bus. I only spent half days here at my home school and in the afternoons I spent at a vocational school. I got up said goodbye to the group and to Barbie I laughed saying; THANK YOUUUU! Barbei laughed loudly as I walked quickly away from the table.

Today was Friday and it was now late in the afternoon I was now on my way home from the vocational school riding on the bus. I sat there thinking that I could call my friends house and talk to Sherry or better yet I'll stop in person instead. After all her house I would go by heading home on the bus. I settled back in my seat relaxing with a smile on my lips and waited for the bus to get close to her house.

Twenty minutes later as the bus approached Sherrys house I got up went up to the front of the bus told the driver I wanted to get out up ahead and showed him where by telling him where to stop. He slowed right up and stopped the bus where I had directed him to stop. I thanked him and stepped out of the bus and started walking down the driveway as the bus pulled away.

Up to the front door I went. I knocked loudly on it. Then stood there and waited for someone to answer the door. I hoped that it would be Sherry. After a few minutes no one came to the door so I knocked loudly again and waited. Again no one answred so there was no one thre. Turning around I started walking up the driveway kind of dissapointed that Sherry didn't answer the door.

Now the driveway is very ong and you have to walk up a hill to get to the highway. I was about 2/3rds up the hill of the driveway when another school bus stopped at the end of the driveway and its doors opened and out stepped Sherry from the buses doors! My heart skipped a beat seeing her! She stood there just for a very short momnet and then with a big smile she said Hi to me. I said hi back to her.

Sherry took the several needed steps down the driveway to me. As she came up to me she asked me if I was here to see her brother. I told her no I wasn't I came to see you. That made her smile with a big smile. Oh you did did you! she said back to me after her big smile to me. I smiled back with a big smile big as hers and told her YES in return. She smiled with a big smile again.

Then we started walking down the driveway together side by side. As we walked slowly down the driveway together I told Sherry that someone told me that you lke me. Oh someone did THEY! she said back to me saying they loudly but again she was smiling with a big smile when she replied back to me. And who was THAT? she asked me. Now it was my time to be coy in my reply.

I'm not going to tell you I said back to Sherry and I laughed when I said it. Knowing she wasn't going to get a answere from me Sherry laughed again and smiled. By this time we were at the front door. Sherry asked me to take her books which I did and she got out her keys to unlock the door. She unlocked the door and we both went inside her house.

When we were in the livingroom Sherry asked me if I wanted a soda. I said sure and she dropped her books on the coffee table and walked back into the kitchen to retrieve the sodas from the kitchen. Sherry was wearing a whiote blouse and short blue shirt. I watched her cute ass wiggle her skirt as she walked down the hallway to the kitchen. Then I sat down on the couch to wait for her to come back with the sodas.

From the kitchen I heard the rattle of the glass bottles of soda as she gothem out from the fridge. Then she hollored out form the kitchen to turn on the stereo. So Ireached over and turned the sterio on which it was on the radio which it came right on to some good tunes. Sherry was now back with the sodas. She handed me one and then she sat down on the couch with me.

We opened the sodas sipped from them and we talked also. I talked about her secretly liking me. It took some time for Sherry to honestly tell me she did. For she was being teasing me acting like she was being shy abou it. But she did tell me she had liked me for along time. That did surprise me. For she never had shown or let out that she did. But that gave me a opening for what I was going to ask her the next questions I was going to ask!

I took another sip of soda first. Then I asked Sherry when I was there the night of the storm was she putting on a act about being scared of the thunder and lightning and it being so dark when the power went out. She took a quick sip from her soda before she answered me. Then looking right at me hard with her dark green eyes she told me she hadn't at least as far as the lightning and the power going out. She was like that even when she was a little girl.

With the way she had looked at me and the tone in her voice when she told me I knew she was telling the truth. Then I had to ask the the key question next. Looking staright back at Sherry I asked her about pissing in front of me. Was that done on purpose? I asked her? Sherry quickly answred me back. She told me it was! For two reasons too she added saying to me. One was that she was scared at the time and didn't want to be alone. The other reason was she knew about me liking seeing a girl piss! She laughed telling about me liking watching a girl piss. Someone told me about that! she went on to say.

I looked at her and I laughed and said back to her; I wonder that was the same person that told me that you liked me! Sherry laughed hard and that gave me my answer! We both laughed hard together for a long couple of minutes then Sherry and I stopped laughing and she cuddled right up gainst me on the couch.

Then she asked me help with me with my hoemwork? I smiled back and told her sure why not. So she grabbed her pile of books on the coffee table and one of her notebooks. We sat there for the next 45 minutes or so working,talking, and drank th erest of our sodas and di her homework togther. We also took very short breaks for Sherry would kiss me and I would give her a kiss back.

Then after all her homework was done Sherry set all her books and notebook back on the coffee table. Then she turned and faced me holding both of my hands in hers. She and I kissed and then she told me there was one more assighnment she had to do. Whats that? I asked her. Smiling she got up from the couch holding my hands as she got up which pulled me up from the couch with her.

She pulled me with her as she walked out of the livingroom and down the hallway. She took me right into the bathroom! I knew right then what the last assighmnet she had to do! Sherry had to piss and she was again going to have me with her gain to watch her piss! Before Sherry went over to the toilet I asked her should I get a notebook and take notes?

Sherry spun around quickly and she laughed hard. She told me none were needed. With that said I stood there watching as Sherry lifted her blue short skirt right up. This time there were no panties to pull down! Sherry had none on! She tok a quick look back making sure the toilet seat was down which it was and she sat right down on the seat.

She pulled her legs apart and slid her shoes back along the sides of the toilet at the same time. Doing this her thighs spread apart very wide and as I looke downward the small slit of her pussy opened up making it wide! Sherry told me it should be a good pee too for she hadn't gone since leaving for school since this morning. Sherry went on to say she didn't like using the bathrooms at school.

Sherry now began to piss right then. Out from her now visible peehole since she was open so wide she sent a splattering gushging stream off piss out of her pink peehole. Having not taken a piss since the morning her piss was very yellow including the splattering dros off piss that were spraying off from her pisstream were yellow also.

Sherry was looking down at herself which a lot off her yellow spraying droplet sof piss were not wettingher bur were wetting the front of the toilet seat she sld back real quick and her spraying droplets of piss stopped wetting the frontarea of the toilet seat. Now her droplets of piss and her stream splashe very noisly in the toilet.

Sherry now looked up and over at me with a smile. You like? she asked me. I smiled back knodding my head and told her I did at the same time. Also my cock inisde my jeans was getting erect very fast and it was sliding upwards under my jeans and was sideways under them. Sherry was seeing this happen for hse smiled bigger and she said to me this time making a comment about me getting a hardon! Sherry the first time didn't say a word about me being erect. But now she had!

I smiled back at her and she watched as my cock slid up inside my jeans and when it was making a upright straight up buldge in the front of my jeans and the buldge from was straight up and stopped its movement Sherry knew I was fully erect and she told me I was by saying nice buldge! I took a quick look down at the front of my jeans and I must ahve smiled looking at the buldge for Sherry let out another loud but short laugh when I did.

Then I went right back and looked over at Sherry's pissing pussy. Her stream started to ease up now. Its hard spraying had stopped and now it was hissing but only softly. Her stream was going straight down and also was narrowing quickly. It narrowed down more as far as her stream and its hissing stopped. Then it came to a stoop I should say paused. Sherry then did several very short hissing spurts and then she was done.

There was a problem next. For Sherry reached to get some paper off form the roll of toilet paper. There was none there. She said shit! Then she took a quick look aroiund the bathroom. There was no ther rolls of toilet ppaer in sight. Then she said the hell with it! She stood up letting her blue skirt down. She leaned over as she turned around and she flushed the toilet.

