Wet night with Rebecca - long and and detailed

27th December 2007, 04:46 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

As many of you know from my other postings, I am a guy who is into self wetting and enjoy getting together with my friends who are into the same. This is a recount of a evening this summer where I added to my circle of friends and as well one hell of a fun after party time with this new female friend. This is as accurate as I recall due to the large consumption of alcoholic beverages that evening.

It was a Saturday back in July in Chicago when 2 of my close friends I had met doing some theatre work were planning to get together for the evening for dinner and then some clubbing. Mandy and Robert were both into watersports but it is an on and off relationship. She and I have dated a few times but nothing serious. Mandy was a bit more like me in the public exhibitionist way and would more often be found wearing wet jeans at the nend of the night.

Of course, so was I as most anytime my jeans are on they end up wet. She is also the one typically wearing some really outrageously provacative clothing which since she is quite good looking is even more fun. Robert has dabbled in WS but I can tell he is still a bit uncomfortable and typically must be more drunk to partake. Tonight we had agreed to meet for diner at 7pm then we would head to a couple of clubs by 10 or so and then plan to come back to my apartment for some drinks. By the way, we take the EL (Chicago Subway) so no driving while impared.

I needed to stop by the liquor store which is a few blocks from my house before leaving for diner. I had already showered and put on my clean jeans, which since I knew Mandy was going to be wearing some outrageous clothing I could do similar. As you all may know I am one of the guys in the minority who like wearing ultra low rise tight jeans and tonight I had on my pair of custom made http://www.makeyourownjeans.com

Pair - dark stretch black denim, very very low rise (about 5" with 2" zip) and very tight fitting in the rear. I had put on a stretch muscle top that just covered the jeans top. Yes, some girls go 'oh gawd' but you may be surprise how many like seeing a well tanned in shape guy wearing such a outfit. Being a bit in a hurry as it was getting towards 7pm I ran down to the liquor store but had neglected to pee as I do like the feeling of fullness especially in really tight jeans. I had let a bit go already when I put them on just to break them in.

Arriving at the liquor store I headed back to the beer section as I was looking for a unusual Dutch beer that I know Mandy likes. I could not find it so I headed up to the counter to ask the sales girl. She was very cute and wearing black jeans and a somewhat gothic looking top. I told her the brand and she said they had it and it was on a lower shelf of the rack I was looking at. I walked back over and bent down looking way in the back of the shelf, at the same time realizing my ultra low rise jeans were showing my thong underwear in full view. I also realized how much I needed to pee.

As I am reaching back I feel a hand on my backside right on my now exposed thong and a voice of the sales clerk asking if I had found what I was looking for. With my head still in the shelf I said yes, to her response, could she give me a hand. Her had now traced the exposed thong outline towards the center of my butt which I ended up peeing in my jeans with the ticking feeling. As I pulled the 2 6 packs from the shelf I knealed back and saw her face as well as noticing her bra was doing little to hide her excitement. I looked down at my jeans were shinny wet with a couple of small drops on the floor.

I explained that with her had caressing my thong and needing to pee very badly I had a small accident. She replied not a problem and she said she loved my really tight low rise jeans and thong and hoped she did not put a damper on my night. No, I said as I stood up and pulled my jeans to hide my thong, that it was warm and things would be dry shortly. She took one of the 6 packs and I took the other to the counter. She began to tell me that late nights when its busy, often she can not take a break from the counter and had peed her jeans more often than not. I replied so are they wet tonight. She smiled and said yes they are now. I told her to come by Berlin

- the club I was heading to after dinner and hook up with me and some of my friends who would not mind if she had on wet jeans after a long working night. She smilled and said she would be there and gave me her name - Rebecca. No phone number but oh well.

I went back to the apartment dropping off the beer and and using the bathroom (not weting my jeans more) and headed out for dinner as my jeans were almost dry. Arriving a few minutes late my 2 friends were already there waiting at the bar having a glass of wine. Mandy as predicted was wearing a really tight halter top, very tight low skinny stretch jeans and looked fantastic. We got a table and ordered a bottle of wine and had a great dinner. I told them the story of the liquor store and I could tell Mandy was quite interested in hearing the details. She even made the statement that she has wet often when busy at work.

I was sitting next to her at dinner and let my hands wander on her jeans which I made the comment that she looked great. She said quietly in my ear that I should keep exploring her jeans to which I did. When I go to the crotch I found why. They were soaked. She had peed her jeans right there as I told my story. I whispered back to her that it felt great and warm and perhaps she should check mine out too. As her hand was on my crotch I let go some warm pee gently wetting my jeans. She responded that she really liked my jeans.

To change the subject as I could see that Robert was feeling a bit left out of this conversation, I said I had just had these made by a custom jeans shop. Many asked if that is how I was able to get them made with such a low rise and custom fitted. I said they also made girls jeans as well and if she was looking for some really outrageous ones they would do it. I told her I had talked to the manufacturer and they said they would make jeans however you want them and much of their clients are looking for either very tight form fitting or very low rise - even down to 3 inches (for the girls as no guy could wear them that low without falling out).

We finished dinner and a number of other conversations and more wine and both Mandy and I had continued to dampen our jeans. We departed to the Berlin (the club) at 10 or so as planned. I did hope that the salesgirl would take me up on my offer.

We arrived and it was just starting to fill up but she was not there. I ordered beers for Robert and Mandy and we danced a bit. About 11:15 in walks Rebecca the sales girl. She had on a really tiny tight top and a pair of jeans I would love to have - as she came closer I could see they were made by the Japanese company called Navel Rose - the ultimate in ultra low rise skintight black stretch jeans and they fit her like a goddess.

I commented on her jeans as I knew of them as I had seen their website as well as contacted them back a year ago to see about ordering a pair. She said had gotten them when she went to Japan last year visiting her ex-boyfriend. She quickly added he was definitly and ex-boyfriend. She gave me a big hug and said she was sorry that she was late but it got very busy at the store just before she left. She rushed home to change and came right to the club. I leaned over to her ear and said " so you really need to pee, yes".

She smiled and said I already did and there was probably drips on the floor, which I looked down and in the reflection of the dance lights I could she that it was true. I felt her very wet jeans, legs and all were quite soaked. She said she had held on for so long but on the EL ride she ended up wetting herself. With a pouty face and lips she asked if I was unhappy with what she had done. I smilled and said you look fantastic wet jeans and all and with that gave her a big hug. As I felt her we jeans soak through mine, I started to pee mine which she must have been able to feel the warmth as we began to deep kiss.

We got some beverages and I introduced Mandy and Robert to Rebecca and we all seemed to make quick friends. Mandy and Rebecca went to the washroom a couple of times and each time seemed to come back with smiles since it appeared they had things in common, other than a guy friend who liked to see the min wet jeans as well as his. We stayed until very late and all were feeling well with the ample beverages we had. Mandy and Robert both wanted to leave and said they were going to head home and could we make my place another time. No problem as I am sure they figured Rebecca and I were going to head to my place.

A fast change of plans when Rebecca asked me to her place. We bid Mandy and Robert goodnight and Rebecca and I headed to her place. We caught a late night EL train and while waiting at the station we both needed to pee again. We embrassed and kissed and as were bot hgrabbing each others tight wet jeans butts the warmth of fresh pee running down her and my legs became obvious, especially as it streamed on the floor. Fortunatly no one was nearby us at the station as well as this one an old station that had a slotted wood floor so it drained well. As our jeans stopped flowing we continued to kiss with passion. In 10 minutes or so the train was arriving and we got on, standing as if either of us had sat we would have soaked a seat which would not have been polite.

We got to her place and when we got in she pointed me to the kitchen and said there was champaign in the refigerator and a couple of glasses in the cabinet. I opened and poured the champaign as I heard her making some noise from the bedroom. As I opened the door I see she is putting rubber sheets on the bed and having quite the time of it. I set the glasses down and together we finished.

As she laid down in bed still wearing those fantastic looking Navel Rose jeans with the 4" rise all soaked with her pee, I poured a bit of champaign on her belly button which made her giggle. I then proceeded to lick it and then headed to the jeans tasking that salty pee soaked denim.

As I was on top of her she undid by jeans and pulled them down exposing my totally shaved region. She said for me to pee on her for which I did. The rubber sheets doing the job as we frolicked in the wetness. We rolled over and now as she is on top I pulled off her jeans which exposed the fact she was totally shaved as well. Without asking she began to pee on me adding to the wetness which now was dribbling on the floor off the rubber sheets.

We continued to kiss and she licked me and all the wet pee as we continued to drink the chapaign. I had left the bottle in the kitchen and she said for me to go get it. When I returned to the room she had retrieved a plastic box which was open and on the bed displaying many adult toys such as anal plugs beads and more. She pulled out the beads and I lubed them and began the slow process to insert those into her butt. As I inserted each one she let go more pee.

When I finished she said now its your turn and she pulled out a butt plug which she lubricated with something that made my skin quickly tingle like novicain. As I typically would find this difficult she said to relax as the lubricant also had a desensitiser which is why my skin was tingly (allthe champaign helped too). As she inserted it I could feel the pressure building on my bladder. Once it was fully in I no longer could hold my pee and with force I rolled over and toally soaked her breasts and all. She grabbed my cock and pointed it all over her. We then continued with making love until we were totally spent and weak.

Shortly after we both passed out. I awoke late in the morning to the sun streaming in as she was just awaking too. I realized with both still had our toys inserted and had slept in the totally soaked rubber sheets. My jeans as well as hers were totally still soaked lying on the floor. We hung them on the outside railing to dry a bit as I needed to wear mine home. We showered and shaved together and made love in the shower untill the water ran cold but we did not mind. She made breakfast as we spent the morning without clothes waiting for them to dry. I left later that afternoon wearing my still very wet jeans with plans to see her that night which still contined for th erest of the summer on a on and off again basis.

She was planning to visit me this fall when I was in Florida but things came up. Perhaps another wet guy. Oh well - good while it lasted. We do still talk and I know she has taken her wetting to much more public scenes since our encounters. Since then I still have stayed wet, unfortunatly still looking for a new wet girlfriend. So many girls, so few into watersports. Mandy and I still get together often but this is more long term friends who have wet jeans in common. Since then I have invested in the rubber sheets and have now a collection of toys.

