Short Script: Pee Panic at the Amusement Park

23rd November 2008, 10:05 PM

Author: gg111

Location: earth (Sex: Male) Posts: 82

Hi folks. I figured I would combine my interests in watersports and movies by writing a short script that deals with the subject. Let me know what you think!

PS. I wrote it in the proper script format, but unfortunatly I couldn't get it to post that way here. Oh well!

###

EXT. AMUSEMENT PARK - DAY

MARIA, a cute Italian girl with curves in all the right places, takes tickets from customers at the ENTRANCE GATE. The goofy red shirt and khaki pants that all the employees wear does little to hide her hotness.

MARIA

Hey Joey!

JOEY, a cool dude in his 30s, appears by her side.

JOEY

What's up, Maria?

MARIA

I need a break.

JOEY

Janet'll be here soon.

MARIA

C'mon, dude, I have to piss ike a racehorse.

A LADY with a YOUNG SON gives her a dirty look as she hands over her ticket.

MARIA

(to lady)

A female racehorse.

(to Joey)

God, what's she thinking?

JOEY

That bad, huh?

MARIA

Let's just say if the water slide breaks down again I could literally

JOEY

Alright! I get it! Go. I'll cover you.

MARIA

Thanks. I'll be back in, like, one minute.

(hand at her kidney)

Maybe two minutes.

EXT. FERRIS WHEEL - DAY

JEN, a blond bombshell, and STEVE, a yuppie, are at the front of the LINE.

STEVE

Are you sure you'll be ok?

JEN

Yeah, we've already waited in line this long. I'll just go when we get off.

I can hold it.

STEVE

Unless it breaks down when we're on it and we're stuck there for 3 hours.

He chuckles. She doesn't.

JEN

Why would you say that?

STEVE

Oh, Jen, its not like that's gonna happen just because I said it.

JEN

If you jinx it

STEVE

Then I'll officially be a douchebag and you don't have to talk to me ever again.

INT. PARK RESTROOM - DAY

Maria is at the end of the line for the stalls. There are 5 CHICKS in front of her, all stuffed into little bikinis.

One of the girls, wearing a YELLOW BIKINI, crosses and uncrosses her legs.

YELLOW BIKINI

Shit, I haven't had to pee so bad in my life.

Maria reflects

INT. PUB RESTROOM - NIGHT

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA is in line with a bunch of other chatty, DRUNKEN GIRLS. They are all wearing green plastic St Patty's Day hats, green beads, etc. U2's «Sunday, Bloody Sunday» BLEEDS though the walls.

She is next in line for the stall.

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA

Hurry up I really gotta pee!

A WASTED CHICK bounces behind her, holding her crotch from inside her jeans.

WASTED CHICK

You gots to pee? Well I gots to take a wicked piss! Piss like a racey-horse.

She stall opens and DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA jumps INSIDE.

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA

Gotta pee, gotta pee.

She faces her butt to the toilet.

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA

Gotta pee, gotta pee.

She fumbles with the BUTTON on her jeans.

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA

Gotta pee, gotta pee!

She does the pee tap-dance.

She looks down.

DRUNKEN COLLEGE MARIA

Uh oh

Her face goes back and forth between guilt and relief.

WASTED CHICK (O.S.)

Here it comes!

OTHER GIRLS (O.S.)

Eew! Gross!

WASTED CHICK (O.S.)

Oh yeah! Oh, Jesus, Mary, that feels so good! Sink is the new toilet!

INT. PARK RESTROOM - DAY

Maria comes to.

A stall opens and all 5 girls in front of her cram into it.

MARIA

They better all be pissing.

GIRL (O.S.)

Maria, are you in there?

MARIA

What do you think?

JANET, A hot female employee with fiery red hair runs up to Maria.

JANET

They need you right now.

MARIA

I'll be right there, I just need this piss break before

I explode.

JANET

You don't understand. The ferris wheel broke down again.

MARIA

That's great, call maintenance.

JANET

Pete's been working on it for

10 minutes, but since you fixed it last time he was hoping

MARIA

That I could save his ass again.

She pulls up the sides of her thong underwear from her khakis.

MARIA

Fine. Let's go.

JANET

You go ahead, I really have to pee.

MARIA

You bitch.

EXT. FERRIS WHEEL - DAY

Jen and Steve are stuck in the

GONDOLA AT THE VERY TOP.

She faces away from him, arms and legs folded. Steve repeatedly makes like he is about to speak, but nothing comes out. He awkwardly places a hand on her knee.

JEN

Don't fucking touch me.

He retracts like he touched a hot stove.

JEN

If I end up wetting myself here that will be the last time you ever touch me.

STEVE

You couldgo in here.

(off look)

I'll turn the other way. I won't look.

JEN

Not an option.

Maria arrives at the

BASE OF THE FERRIS WHEEL.

PETE, a swarthy guy in his 20s, looks over the GUTTED CONTROL PANEL.

MARIA

What did you do this time?

PETE

It was like this when I got here.

(looks at her)

Sorry if I interrupted you.

MARIA

Whatever. Just get me an

Allen wrench and a bucket.

PETE

What?

MARIA

An Allen wrench so I can fix the Ferris wheel and I bucket

So I empty my gigantic piss-filled bladder.

He pulls an Allen wrench from his toolbelt.

PETE

Here's the wrench.

(points to himself)

And here's the bucket.

MARIA

Pervert.

GONDOLA AT THE VERY TOP

Jen fidgets like crazy.

STEVE

Jen?

JEN

God, I haven't had to pee this bad since the time you got us lost in Cape Cod!

STEVE

The highway got all weird.

JEN

There's only one highway in Cape Cod! How do you get lost when there's only one highway?

STEVE

Well, you're the one who wanted to see P-town so bad.

JEN

Uhhh! Don't say P-town!

STEVE

Sorry!

Jen half-stands and unbuttons her shorts.

STEVE

I thought going in here wasn't an option?

JEN

I'm not going in here!

BASE OF THE FERRIS WHEEL.

Maria is working under the control panel with her legs crossed. Pete, crouched by her, looks up.

PETE

I don't think the visitors approve of your workmanship.

MARIA

How do you figure?

PETE

(still looking up)

We're being mooned.

Maria leans up from under the control panel and looks up.

MARIA

She has a nice ass. I wish

I had an ass like that.

PETE

(looks at Maria)

You mean you don't?

She gets back under the control panel.

MARIA (O.S.)

Wouldn't you like to find out.

Pete looks up again. What an ass.

MARIA (O.S.)

Ok, I'm almost done.

PETE

(face drops)

And she's just starting, watch out!

In an instant, he throws himself over the control panel and Maria, shielding them from the shower of piss that comes raining down from above.

MARIA (O.S.)

What's going on?

PETE

You don't want to know.

Is it fixed yet?

CLICK. BUZZ.

The Ferris Wheels starts to move again. The shower of piss falls away from Pete. The back of his t-shirt is soaked, as is his hair.

Maria gets up from the control panel.

MARIA

There.

(hands back wrench)

What the hell happened to you?

Pete points to the gondola with Jen's ass hanging over, still pissing away even as it makes its way to the base.

MARIA

You sacrificed yourself to save me and the Ferris wheel? Someone get this guy a medal!

The gondola arrives at the base and stops.

The shocked crowd of people in line stare at a sheepish Steve and Jen's ass, still pissing like a firehose.

STEVE

We're here.

JEN (O.S.)

I've never been so humiliated in my entire life.

STEVE

Its ok, they can't see your face. C'mon, stop it. We have to get out now.

JEN (O.S.)

I'm not finished!

STEVE

Well, can you hold the rest till we get out?

(takes off shirt)

I'll cover your head.

JEN (O.S.)

Fine! Lemme try.

She grunts. The stream wavers and shuts off.

STEVE

Ok, lets get those shorts

Piss erupts from her pussy with a vengeance.

The crowd GASPS in wonder.

Pete and Maria look on.

MARIA

Oh fuck!

PETE

Yeah, that's gotta be embarrassing.

MARIA

No, I have to piss twice as bad as that!

PETE

Then go to the bathroom.

You can go now.

She grabs her crotch with both hands.

MARIA

No, I won't make it!

She looks around, frantic. She spots a UTILITY SHED about 50 feet away.

MARIA

Behind the shed! Come with me!

PETE

What?!

MARIA

No time to explain! I need your help!

PETE

My shirt is soaked.

MARIA

And so will my pants be

If you don't help me,

Now come on!

They run BEHIND THE SHED, her hands still holding onto her crotch.

MARIA

Pull down my pants and underwear.

Pete stretches out his arms and gazes up to the heavens.

PETE

Thank you, God

She kicks him in the balls and he falls to his knees in front of her.

MARIA

Now listen, if I let go of my pussy for even a second I'll piss myself. Now be a man and strip me to my bare ass!

Pete coughs in pain.

PETE

(chokes out)

Yes, mam.

He fumbles with the button on her jeans.

MARIA

Hurry up! Its gonna come out!

PETE

Why are girls' clothes so damn complicated?

MARIA

Welcome to my world!

PETE

Got it!

MARIA

Pull them down!

He yanks down on her khakis but they won't budge.

PETE

I can't get a good grip!

MARIA

Get behind me!

He gets behind her.

MARIA

Hurry!

He manages to shimmy her pants down over her hips and just under her ass.

She has the nicest ass in the world.

MARIA

The thong!

PETE

Yeah, it looks great on you!

MARIA

No! Pull the thong down so

I can piss!

He looks up and silently thanks God.

MARIA

Oh no! There's no time!

Here it comes!

He suddenly knows what to do. He reaches between her legs, grabs the fabric over her crotch, and snaps it aside, exposing her trembling pussy. The fabric stays in place, held aside by her lips.

PETE

You're clear!

Maria GASPS and bends over, jutting her ass out into the air and expelling the thickest, fastest, hardest stream of piss ever. It shoots straight out in a wide ribbon and splatters against the wall of the shed. Pete takes more piss-shrapnel.

PETE

Phew! That was close!

Feeling any better?

Maria continues to MOAN and GASP, speechless. She keeps pissing like a race horse.

He stands up and out of the way, takes off his shirt and wrings it out.

PETE

Look, I should get back to work. They are probably wondering where I am.

Maria is still pissing at full throttle. She shudders.

MARIA

Can you keep a secret?

(off look)

This feels so good I think I just came!

PETE

(takes a seat)

Maybe I'll stay.

She is still pissing like a broken faucet.

MARIA

Thank you so much for helping me! I don't know how to repay you.

PETE

The pleasure is all mine, trust me.

(grabs his watch)

Can I time you?

MARIA

Kinky.

Pete times her for the next 2 minutes as she pisses like crazy against the shed wall.

The stream slows down and she lets out little spurts.

PETE

Hey Maria?

MARIA

Yes?

PETE



Can I take you out after work? Like, for a couple of drinks?

She squeezes out one, last, triumphant, spurt.

MARIA

Fuck yeah!

FADE OUT.

THE END.

