March Reality Pee Party

26th March 2010, 01:48 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

On Saturday March 20th, Josh and I attended another pee party. For those of you who don't know us, I'm Emily, my husband is Josh, we have been married for over a year and a half. I'm an RN, Josh works in construction. OH yeah, were also nudists (eagerly waiting for summer I might add).

We refer to these as "reality" parties because they aren't quite as interesting as some fictional posts on here. Please don't get the wrong idea - there is nothing wrong with fiction. Josh and I both enjoy reading the erotic stories and posts. These accounts we post however are real and as such may be a bit boring. Anyhow, heres the report of our March gettogether:

This months party was at the home of a couple in their early 40's. They made sure their three offspring were safe with friends for the Saturday night. Including Josh and me, six couples in all attended. We all arrived close to 6:00PM and after a round of non-alcoholic drinks split up into two groups and headed out to a nice suburban resteraunt for a relaxing dinner where we pestered the waitress for constant refills on our beverages and drinking water.

When we returned about 8:30 two women (yes, I was one of the two) could hardly wait to go. To nobodys surprise Marylin volunteered to be the first receipant. For those of you reading one of my posts for the first time: Marylin is the one who enjoys being peed on while fully dressed, and she then enjoys wearing her soaked clothing all evening. Anyway we all headed for the host couples basement which was set up a for watersports party. While Marylin layed down on the floor, the other wife removed her Jeans and panties. I got 100% naked. Both of us soaked her, and I mean soaked her. One of the husbands joined in soaking her hair and face.

After we were done, Marylin got up and Josh got naked and on the floor where he got soaked buy four women including Marylin. The other husbands soon chimed in, chosing one of the wives at random to be the receipant. After drying off, several couples put robes on, Marylin chose to remain in her soaked clothing, Josh and I of course stayed in out birthday suits.

More liquid refreshments were offered and a pee video was projected on a wall with a DVD projector. In this video a woman was deepthroating and supposedly swallowing pee from her partner. This is the video which promped my post the other day where after briefly describing the video I asked if it was even possible. I had a couple of replies, some thought it was possible and some like me had a problem believing it. I know some guys can pee while erect, but depthroating while a guy pees down your throat - I'm sceptical. Maybe the fact I can't deepthroat has something to do with it. Anyhow, the vid was great entertainment and cause for a lively debate. And, No, we did not try to duplicate this event.

The party continued for a couple of hours with peeing interspersed with conversation about politics, jobs, work, NASCAR, etc. We had snacks about midnight followed by one last "session" in the form of a group pee where the goal was to try and keep at least one person to keep a flow going as long as possible. As usual with all the laughter someone broke the flow before a full minute. Everyone did have the opportunity to completely empty their bladders however.

About 1:00 AM everyone slipped into sweats (except Marylin) and headed home. After we got home Josh and I spent almost an hour in the shower cleaning up, and as you might guess peeing. And yes, we had sex in the shower.

Emily and Josh.

