Bedwetting: What's happening?

4th November 2013, 09:28 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

I've had a couple of interesting, unusual for me, and unwelcome bedwetting experiences in the last couple of months that have me perplexed. For as long as I can remember I have frequently had dreams where, at some point in the dream, I take a piss. And, for as long as I can remember, I always wake up dry, often needing to use the bathroom.

A couple of months ago, however, I had such a dream and woke up wet, and it happened again very early this morning. As the two incidents are similar, and the latter is fresh on my mind, I will go into the details of it.

I was dreaming that I was in a bathroom, and started to pee in my dream. I then woke up, which is not uncommon, and immediately got up to go to the bathroom. As I was walking to the bathroom it came to me why I got up so quickly: I had felt my piss trickling out. Upon reaching the bathroom I confirmed my suspicions, as I had a large wet spot in my underwear. Now if I had been alone in bed, and had a waterproof mattress cover, I would have been more than happy to piss the bed, and then masturbate while enjoying the wetness. However, the mattress isn't protected, and I share a bed with my wife, who doesn't really know of and definitely doesn't share my fetish. Moreover, she wouldn't be very sympathetic of a guy in his mid-forties wetting a bed, and would definitely have been pissed off at having to get up so that I could change the sheets. While I was standing at the toilet finishing my piss I wasn't at all thrilled about the repercussions of my accident.

My wife woke up as I was in the bathroom pissing, and got up to take a piss of her own. As she was in the bathroom I felt along my side of the bed, checking to see if there was a wet spot. Fortunately the sheets were dry (as they had been after my first accident), as I must have just started to pee before waking up. Now the first time this happened my wife stayed asleep, and it was close enough to the time that I usually wake up that I just turned off the alarm clock and showered. This time it was too early, my wife was awake, and she would have questioned me if I changed clothes or showered. I decided to go back to bed, laid down on my left side (which was dry), and went back to sleep in my wet underwear and shorts. When my alarm went off I got up, placed my wet underwear and shorts on the bottom of the laundry (I usually do laundry so this shouldn't be a problem), and took my shower, relieved that my accident wasn't discovered.

Relieved but still worried. I have no idea why, after decades without having an accident, I've two in the last few months. I hope that this stops, otherwise I will eventually get caught.

