My Weekend with Megan

24th April 2013, 12:56 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

As you all know, Megan and I were set for a fun filled weekend of camping and fishing. Friday afternoon as soon as I came home from a short day at work, I began cleaning up the house a bit for her arrival as well as packing our necessities for our fun filled camping trip. I loaded my luggage into the bed of my pickup just before Megan was set to arrive.

By now it was 3:30 PM and Megan should be arriving at any moment, so I backed my truck from the garage so we could waste no time getting to camp and setting up. By then, Megan had pulled in my driveway and I directed her to park in the garage to store her car for safe keeping while we were away. She did just that. As I walked toward the garage both of her car doors came open. "What the hell?" I wondered. "Who could be with Megan?" After all, this was supposed to be our weekend to catch up. I was slightly disappointed that Megan had recruited someone to join us which in turn would greatly hinder my version of a "fun weekend."

As I further approached the car, Megan was already out and walking towards the trunk in which she had already popped to begin retrieving her goods. I greeted Megan and we shared a hug together but, my attention was still focused on the open passenger door. The door opened a bit further and out stepped another girl. She was what I would consider short, probably 5'2 or 5'3, had long brunette hair which was perfectly straight, she had a dark tan and had a very athletic figure. Her chest was rather flat, probably a B cup at best but, her ass was phenomenal. Her ass and thighs were ridiculously thick compared to her tiny waist. I somehow got the impression that I'd seen this girl before. Megan confirmed my suspicions.

"I really hope you don't mind that I decided to bring Skylar along for our adventurous weekend" She commented.

"No. That's fine. The more the merrier is what they say, isn't it?" I said after a brief pause.

I greeted Skylar and asked her how things were since we last spoke. It had probably been a good three years since our last meeting when Megan first introduced her to me. She hadn't changed much besides she looked a bit more mature and she had gained even more of an athletic looking build. She had some pretty large arms for a girl and they had solid muscle definition just like the rest of her body.

"We better get this stuff into my truck so we can have camp set up before dark." I warned.

"Yeah. That damn truck." Megan sighed.

"Don't start." I laughed.

We were actually going camping this time around. None of this campground stuff where there's paved roads to take you there. We were headed to "high bridge." A very old road once snaked it's way through the Appalachian Mountains to take you there. That's long gone and replaced with interstate highway and the ancient road tore up and replaced with forest. Only thing left is the 100 year old bridge, still in surprisingly good shape, that spans the river and leads to nowhere but the other side. The three miles of rough trails would really give my lifted Chevy a workout but, I knew it could make it there. On the plus side, since the trails were so rough it means that very seldom does anyone else go there. That meant at least the fishing would be great.

We loaded all the remaining stuff into the pickup bed and contemplated whether we were missing anything.

"Oh shoot. We gotta get the beer!" I exclaimed.

"Yeah. That's the best part! We can't forget it." Skylar added.

I retrieved the ice cooler and the beer and placed it into the bed of the truck as well. While two thirty packs was a bit overkill for just Megan and I, with Skylar added to the equation, I wondered now if we'd have enough. I knew how much Megan can manage to down and let me say, she's quite an impressive drinker when she decides to drink. As long as Skylar wasn't as capable as Megan, we'd be set. I then locked everything up and corralled Megan and Skylar into the truck.

"Your sitting in the middle." Megan said to Skylar.

"Fine by me" was Skylar's response.

Being that my truck was a classic, '71 model, it was well before Chevrolet ever built a crew cab or extended cab model. While some people would be driven insane not having the added seating capacity, it always worked out fine for me. It's not a daily driver anyways. Skylar straddled the shifter in the center of the truck as I started the truck and began to back out of the driveway. We hit the highway and wasn't looking back. Skylar was slumped in the seat which meant my hand hit her crotch accidentally whenever I'd shift to 2nd or 4th gear. It was a bit awkward for me but, she had plenty of room to move to avoid this problem. She didn't so apparently she was unfazed by it.

We continued our journey chatting and laughing and carrying on like the young adults we are. Nearly 45 minutes into our journey and we had already hit the trails that would lead us to our getaway. It took us 40 minutes from there to navigate the three miles of rough terrain to finally make it to our spot. It was now almost 6 PM which meant we had just over two hours to do what we needed. Immediately, we focused on the task at hand. I had firewood stacked from my last visit to the site before winter, so luckily we were good there as it was dry enough to burn.

"Skylar, would you care to gather some kindling wood to get a fire started with while we get the tent set up?" Megan asked.

"Yeah. That's the easy job." Skylar responded.

Skylar set off and I knew Megan had something she wanted to talk about. She wasted no time getting to the point as Skylar disappeared into the woods. Megan immediately asked if I were upset by the fact that she had recruited Skylar to join us on our trip. Of course I said that I was unfazed by having an extra person join us. Megan then went on to explain the situation which left me a bit shocked.

"You know that Skylar has a bit of a thing for you right?" She questioned.

"No. I had no idea. This is only the second time I've ever talked to her. Other than the fact that after I had first met her she added me on Facebook. It's not like I'm interested in her though, anyways. I'm only interested in you, Meg." I serenaded her with.

"Well, I have to confess something to you then." She said in a guilty fashion.

"Go ahead, I'm listening." I obliged her.

"Well, Skylar and I sorta have a thing. After you've turned me onto pee, I've wondered what it'd be like to share the fetish with another girl. Skylar and I've been sharing the experience together. I feel guilty for telling you this knowing that you care so much for me and all. The real reason I brought Skylar is she wanted to share the fetish with a boy. You're the only one I know that she can share it with." She answered.

"So basically you want me to have sex with Skylar because you feel guilty? Well, we're not even in an official relationship. You're free to do as you please but, I really don't think I can get sexual with your friend even if you do want me to." I replied.

"Would a threesome change your mind? I'd be receiving just as much pleasure as you." She tried justifying it with.

"In that case, why not." I said.

With that, we finished putting up the tent and before long, Skylar returned with the goods to build the fire with. I wasted no time getting the fire started while the girls packed the sleeping bags to the tent. We all downed a few beers from the cooler during this time. I wasn't sure about the girls but, my urge to piss was growing exponentially. It was around 7:30 and the sun was beginning to set. The only thing that separated me and relief was how I was going to break it to the girls. I had no idea so I recruited Megan to break the ice.

"I really need to pee. What do I do?" I whispered in Megan's ear.

"Hold on. I'll be the one to announce my urgency and recruit you to join me." was Megan's response.

Megan waited a few minutes until we were all nestled around the fire before announcing "I really need to go pee. Would anyone care to accompany me?"

I wasted no time declaring a quick "Sure" before Skylar could reply. This meant Skylar had complete control of the situation and if she wasn't interested in sharing the fetish, she certainly could opt out of it. That wasn't the case as she responded with a quick "I'm coming too" right after my response. I could honestly say that for the first time ever, I was nervous about how to go about this. I had no idea what I was in for.

Having no idea what the heck I was doing, I led the girls behind the tent to a plush, grassy meadow. Everyone was silent but had that giddy appearance. I knew I was going to be the one to lead things off, so I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock free. I wasn't going to be the one to ask the others if they'd like to be peed on so I just began with a very slow trickle and figured if Megan was as enthusiastic about it as she seemed, she'd lead the charge. I immediately felt an arm coming around my right side and a hand grasp my cock. It was Skylar! This girl wasn't shy, that's for sure! At the same time, Megan knelt down in front of me and Skylar directed my growing stream onto Megan's rather large tits.

Megan let out a slight moan while her white cut off T-shirt became stained with the yellow tinge of my piss. Skylar meanwhile swayed my cock back and forth to thoroughly yet Megan's tits. The fact that my cock was being handled by such a fine girl meant it was slowly beginning to grow stiff. Skylar's breathing began to grow heavy as she became more and more turned on. With Megan's white T-shirt now soaked and semi transparent revealing her red bra in underneath, I cut off my stream. Megan stood up, her dark colored jeans also had received quite a bit of piss. Skylar and Megan then switched places.

As Skylar got on her knees, I immediately released my stream once again. This time I wasn't worried about conserving my piss, so I let it flow freely. Immediately Skylar's skin tight black halter top grew wet. It was a plush satin like material which meant it showed the wetness quite well. Skylar let out a moan before moving closer. She opened her mouth and allowed Megan to direct the still powerful stream into it. She left her mouth totally fill, run over a bit, and then swallowed. After this, she took my cock into her mouth while I was still pissing and started to give me a blowjob. The piss was expelled from her mouth and covered my balls, thighs, and went all over my jeans in the process. The pleasure was so intense that I almost had to push her away but, I didn't. Finally my stream came to an abrupt stop and we all switched positions.

I left my now rigid cock out and pulled my jeans and briefs down past my knees. I laid down and waited to find out just what these two had in store for me.

"I call his mouth!" Exclaimed Skylar.

Skylar wasted no time wiggling out of her skimpy jean shorts. She then removed her pair of black panties and flicked them from the end of her foot to the side. Meanwhile, Megan was stripping from her dark jeans at my feet. She to kicked her red thong off to the side where Skylar's panties laid. I now had an extremely hot girl with a totally shaved pussy and absolutely magnificent ass standing above my head and Megan with her trimmed pussy featuring a thin "landing strip" standing above my cock. I had no clue who to focus my attention on.

"Ready?" Megan asked Skylar.

"Hell yes! I'm dying for a piss." Skylar exclaimed.

Both girls squatted together. Megan went straight for my dick and Skylar positioned herself over my mouth. While they were at it, Megan and Skylar grabbed each other's hands and clung to them over top of my chest. Megan established her stream first over top of my stiff cock, spraying it with her hot stream. Skylar immediately followed letting a laser like, thin diameter, high pressure stream blast my open mouth. I was in absolute heaven. Not only was this my first time drinking from a girl, but it was also my first time actually having "pee sex." Skylar's piss was surprisingly sweet, salty, with a bit of a sourness to it. It actually tasted better than the Bud Light I had been sipping on! Both girls continued from their respective positions for a few more seconds.

Megan was the first to make a change and she lowered herself and placed my cock into her still pissing pussy. It made a loud hissing, gurgling type sound as she did it, yet she still managed to keep a strong stream going. I had no clue it was even possible for a girl to piss while have a large, thick, 10" cock stuffed in her pussy. Skylar, not to be outdone lowered herself even lower and allowed me to place my mouth over her pussy. I cupped my lips around her pussy as tight as possible until my mouth had filled and the pressurized piss parted my lips from Skylar's pussy enough to allow it to spray violently n all directions. Skylar's piss pressurized my mouth so much that as it blew past my lips, it actually sprayed Megan's face.

"Damn girl!" Megan gasped.

Skylar was enjoying her pleasure to much to respond. Her stream was now dying down so I took the time to swallow and then begin to eat her pussy. Megan was still going although her stream was to dying. She just took this opportunity to bounce up and down even harder against my cock. All three of us was experiencing immense pleasure as we moaned and occasionally let a curse word slip to describe what we were feeling. Both girls were now done pissing and Megan and Skylar switched places. Megan positioned herself over my mouth to receive her pleasure as Skylar directed my cock into her pussy.

Skylar's pussy was an "innie." Her inner labia was completely hidden by the outer. She lowered herself onto my cock but struggled a bit as her pussy was so tight. I'd never say anything to Megan but, Skylar's pussy was so much tighter, wetter, and just felt better. As Skylar began her motion, her pussy was so wet that it slurped each time she went down. This was so much better as I could better please Megan as I knew exactly how she liked her pussy to be eaten. Skylar meanwhile had no problems pleasing herself and I with my dick. We went on for a few minutes and I was trying my hardest to make Megan orgasm first so she could lead the way for Skylar. I prodded flicked, and thrust my tongue against her clit and into her pussy until finally I felt her quiver and she let out a few muffled yelps of pleasure before quickly pulling away from my mouth. It couldn't have been sooner because I was seriously about to cum before getting Skylar off.

"Slow down a bit, please!" I pleaded with Skylar.

"Is my pussy too good for ya?" She teased.

"Come on, cut me some slack! I'm pleasing two girls here." I said back to her trying to regain composure.

Skylar slowed her pace a bit and allowed me to catch back up with her. I couldn't allow myself to cum without getting her off first. With my new found stamina, I again allowed her to speed back up. Up and down, her pussy slurping away as she worked my shaft. It was another few minutes until she finally got off. Her body trembled, eyes rolled back, and she totally lost her breath. A few shrieks of pleasure and finally I could allow myself to cum. Skylar couldn't move off of my cock so her pulsating pussy was still squeezing and contracting against it which lead to me letting out a moan and squirting my cum inside of her pussy. We both were unable to move, so my cock slowly started going flaccid while still in her pussy. It took us awhile until we got around to cleaning ourselves up and changing clothes.

We finished the night around the campfire talking about how much pleasure we had just experienced while we cracked open a few beers to boot. We headed to bed a bit early as we knew the morning was going to bring more fun with it.

*The Next Day*

The next morning I awoke with an immediate urge to pee. We all three had drank 4 beers a piece the night before and neither one of us had peed since our pee sex adventure. It was 8 AM, so the sun was up, although it was still quite chilly at 45 degrees Fahrenheit. I awoke Megan who said that she was desperate for a piss before I even had a chance to tell her that that's the same reason I awoke her. Since we were going to go together, she insisted on waking Skylar. When Megan touched Skylar, Skylar immediately responded with "I'm already up and yes my bladder is about to burst too. The only reason I'm not actually up yet is I feel as if I'm going to piss myself if I stand."

Thanks to having a heater in our tent, we all slept without much clothing. Megan had on black lingerie that consisted of a pair of lacy french knickers, a skimpy lace bra, and a see through black negligee. Skylar was dressed in the same exact garb, except hers were pink. As for me, well a pair of black boxer briefs was it. We all knew we had no time to get dressed but that didn't mean that I wanted to just pee outside the tent. I suggested to the girls that we take the short hike up to the bridge to pee off of it and into the river to see who could arch their stream out the farthest. The responses weren't met with a whole lot of enthusiasm.

"You mean to tell me that you want me to hike in lingerie through the woods in 45 degree weather with a full bladder?" Megan quipped.

"I'll be lucky to make it outside of the tent!" Skylar gasped.

"Come on. Just because you're equipped with pussies doesn't mean you have to be one too!" I said, edging them on.

"Pussy? You're calling me a pussy? Well, we'll see who's a pussy once you lose this challenge!" Megan answered with.

"Well, I'm not growing any less desperate, so let's hurry up!" Exclaimed Skylar.

All three of us exited the tent and received a blast of the cold mountain air. If we thought we were desperate before, the cold air pushed us to extremes. We all took a moment to bitch to ourselves as we started our hike up to the bridge. We danced and held our crotches as we made our way through the woods. Had someone came along it would have been interesting to see the look on their faces as they laid eyes on three almost naked, extremely desperate individuals. What was probably only a three minute hike was turned into an eternity by the cold air and our desperation.

We finally made it to the bridge and we all took of running on the old wooden deck to the center of the bridge where the river was directly below. None of us were in a position to pee individually, so we all picked a spot. I stood in the center and Megan and Skylar flanked me about 4 foot away on both sides. I was unsure how the girls were going to piss but I was certainly going to use my advantage of being able to go standing. Skylar and Megan both removed their knickers and got into their positions which was squatting, leaning back resting on their left forearm, and spreading their pussy lips with their right hand. Megan was the first to let loose.

"Oh fuck that feels good." She sighed.

Her stream was extremely thick and was a gusher. She managed to force it out about 9 feet in front of her into the river below. She was pissing out such a large volume that it could be plainly heard slapping against the running river below. I found it quite impressive that it could be heard from 40 ft. above over the sounds of the running river and the early morning singing song birds. On top of that, her pussy hissed louder than any pissing pussy I've ever heard, be it in real life or the internet. Her stream was a crisp golden color and steam rolled off of it as it arched out into mid-air.

Skylar was the next one to let loose with a great sigh of relief right after Megan had established her gusher. She had a much crisper, laser like stream. Hardly any droplets broke away as her stream was so tight. I was amazed at such a sight. It too had a great amount of pressure although not near the volume that Megan was pushing with her piss. As a result, Skylar's tighter stream managed about 4-5 extra feet over Megan's which put her at an astounding 13-14 feet out into the water. Her piss was much more clear than Megan's. Skylar's piss hardly put off any steam as I'm sure it had to do with her tighter stream. That said, Skylar was beating Megan in distance. As far as eroticism and appeal though, Megan's thick, high volume, crisp golden gusher did it for me!

Megan was left unfazed by the fact that Skylar was winning, although Skylar made sure to rub it in.

"I'm beating you, Megan!" She joyfully exclaimed.

"So what! Mine's louder, harder, steamier, and it actually looks like piss. Yours looks like water!" Megan said a bit unnerved.

As those two continued to battle it out, I pulled my cock free and established a stream of my own. Now there were three solid streams flowing into the river below. If only a couple of white water rafters would come floating by at this moment! That wasn't in the cards this time though. I arched my stream and forced to the best of my ability. My stream was tighter than Megan's but not near as tight as Skylar's. Megan had me beat in terms of her stream's volume as per usual and my stream had more volume than Skylar's. I only managed to pull even with Megan at about 9 feet out. Skylar was still surpassing us maintaining her distance.

Not wanting to be outdone, I had a trick of my own. I squeezed the very tip of my penis to restrict the size of my urethra. I learnt that this creates a tighter stream with an even higher pressure allowing for some unbelievable distance. My new stream, albeit a very small, thin one flew right past Skylar's. I had to have been managing a solid 17-18 feet in distance. Both girls looked in disbelief. I continued peeing like this for awhile before I once again just had to get relief, so I reverted back to my normal high volume stream.

By now, Skylar's stream was losing distance and Megan's pee had slowed exponentially however, they both soldiered on. Megan managed a small stream that extended out about 3 feet and fell straight to the water below for about 30 seconds. Skylar was now resorting to allowing her pussy to spurt her piss out. She managed about 6 four to five second bursts over a period of about 40 seconds. My stream was to ending in a fashion much like Megan's. A low powered stream that didn't want to quit. Skylar's high powered spurts I found amazingly sexy and I couldn't help but tell her.

"Skylar, your spurting has my cock growing hard. It's too sexy!" I told her.

"I know. I always let my remaining pee go in spurts!" She smiled.

We were all finally done. None of us were even complaining about the cold anymore now that we had enjoyed such sweet relief. The girls put their knickers back on and we headed back to camp to begin our fun day of fishing. We again enjoyed a few more pees throughout the day on the riverbank but, we all went at separate times and allowed the others to watch. The next good time wasn't until Sunday.

*Our Final Day Together - Sunday*

Our final day together had arrived. It was Sunday. Today was different though as we decided to pack up and head back to my place instead of staying in the wilderness. This decision came on the heels of me learning that Skylar had never been on a boat before. I was amazed by this fact and demanded that we go fishing off the boat on the lake instead of in the river. Megan and Skylar were both delighted by this proposition.

We loaded up my truck with our necessities. Our lunch, water, and beer. I hitched up the bass boat and we hit the road. The lake is only about 20 minutes away, so we arrived in no time. As I expected, the lake was already packed with other fisherman. I wasted no time backing my truck down the boat launch and getting the boat into the water. I left Megan move my truck from the boat ramp as I made my way to the dock with the boat where they could then board.

After the girls boarded, we set off to my favorite fishing hole at the far corner of the nearly 4.5 square mile lake. It took us nearly a half an hour to get there but, it was only 11 AM, so we still had all day. Skylar cracked open a beer as we arrived at the hole. Megan soon followed suit. I stuck to water as I was operating the boat.

"A bit early for beer, isn't it?" I teased the girls.

"There's no such thing as too early for beer!" Skylar laughed.

We casted our lines out into the water and played the waiting game. We each got a few bites while sitting there but apparently all the boat traffic had the fish a bit spooked as normally I reel one in just seconds after casting out. I was a bit perplexed, so I decided we'd move to a more secluded spot after we ate our lunch. After eating, we were again on the move as I had planned. It took us another 30 minutes or so to get to the next spot. There were still a few boats around but overall it was much quieter. Skylar was the first to cast out and she was reeling one in just seconds after. We were all having a blast and the time and beer was slipping by quick for the girls. It was now almost 3 PM.

Skylar asked the question that every new female boater has to ask.

"Guys, where do I go to pee?"

"Over the side!" Megan exclaimed.

"What?" Skylar asked shockingly.

"Just pee off the side of the boat! I gotta go too, so I'll show you how. I always have him hold me so I don't fall overboard." Megan said looking at me.

"And if someone sees?" Skylar inquired.

"Well, just let them enjoy the show!" Megan smiled.

Megan wiggled her army green nylon shorts down to her knees. Her black thong was the next thing to get lowered. She raised her white top above her belly button before carefully scooting toward the side of the boat. It's only a flat bottom aluminum fishing boat, so it's not the most stable thing in the water, so Megan used a bit of caution. She gave me both of her hands and allowed me to stabilize her while she hung her ass over the side. A couple seconds went by before Megan released a strong stream into the lake. Megan made sure her legs were spread to show us just how much pressure she had as she let loose into the lake.

This time Megan's piss was good and clear but, she was making a ton of bubbles as her piss sprayed into the lake water. Skylar was quite giddy at this sight as the sound was what was doing it for me. The hiss of Megan's pussy, her torrent splashing into the water. I had a boner already. Megan was laughing as she turned around to catch a glimpse of her foamy pee. She continued for about 30 more seconds before her stream slowed to a trickle and then ultimately stopped. She pulled a hand free from mine to reach between her legs to give her rather large pussy lips a shake to free the remaining drops. They fell into the lake below her toned ass as she then swung back over into the boat.

"Your turn!" She said to Skylar.

"You don't have to pee over the side if you're not comfortable doing it. You can pee in the boat if you need to. I don't care." I reassured Skylar.

"No. I want to pee over the side. As long as you hold on I'll be ok." She responded.

With that, Megan and Skylar traded seats. Megan took the seat in front of me and Skylar plopped down beside me. She wasted no time removing her black, satin like shorts down to her knees. She was wearing a yellow thong today that also found it's way down. She was rushing as it was clear that Megan's strong piss had made her even more desperate. Skylar now sat next to me with her plump, bare ass hanging out.

"I really feel like someone's going to see me." She said.

"Don't worry. I'll tell them that I had to drain my live tanks where you store the fish at!" I joked causing Megan to burst out in laughter.

"I'm just doing it. Fuck it. If anyone doesn't wanna see, then they'll turn away, I guess." Skylar said reassuring herself.

"That's the way to be, girl. Glad I'm teaching you right!" Megan giggled.

Skylar handed me her hands the same way Megan did and swung her ass over in the same spot where Megan had just finished relieving herself at. Megan's foam had almost disappeared and it was now time for Skylar to enjoy her relief. Skylar to opened her legs to allow Megan and I a view of what she was about to deposit into the lake. Her stream had started, just a gentle trickle at first but, it grew rapidly as she relaxed herself.

"Ahhh." She sighed.

Her stream was once again very tidy and tight. This time though, she really had some pressure as her stream was even louder than what Megan's stream was. It had a more high pitched sound as it hit the lake though. Skylar took a second to look between her legs to admire her piss. Her pussy managed to stay mostly clean throughout her piss despite a few drops. This time, it was Skylar's piss that was actually as yellow as the daffodil yellow colored thong she was wearing. Her piss too made an exponentially large quantity of foam as she blasted the lake with it. She was having a blast but, about 40 seconds in, her fun finally came to an end. She spent the next 30 seconds spurting her piss to the water just as before until that too ended. She freed her hand from mine to give her pussy a shake just as Megan did, except it didn't quite work for her.

"You actually have pussy lips. You can shake yours dry. My pussy's like a fat mound. It doesn't shake!" Skylar told Megan while laughing.

Instead, Skylar swung over and sat on my bare leg as I had on a pair of shorts. She did this a means to dry her pussy. When I asked her what in the world she did that for, her response was "I don't want a damp thong." What a dirty bitch, I thought.

We returned home later that evening where we again shared another threesome. This time it was more casual sex but, it was still good sex! It was a great weekend filled with a lot of firsts for me. First threesome, first time having pee sex, and first time ever drinking someone else's pee.

Sorry for such a long story. I figured I'd just make it all one instead of dragging it out over several parts!

