Toyboy Golden Experience

16th June 2013, 07:25 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

I am in my mid-fifties now but I like to recall some nice experiences from long ago. I hope my age now doesn't put you off

When I was 19 and living in another country as a trainee. I was living in an apartment block and had rented a furnished studio. A couple of doors down in a 1 bedroom apartment was an older lady living alone. I say older but she was about 40, give or take a few years, some grey hairs, divorced, very nice figure. She took very good care of herself, fitness, some sports, make up and casual but nicely dressed. I think she was a business woman, or working in a bank.

We met each other sometimes by the mail boxes and she was a little flirtatious sometimes but other times she was treating me as she was a mother or older sister to me. Depending what mood she was in she could change into a complete different person. Other people in the apartment building did not like her very much because she never talked much to the others.

Once she asked me on a Saturday morning if I had some time to come over and help her out moving some furniture. «Sure no problem», I went over to her apartment and did move the sofa and some heavy chairs and it was ready in just a few minutes.

She asked me if I wanted to drink something, it was a warm day so ice tea seemed in order, big glasses, ice cubes and homemade ice tea, 'sun tea' as she called it.

We started to talk and she seemed very nice, a mother some minutes and flirting in other minutes. Slowly she moved in with her questions, I did not see it coming and when I answered some of 'those' questions it made me stutter and red in the face. She asked me after some standard questions if I had a girlfriend and if/or had I dated and what did I do with the girls and did I have some fantasies about those young girls. But she did not move in for the 'kill' so to speak.

She asked me if I would come over later so she like to cook me dinner, but an early dinner because she was planning an early night. It was Saturday morning, she still had some errands to run and I could come over around between 3 and 4 pm.

I had mixed feelings about what to think of this but the dinner invitation she made in her motherly voice and she wanted to show me how to cook. In the few hours in between, my mind was very busy trying to figure out what she was planning and how to prepare. A pack of condoms or a little present for mother like flowers or so. Well when I was there she did not have any flowers or plants in the house, as I recalled, but since I was working in a greenhouse and had some flowers in my apartment. I also went to the liquor store and bought a bottle of wine. Yes you had to be 21 to buy liquor or beer (except 3.2 beer, this was 1977), but most of the time I did not have any problems because I looked older I guess, than I really was.

I dressed in Bermuda shorts because it was very warm that day, somewhere in the 90's F, and nice Hawaiian loose shirt, and all clean and freshly washed of course, just mentioning this because I was a 19 year old boy that was just living on his own for the first time, but I was clean I think, washing my clothes in the washing machines across the hallway and frequently cleaning my apartment.

When 3 pm came I kept an eye out and saw her coming home, waited about 20 minutes and went over to her place brought the wine and small bunch of flowers, they were mini carnations.

She opened the door and was dressed in very tight nice jeans shorts/cut offs and loose, slightly see through, shirt and was pleased to see me. I suddenly felt a bit boyish in my Bermuda shorts.

Gave her the flowers and the bottle of white wine and luckily she did not make a remark about the alcohol and my age in reference, you never know in what mood she was in or which person she was (if she was schizo?)

We started out with some Mexican beers and the way she was looking at me showed lust in her eyes, I did not notice it much at the time, I was a bit passive and inexperienced in seeing 'bedroom eyes', a bit nave but surely I had my fantasies !but now I know.

She was going to cook light Mexican food, chicken, salsa, corn tortillas etc. And she was going to teach me how to cook it. «First things first» she said, she put a small bowl on the table and put some Doritos in, a dish of salsa and she had a bottle of Tequila and freshly squeezed lime juice. « When you start cooking Mexican you have to feel like a Mexican if you want to do it right so one shot of Tequila is a must!» she said. Wow, after a beer and a shot of Tequila I was hooked on the stuff and I still drink it once and while especially when I cook Mexican food. Mexican and Italian are my favorite foods.

She started cutting the food and asked me to come over to the counter and showed me how to cut the vegetables and asked me to do it. She stood behind me, reached around with her arms to guide my arms and hands and moved in, her breasts rubbed my back, slowly but intense, slowly step by step she 'moved in' , started to grind her pelvis on my ass, so slow that I hardly noticed, but it slowly dawned on me what was going to happen that evening. I decided to play her game, continue to act innocent and let her guide me until it was my turn to take control of the situation. Sure the alcohol did help!

I was cutting the veggies, chicken, onions, etc, etc, she guided me, I did learn how to cut everything tiny, fast and without cutting my fingers. Her hands moved up from my buttocks to my chest, yes if you asked how is that possible, teaching you how to cut, guide your hands, rubbing your buttocks and then moving her hands up to your chest, how many hands did she have you might ask? Folks, don't know the answer, that is how it felt, I was in a dream world and trying also not to show my fast upcoming Boner to show, so I don't know how she did it all at once.

But as soon as she started she stopped and moved in to show me the next step in the cooking lesson. She dropped something on the floor, turned her ass to me and bend over to pick it up, my guess was no panties under her cut-offs and it showed what looked like a wet spot, a small one but there was one. A few minutes later same thing happened, she bent over and the wet spot had 'grown'.

For a while nothing much happened, the cooking was finished, we sat down, poured each other some wine and started eating, the first soft taco she made and fed it to me. Near the end, she suddenly excused herself and went to the bathroom. I looked at her seat where she had been sitting and it showed a damp spot. I touched it, smelled it, and I dared to taste it. A nice mild soft taste, slight urine aroma but very slight. Because of my action I had an instant hard on.

She came back a few minutes later wearing a very nice see through robe and she was completely nude underneath. « Do I shock you?» she asked. «I just decided to cut the crap and be bold, you like it? If you are shocked or upset it is ok to leave if you want but I hope I guessed right, I can see that it must be difficult for you now to stand up, something in your pants is pinning you to the table underneath».

Yes I was indeed but I was able to stand up and took charge, I told her that I would like to make love to her and make her feel nice but I have to be a bit careful because being young and inexperienced I might should my load too quickly. «no problem» she said, you being young also has the advantage that I can take care of it and 'recharge' it in no time.

She told me she had the bath ready and wanted to wash me and I could wash her, even she had taken a shower just after she came home(and so did I ).

She unbuttoned my Shorts, and yes I did to have a wet spot and had briefs on underneath. She slid the shorts down and bent over to slid them down all, the way to the floor and looked up. My tool almost hit her in the eye, she moved up and slid her tong on my manhood just as she passed it. This was going to be tough not to shoot. I stepped into the tub, which was almost ready filling up, she left for a moment to get something and I saw her shorts on the laundry hamper. I picked them up looked at the wet spot which was big, almost the whole bottom of her shorts, felt it, smelled it, and licked it, squeezed it and sucked it, the taste was awesome!

Just when I heard her coming back I threw them back on the hamper but they fell to the ground just as she came in. She looked at me, looked at the shorts but did not say anything, just I saw a faint smile wrinkle around her nose.

Removed her gown, picked up a piece of soap and started to scrub me. She could not take her eyes of my boner. After she finished washing me, she stepped in and handed me the soap and cloth and asked me to wash her. In the front the had a small V shaved into her pubic hair but in between her legs she was as bald as an eagle.

After washing we sat in the tub and she handed me a drink she made, she had mixed the wine with ice tea into tall glasses and ice cubes and it tasted great. She started rubbing me all over, magic hands, she knew how to rub my cock and I started feeling her up, softly but firmly. I was on my way in, looking for a G spot I think, I remember that I just heard about it. And read about it. I also knew that women having an orgasm might let loose some pee if they enjoyed themselves a lot and if they were not embarrassed and I had loved fantasizing about pee sex already many years before and had collected some of those Danish magazines with exiting pictures (colour climax).

She then looked at me, and just before I came she squeezed my dick to hold me back and started to talk, I was going to listen and do anything she wanted because I was on the edge. She told me that she was shy to talk about it but she had to, « listen, I want you to know, and you saw my shorts, when I get excited I am not able to control myself completely, when I fake something nothing will happen but when I am really excited I let loose some pee sometimes, is that a problem?» she said, « because if it is, then now it is the time to stop and leave, I can't help it but I will try to hold it in».

«No problem» I told her, «I can handle that, as a matter of fact I am homered that I excite you so much, and I hope to excite you even more, that you are unable to hold it» . «I was going to mention it anyway because I am great, I think, in making you feel nice and I do not want you to hold back, I will do my best and whatever I do to make you feel good, anything at all, if you feel you have to pee, please do not hold back at all, let it go, don't even try to hold back and I guarantee you will have the nicest orgasm you ever had. Don't worry about me, you are important and then after that I will have my turn maybe!»

She was excited, and a squirt came out of her, she told me that she prepared the bed already but that first she wanted to take care of me. She went down, started sucking and in no time a blasted into her mouth. Cleaned my cock off with her tongue, moved up and kissed me for the first time.

We finished washing, stood up and suddenly while standing she let go of a powerful fountain of pee. She still did not get it that I was excited by it, she thought that if it is out, she might not have to pee during her orgasm. She saw me looking and saw that my cock started to rise quickly again. Then the 'coin dropped' I guess. «how did you get it up so quickly» she asked, I just smiled. «Let's take a short break and get another ice-tea with wine», I asked her.

We went out into the living room naked, drank another tall glass of wine ice-tea. She opened her legs and I had a wonderful view, she started playing with herself and told me to watch. «Look» she said «this is what happens», she rubbed her clit, shoved a finger inside and suddenly at the moment she took her finger out a short moan and a big squirt came out. She did not care that it wet the sofa and table a bit. I looked her in the eye, swiped my finger thought he small puddle on the tanle and licked it from my finger. Her eyes became big and surprised. «Look» I said, « now you see that it does not bother me at all, as a matter of fact it excites me a lot, just make sure that you don't hold back, don't hold back for nobody!».

We moved into the bedroom and right away I started to massage her all over, I used my hands my cock, touching the head of my cock on her nipples. I tried every trick in the book. I went down with my tongue, she opened her legs and I moved in, dipping my tongue in het pussy, she tasted wonderful and smelled great, she looked great. I did my best, first slow, than fast and alternating, it was driving her mad.

It did so well for my ego I tell you, she was only the 2nd woman/girl I had. Just weeks before I had a girl my age and were both shy and holding back, that was my first time but it was disappointing also because you are scared of being told a pervert.

Now with this experienced woman I did not care, it was only going to do this once maybe, so nothing to lose.

Plunging my tongue into the folds of her pussy, she started moving and moaning and peeing at the same time. We did have actually quite a few glasses of ice-tea so it did not stop after a few squirts, I kept licking and drinking, my month was full I could not keep up. What an incredible taste, what an experience. Her orgasm did not stop, she kept on shaking and coming as long as she was peeing. 'Aftershocks', during all this, towards the end when her peeing started to become weaker she asked me to save her a mouthful, which I did, I moved up to her mouth and started to kiss her and sharing the fluids, slurping away and licking each other's face.

The young readers have to remember that in those years especially in the U.S. golden showers/watersports was not very common, probably even forbidden, no reading material about it.

We laid there for a while and started talking. She never taught she would ever meet a guy who was going to accept her problem and then even enjoy it. She then asked me if I could pee on her. The taste of her own pee was nice she said now it is time to taste mine. So I did, I started on her clit and moved up to her mouth, my bladder was also very full and I did not stop and could not stop and kept going for more than a minute. She first tasted it and then started to drink it. I got her hooked!

She told me that she never ever had an orgasm this intense.

She told me that if I had said to her beforehand that I was going to drink her and have her drink mine she would have taught I was crazy but now she just taught that this was the only way to accept her own flaw in having orgasms.

We got cleaned up and set up another date, she did say that she was not interested in a real relationship because she could not handle the age difference herself very well that it was just sexual fantasy. But another few 'pee dates' would be great.

Then she started to proceed to tell me how she made sun tea, you know a big glass bowl with a lid on, tea bags and an eggshell standing on a piece of aluminium foil in the sun for about 4 hours. The next time she would make a mixed ice-tea with white wine again but she would put an extra ingredient, a bit recycled ice-tea and I will be the first one to test it.

