I will never forget what I was doing on the night of the big boxing fight...

12th March 2008, 01:49 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

This is a continuation of the story I posted ages ago about finding out a guy i was having a casual thing with was into pee (I posted it ages ago/It's NOT the foxy Roxy Story! It's the other 1).

Anyway again I will use the fake names we gave ourselves for the purpose of my storytelling, lol. I am Roxanne and he is stupidly Rupert, lol (why chose that name i don't know). Also i had better say that althought this story is about golden showers it is not soley written for sexual purposes and has a bad bit where we are interupted and it may ruin the mood of the story.

It was the Saturday night. The night of "The Big Fight". There were 2 boxing fights our friends (sports finatics) wanted to watch tonight. 1 was early in the evening between Ashiar Kahn and someone and the other was to be at something stupid like 5am between I think Audley Harrison or something like that (the 1 where it only lasted a few seconds). Anyway i know nothing about boxing really so excuse my wrong facts.

I went up to his place as I often do to see him. His friend was there, but that was ok because earlier he had promised that we would have some fun that night after she had left.

We were sat in his room chatting and waiting for the Ashair Kahn fight to come on. Anyway his friend went to pee and when she was away he said to me that he wanted to pee too but he was goin to wait til later so that we could have some fun with it. We didn't have time to say what we might do though because his friend was back.

Damn him for making me think dirty thoughts when his friend was sat right there with us talking about her recent marraige and showing us her pictures.

Basically she's sat there saying

"What do you think of my dress?" etc and I'm sat there thinking, Rupert had quite a few coffees before I wonder how much he needs to pee.

I could sort of tell he was a bit in daydream world too, but luckily his friend didn't notice our lack of attention because the poor girl was too excited remembering her lovely day.

Eventually she left and we decided to get on with what we had half planned. I went away to freshen up, have some dinner and get lots of nice pop to fill me up.

Another diversion. My friend fancied a takeaway too so we went along to the takeaway together and I offered to buy her the pizza as a sort of Christmas gift. Then because I was to be leaving soon and so wouldn't see my friends from this city for a long time I decided to spend some time chatting to them in the lounge. I had bought 3 different fizzy drinks for myself and also had a pint of orange squash which i had left in the lounge before we had went to the pizza shop.

Eventually I remembered I had left Rupert upstairs needing to pee so decided to go off as, my friend was now and I decided to quickly drink some of the pop and squash I had. I needed to pee a little bit now anyway so I didn't need to drink too much probably.

On my way back up to his I bumped into my friend again. She must have thought me a bit weird walking along with a pint of juice and 3 cans of pop, but she didn't seem to notice. I got rid of her fairly quickly and then carried on to Rupert's.

When I got there I wasn't sure how much he needed to pee because he wasn't really showing any signs. We kissed a bit and then I drank the cans of pop and the pint of squash to catch up.

We had decided that on this occassion we were to try and hold it a while before any golden showers and I had stuffed my jacket with discreet towels and a few bin bags for when we were going to do the showers later.

Last time we'd done it we had stained the floor because he hadn't put bin bags under the old sheets he had folded to soak up the pee. We didn't want that happening again.

Anyway as we got more desperate to pee I sat with my legs crossed and he just sat rather still. Like when you don't move because it will make you lose control (well that's how it seemed, but this was my 1st pee partner so I wasn't too questioning about it).

We began to become flirty and he started to tickle my legs and feet. What's the point in that I thought to myself, I'll lose control without even being that desperate if he carries on there.

"That's not fair." I laughed. "How would you like it?" I tickled him and he wriggled a bit and then aggreed that that wasn't going to work.

Now it was my turn to stur things up a bit. I pushed my crossed over leg into his bladder. It wasn't a harsh push at first but it grew as I realised that he enjoyed this sort of play. He reached his foot out and pushed on my bladder too. We carried on doing this getting more and more forceful and wriggling round more and more and me thinking I was gonna lose it but at the same time competing with him and trying to make him admit he was dying too.

Eventually he told me to stop that for a while and his face had a very concentrated look on his face as his breathed deeply and tried to regain control.

I was happy of the breather from our little game too and after taking a moment to regain control I carefully shuffled over closer to him so that I would be able to reach his bladder with my hand this time. I wanted to really FEEL how full it was and I wanted to be closer to him when sharing this usually very personal experience.

After I had moved closer to him it was harder for me to sit still than before because I couldn't seem to get in the same comfortably controlled position as before or even cross my legs in the same way.

We pushed on each other's bladder's some more, my dodging his pushes quite a lot and him directing me to push harder in certain areas of his bladder. He seemed to really like it and I was not complaining. He wriggled a bit every now and then when I really got the right spot and other times his face just showed me the effort he was going to not to let the pee escape. He would suddendly breathe a sort of gasp-like moan and I would worry I was being too forceful (not knowing how much he liked this sort of thing) and I'd ask.

"Are you ok? Should I stop?" And he would say:

"No." And carry on directing my hands on where to push and persuading me to push harder.

Eventually he pulled my hands away from his bladder and smiled at me.

"Lets just sit still for a bit now." He said. I'm guessing he was finding it harder to control his bladder now or something, as was I but I wasn't squirming and nor was he unless i pushed on his bladder. I could however feel my bladder becoming full and solid and could feel as I pushed on his that his was enormous and fairly hard too, but still he showed no proper signs of desperation whereas I had been sat with my legs crossed for ages now.

A few times he asked if we could do the golden showers yet, and I had said

"Can't you wait." He had aggreed to wait but kept asking over and over if we could do them yet because he really had to go now quite badly.

"Do you think you could wait a bit more, or is it not enjoyable now?" I asked and again he aggreed to wait.

Soon after he decided he didn't want to wait anymore and he hurridly set up the floor with the many towels with binbags underneath to protect the floor.

I lay on the towels pushing my legs together as my urge to pee persisted.

Rupert knelt over my body looking very much ready to release, but I was not happy yet.

"Just a minute, not yet." I said.

"Why?" He asked with a slight impatient look.

"Come here I wanna hold you tightly against me and kiss you so I can feel the pressure of your bladder squash into my full bladder." He slowely lowered himself onto me and we sort of dry humped and moaned as our bladders squashed each other and attempted to release before we were ready. I love that feeling when you are being sexual with someone and are not only horny but desperately need to pee and moaning for 2 reasons as they rub their body against you and kiss your neck. Mmmmm!

Anyway now feeling my desperation again I allowed him to pee over me. Also loving the way that when I am dying to pee he is too and is releasing his desperate pee all over me all warm and forcefull. Mmmm! It was so forcefull it was in my hair (and oops in my ear).

KNOCK KNOCK.

Suddendly I wake up from my real life fantasy world and remember that watersports is not a normal sexual act. Rupert slows his stream and tries to hold it off in shock but struggles as he is already in mid flow.

I will him to stop this horrible, unusual thing, hoping to hell that our friends at the door cannot hear as the pee runs off my body and onto the binbags splashing as it settles. I also will the door to definately be locked (which it is but paranoia is a bad thing).

He finishes peeing and we look at each other asking each other through facial expressions what the hell to do and how the hell to get rid of them without opening the door.

We ignore them as they knock and knock and shout.

I can strongly smell his desperate urine and feel it cover my once clean skin. It feels so wrong and I feel such a freak, but I am dying to pee and don't want to waste it so when our friends eventually GO AWAY! I carefully squat over Rupert trying not to russtle bin bags as I move.

It's fucking happening again. I thought to myself. I couldn't piss. I was sat there at my turn to show off covered in Rupert's piss with a now hurting bladder full of guilty held in piss and I just could not get the stuff out of me.

"Sorry." I said embarrassed. "I can't relax. What if they come back?"

"They'll be wtahcing the fight now." He reassures me. I still cannot pee.

I couldn't believe how stupid I felt. A pee fetishist who can't pee on someone when desperate to pee. A pee fetishist ashamed to pee. How ridiculous. I felt so guilty and disgusting. What would our friends say if they knew why we didn't answer the door?

Eventually I managed to empty most of my bladder. It was a guilty sexless act now.

Originally we had planned to have sex in this nice pool of our desperate smelly piss as we had in the past, but now I wasn't sure I wanted to anymore.

I tried to enjoy sliding up and down his warm wet body and we did various positions but everything felt wrong no matter how hot it had been the other times we had done it.

Eventually I gave up telling him I wasn't going to cum and that i would make him cum by peeing on his balls as he wanked. I tried firstly to pee on them as we had sex, but that didn't work because I was pee shy again so the motion added to the difficulty.

So there i sat on his belly and eventually i managed to pee down onto his balls. i lined myself up over them and he seemed to like it a lot. I liked it too. I like turning people on. It was naughty too which was good.

After that he asked what was wrong with me and we both aggreed that it had been ruined by the knock at the door.

Later after cleaning up each other and the towels and bin bags we lay together naked hugging under the sheets. We talked about how off putting it was that they knocked and how great it was up until then and we laughed about how we'd never forget the night of the big fight.

