One-Eyed Bill - Missive 2

24th December 2007, 06:01 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Date: 12/28/2007, 19:43:02

Subject: bill gardinger

###

If you red my last letter, you probly know I lied at the end. It was a stupid lie too, you know I ent got a roommate, you probly guessed I ent got a computer. I don't think you knew I ent got an apardment, not since last week, but that's true too. I wrote that last letter same place I'm writin this one, onea them free computers at the public libery.

So whyd I stop writin yestiday? I coud say it was cause that libery lady was lookin at me funny, and thatd sorta be true. You sit at the same computer typin for 3 or 4 ours and they start watchin you like they think your gonna pull out a machine gun and start killin the folks readin by the windo. I coud say it was cause my hands was shakin and it was gettin tough to type and thatd also be sorta true. But they still shakin and I ent stopin now, its goin on 3 days I ent had any booze. So whyd I realy stop? Well I ent in a hurry to write down what hapend next. Might not look so bad first, but when you kno the whole story youll see.

So she told me where shes from, a town the other side of the mountins, and it was already dark and thers no way shes gettin back there toniht. And I told her that. But I come up here to spend Cristmas alone, I'd decided I was gonna and that was that. So when she asks if she can spend one niht in the cabin with me, sos she dont freze to death out in the snow, I told her fuk off. Regreted it imeditly, of corse. Theres some folks as can let a lady freze to death out there and not worry, but as I watchd her walk away and saw how thin her jaket was, barly enough for walkin in daytime, not at niht, I relizd that much as I wishd it, I wasnt one of them.

So I call her back and say Ive changd my mind and she says shes sorry for "incunvinyincin" me, said that a lotta times. And I stil dont kno why I did it, but I sleepd on the crappy recliner sos she coud have the bed, they in the same room so its not alot of privacy, but the best I coud do.

Well she promisd she'd leve in the mornin and go home, said she had a litle girl she oughta be with for Cristmas, coudnt even call her cause the mountins fukd with her cell phon or whatevr, and her left at a frends house cause she ent got no father. But of corse that night was the snowstorm. And it was worse up where we were than in town, I woke up and lookd out the windo and first I thouht I was lookin riht at the sun cause all I coud see was white. Then I saw it was a solid wall of snow up to the top of the windo. Windos wernt made to open, door opens out so the snow blockd it, but I recken if I couda got it open Ida just got all coverd in snow. Wasnt any way out, and I coudnt help thinkin if she hadnt got herself lost last niht just when I went out, Ida never knon about her, just be stuck in here drunk off my ass and havin a good time.

But I wasnt, and I had to piss pretty bad, comes of all the booze. Dont realy remembr if I ever did piss the last night, but I reken if I hadnt Ida pisst the recliner, and I didnt do that. No way I was gettin to the outhose or even to a tree this time so I went in the kichen and got the bigest pot that was in there and pisst there, figurin we was both gonna need it and not knoin where to dump it.

I was riht. My pissin woke her up, the pot rang like a big bell, and soon as she got over bein trapt in a cabin with a scary lookin dude who wasnt too keen on her bein there she was askin where the bathroom was. I told her, then I told her where the pot was. "Can you look the other way?," she ast, startin to open her pants.

I turned away from the pot, tho I was kind of lookin forward to gettin another peek. "You wasnt so shy last niht," I told her.

I herd the sound of water hitin metal and she kind of gaspd hapily. Then she says, "Last night I didnt kno you was there till I was alredy goin, and then I coudnt stop. Just hadda pray you wernt a rapist or nothin."

"I bin cald a lotta things," I admitid, "like murdrer, but rapist ent one of them." Good thing I alredy went, I thought, I coudnt even see her, but the sound of her goin was givin me a hardon.

"Murdrer!" Now shes intrestd, her piss even slows down but it doesnt stop yet.

Im worrid if I turn around now I'll look like a pervert. "I said I bin calld that, I never kild anyone," I reasure her, not rely a lie tho it doesnt make Brooks any less dead. I try and stuff my thing further down so it ent so easy to see, cause Im gonna have to turn around soon.

"Corse not, isnt evrybody in prison inocint?"

I think shes teasin but I act like she ent. "Dint go away fer that." The pissin sound slows and stops, but I give her a minit to get her clothes back right. "They saw, eventuly, I was just in the wrong place." OK, thats a real lie. I turn. Shes just doin the button on her pants. I wanna change the subjekt, so I say, "Gess your gonna be here a while, want some brekfast?"

I just expekted to be feedin me and only a few days, so all I brout was a pack of weiners. That way I coud cary more booze. She just expekted to be gone a coupla ours, so all she brout was a coupla them energy bars in her pockets and two of them she alredy ate. We dont kno how long we gonna be in here, but we ate two of the weiners uncooked, theres a propane heater but no stove less you count the iron fireplace. Im still kinda hungry, plus my head stil hurts a bit from last niht. Dont kno what time it is, but I get out the botle of crappy wisky I startid last niht and finish it. Then I start a botle of crappy but strong wine. Takes me a bit to figur out why shes lookin at me like that. "O, you want some?," I ask.

"If you think you got enough." Lookin at my backpack, she can see its all full of booze. She finds a glass in a cubord and I fil it and she says, "No, thats too much." Gess it was, took her haf an our to finish it. Then I pored her some more, she drinks that faster, menwile Im startin to feel pritty good and shes startin to get more takative. Turns out her litle girls name is Amy, shes got piturs of Amy in her walet. Funy I kno Amys name and I dont kno hers, Im sure she told me somtime.

More wine and I see thers some a pritty good radio in the kitchen. Cant get any stations up here, but onea the cubords is full of CDs and I put on one by Simon and Garfunkle. I dont kno much about music but I herd him once, hes pritty good. I told her about my crappy job at Macys and the crappy music and why I come up here and while Im talkin she gets up, pulls down her pants and pisses in the pot. I stopd talkin, must be the booze but somthin about her naked pussy in full light makes me just stare.

She looks up, sees me starin but dosnt stop pissin or try to turn away. "The music?," she promts me.

"Yeh, um, it," my brain ent workin riht.

She looks at me and laughd drunkly. "You like sein me piss dont you?," she ast. I think I woud of blushd if my skin wasnt so dark, still I had this look on my face that pritty much anserd her. I lookd away from her. Snow out the wndow dont look so briht wite, must be the suns goin down. I dont kno what time I woke up, but thats like a short day even in winter.

Shes pullin up her pants now, got a funy look on her face. I dont kno shit about women, dont wanna hafta gess what thats about, so I try to pick up the convrsashon. "Its all the crapyest records of them songs you herd a milyon times before, sposd to make you hapy and Cristmasy I gess, but it just anoys me."

She grins, but it dont look like shes laughin at me. "Yeh, they have that evrywere," she says. "Ther ohta be a law aganst it."

I smil too, feels good to have somone back me up on this, even if she is drunk. "And you probly ony herd it an our or so wile you was shopin. Me, I got it 8 ours a day. Makes me mad, and somtims I dont kno what Im gonna do when Im mad. Got me in trobl befor. And thats wy Im up here, get away from that shit, fore I stat betin somone over the hed with somthin and scremin."

Shes starin at me. "Have you don that befor?," she ast.

Musta bin the booze, I wasnt thinkin strait, but I told her. "Wel, ther was this jerk namd Brooks, got drunk in the same bar as me, and he jut thinks hes the funyest guy in the werld. Hes runnin around yelin stuf, didnt make sens mosta the time, but I cant stop herin him. So I go to anothr bar, but fuk if he dosnt com in ther 10 minits latr, probly got kikd outa the other one, and hes scremin at everbody ther too. So I just snaped, I yeld 'Shut up alredy you fuker!," piked up my beer glas and just wangd him over the hed with it. I was pritty drunk so I almost misd, but he had a pritty good bump on his for hed and he just backs away from me, scard now, trips ovr his own drunk feet falls and bashs his hed opn on the bar."

Im up on my feet now, i bin kinda getin into actin this story out, when she says, reel quiet, "I thot you said youve nevr kild anyone?"

Damn, I did say that, I thot. Didnt mean to say that at all. I do that when Im drunk. I try to explan, "I didnt, he hadnt tripd he woudnt be ded."

Shes quiet, then she says, "Still dont wanna piss you off tho."

Thers silens for a while except for the CD and we drink and eventuly the music stops. Befor I can go chose anothr one, she asks why we dont maybe go in the othr room and liht the fire place. My first thoht is, why? But befor I say that I think, I want her to like me. I didnt think that at all befor, but its tru. So I dont argu, I say OK, figurin thers wood an paper in the othr room, I can figur this out. I seen bums do it in alleys. So I put some paper inside and some wood on top and it took me bout haf an our to get the wood burnin. Stil ent sure what I don wron, but ther it is. And I let her have the recliner and Im sittin on the crappy rug, must of used to be thick and soft but not anymor, and were talkin and drinkin some more and the rooms gettin darker and darker. Must of been the snow makin the day seem to end fastr then it shoud of.

And somtime about now the booze starts to rely fuk me up. I remembr stuf after that, but it dont fit togthr cause I dont kno what order stuf goes in. But Ill tell you what I remembr.

I remembr us sharin the recliner, her on top of me, both watchin the fire and I was thinkin it did look pritty like she was sayin but not as pritty as her face only haf lit up by the red liht.

I remembr us makin a game of pissin, somhow the pot got into the room with the fire place, and she was pissin in it like a hose and I was tryin to piss so it went through her legs and nothin was comin out even tho I had to go and shes yellin, "I win, I win." Dont remembr what the ruls was but I gess she did.

I remembr us both in the recliner agan, but this time we both bare naked and the room is warm and my thing is pokin up between her legs and shes laughin and sayin, "It looks like I have a weiner!," and me sayin, "You had a weiner this mornin, remembr," and us both laughin.

I remembr us both lyin on the floor and she had her pants off but othrwis we was dressed and she maks some litle nois and I look down and shes pissin and its comin out throu her undrpants gleamin red from the fire and makin a puddle betwin her legs and both of us laughin and me openin my pants cause my dick was felin trapd.

I remembr us both on the bed and my shirt was open and hers wasnt and we wasnt wearin anythin else and Im lyin on my back and shes on top of me and bouncin up and down haf lit in red and we both gaspin and shes scremin and she slows down and makes a difrent kind of gasp and then I feel all wet where shes touchin me and I figur out she just pisst on me and we grin at each other and I say, "I love you so much," and she keeps goin tho shes still pissin.

I remembr us lyin on somethin but the rooms too dark to see what and I can feel her back and butt pressd aganst me all the way up the front of my body and shes warm and her hairs tikl my face and smel good and my backs cold but it just feels so good lyin ther I dont wanna move so I dont.

And then I remembr wakin up and the suns comin in just the top of the windos and Im alone in the bed tho thers a warm spot next to me and my hed hurts and I gotta piss but first Im up and lookin around the place for her. Dosnt take long to figur out she ent there, thers only 2 rooms. Then I see some water by the door and I try and open it and I see it opens OK, thers stil som snow up the sides of the cabin but startin 2 feet awy its low enouh you can walk OK, and thers footprnts goin awy from the cabin. Cold out tho, and Im naked, so I close the door and get on my clothes and my boots and then I run after her, but seems she found a hikin trail not to far from the cabin, beyond the trees, and thers a cople sets of prnts and I cant tell hers. I kind of cuss out them early-mornin hikers, but they ent here so they dont here me.

I go back to the cabin, thinkin, whyd she leave? Not that I cant think of enouh resons for her to dich me. I did tell her I wantd to spend Cristmas alone, she did promise to get out yesterdy. Plus, she was drunk when we did it, miht of woke up nexto me and got all scard and boltd. Ether way, tho, I gota find her, pologize for doin her while we was drunk. Plus, now shes gone, I miss her. So I get my shit togethr and hike back to town. Its Cristmas day so thers not many busis goin anywere, but I find one goin sort of the riht way and pay most of the mony I got left ovr and get on. Its Cristmas day so thers that damn music playin even in the bus, sombody somwere must be getin rich findin or makin the worst records of them songs, and I ask the driver if he can plese turn that shit of befor I hit him with somthin, but he says no he cant, and he hats the shit much as I do.

Long story short, I didnt find her. Gess I shuda seen that comin, I dont kno her name so I cant ask if folks kno her. Didnt stop me wandrin around lookin ito folks hoses, drinkin my last botle of wisky to keep warm, spendin the niht in a homles sheltr. Woke up with a hangover, but not as bad as yestrdy, and for the first time thout, how was I gonna find her? I didnt kno. And I was late for work and I had an apointment in an our or 2 and not quite enouh mony for the bus back.

Now you see wy I misd my apointment. Whyd I wanna find her so bad? Ive told evry woman I bin with I loved her, but I dont think I ever ment it befor this Cristmas eve. Mabe it was just the booze. We had a lot of it. Mabe if we met agin sober it woudnt be the same. But when I close my eys I stil see her face and boobs half lit in red hangin over me and I wanna find out. Ent drunk anythin since Cristmas just in case.

And mabe Im goin back cause I misd my apointment. Im stayin at the shelter on 12th st and E if they need to find me for that. But I told you why I misd it now. Couple days ago if yu sed I was goin back, Ida sed, well at lest they nevr had that Cristmas music in the big house. But now Im sure I dont wanna go. If you wanna give me anothr apointment, Ill be ther. Ill check this email evry day in case.

Bill

