Powerplay

15th February 2014, 02:50 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So its been a while since i was on here, and my family had a terrible year last year with deaths and violent crimes, and illnesses. This years started with me being diagnosed with a scary disease and having to have treatments which are not finished. However i did meet a young man who was really amazing and we shared some good times for the short time our paths intersected. So this story is loosely based on that and the experiences of a friend of mine who is restarting her life at an age when most women feel vulnerable. Hope you enjoy it.

Lee had just got out the shower and was still dripping slightly on the mat in her bedroom when she heard her phone beep. She picked it up and squinted at the screen. Her Phone politely informed her she had a missed call and a voice message. «Damn» she muttered biting her lip~! She had a doctor's appointment in a town which was an hour and a half away, she did not have time for all this. Worse, she did not know the number AT ALL. She moved her weight from one foot to the other, shaking wet red curls and she pondered.

Normally she would ignore the unknown number, and retrieve the message at more opportune moment, BUT she had applied for a couple of jobs recently and was expecting some calls about her resume. «Damn» she said again as she made the decision to dial her voicemail number and retrieve the message. Still bouncing from foot to foot as she waited for the phone to dial, and give her the options she needed, until at last she heard a strong deep male voice. It was so unexpected that she dropped her phone, had to pick it up, wipe off errant drips, and then replayed the message.

«Hello this is Henry from the Power company, you reported a power outage last night and I am just calling to find out if your power is back on, as the power should have been restored by now, but I shall call back in a little while».

Lee was intrigued. She had had technicians call her back occasionally to find out if her power had been restored, after an outage, but they were few and far between, and she never thought a technician would think it THAT important that they would call back? She shrugged, must be a new policy or something she guessed, and put the phone down.

She had just finished rubbing cream into every part of her body she could reasonably reach, and was putting some anti-frizz gel into her damp unruly red curls when her phone rang again. Without thinking she ran from the en-suite to grab her phone off the bed, and as a result her voice was little shaky and breathless when she answered «hello, Lee speaking», as she always did.

There was a moment of silence, and then the deep male voice from the voice message said «Uhhh hello this is Henry from the power company...»

«Oh yes, sorry,» Lee interjected in her normal bubbly way. «I am so so so sorry, the power actually came back on within half an hour and I did try to call back to tell someone but it's a call centre and apparently you never get the same person answering...thank you so much by the way». She realised she was babbling slightly and faltered to a stop. There was a slight moment of silence on the line.

«Oh. Well it's ok. SO your power is on now?» the deep voice said.

«Yes, yes,» she said again bubbling away. «Like I said maybe thirty or so minutes after I reported. I am so sorry. I honestly did try and call back».

«No, no that's fine.» Silence again. «Well see after all the rain we have had I need to check the wiring at the house just to check because we had some faults that are at the house not the line itself..»

«Ohh». Lee's turn for some silence on the phone. «Well, okay then, although I did check and my neighbours were out as well so I assumed it was everyone in my area? Look I have an appointment and must leave soon, but my assistant is here so there is someone at the house till just after 16h00, so yeah, sure, come on and check»

«Well can you just tell me where you live as I cannot find your house, not even on GPS, ma'am?»

Lee giggled. «Yeah nobody can. Okay well do you know Umlani?» The tech confirmed he did. «Well go along St George road, all the way, right to the cane fields, and just before you reach the cane fields if you look to the right you will see a little tar road, that's my house. Just hoot so someone can let you in.»

«Ok ma'am we'll be there in five minutes» Henry from the power company said.

«Oh but that's too soon cos I'm naked I just got out the shower...» As she said the words she cringed and swore softly to herself as her other hand came up to her forehead. What the fuck? Why would she even SAY that? She cringed at the longer silence on the line.

«Oh. Well as I say we will be there soon» Henry the power tech said, and the line went dead.

Bright red now, Lee got back to the business of dressing. She had just finished pulling on her jeans and a white vest top, and had put a light SPF15 tinted cream on her face when her assistant came to tell her 'the men from the power' were here. «Well I am sure they do not need ME,» she said and shooed Rona out, determined not to meet the man she had just told she was naked.

She put on mascara and a light lip-gloss, and was almost ready to untie her hair and get some semblance of order going when her phone rang. She picked it up and stiffened as she heard the deep voice of Henry from the power company. «Hi Ma'am, we've checked your lines, but I really would prefer you to sign off on this if you could»

«Sure,» she said as steadily as she could, cursing inwardly and then cringing and blushing again as she said «I just need to finish dressing». WTF? Again?. She hung up, and quickly pulled on a light cotton jacket and slipped into some sandals. Forgetting her hair was still in an untidy knot, she went outside irritated and embarrassed. At the gate she saw the power van, and as she got to the gate, a tall young man stepped out. She was already flustered because she had now twice told this man that she was naked or all but naked, and when she realised that he was much younger than she had imagined, and she began to babble.

The young man leaned nonchalantly against the hood of the van as she babbled on, talking about her brother who was an electrical foreman, and a whole lot of other things, ending with a nervous but heartfelt «I am so sorry I could not make you some coffee or anything» she faltered as another young man emerged from the passenger side with a wide smile on his face, but then continued «but you see I have to leave I have an appointment in the city for 4pm and its an hour and a half away so ...um...yeah...anyway, I must go. Thank you guys».

The taller young man smiled again, and then introduced himself as Henry, the other smiling young man as «appy Mike» and held out a form for her to sign. «Thank you...» he glanced at the paper... «Uh ..Mrs Wood»

Lee, who had taken a step away, turned back. «Oh...oh...ohhhh...er...no I guess its Ms now, my husband passed away ..» she swallowed, «almost 10 months ago now». Again she wondered why she even offered this information and she felt the heat in her cheeks as she blushed, turning slightly so they would not see this.

«Oh I am sorry Ms Wood,» Henry said flashing an amazing white smile, his eyes unreadable behind his dark shades. «Anyway thank you, and if we are in the area again we sure will come for coffee». Lee smiled again, waved, and then rushed inside to finish dressing. When she emerged mere minutes later the van was gone and as she reversed out and began her journey to the doctor's office, she realised she was smiling a little for no reason at all.

Typically, Lee got lost, and she heard her phone beep as she was looking for the street the hospital was in, she glanced at it and saw it was an IM which read «Hi this is Henry from the power company, I sure would like to come for coffee one day if I could». It made her smile, but at that stage, lost and almost late, and in peak time traffic, she was unable to answer, so it was much later, after she had found the hospital and was in the doctor's waiting room when she could reply with an uncharacteristic «well do come then».

Thereafter followed three weeks in which Henry from the power company texted her, and asked her if he could come for coffee. He even offered to bring the appy with if it made her feel more comfortable. Lee made excuse after excuse, some of which was because she was still not sure how she felt about it all. Sure some friends had started telling her she should start 'socialising' again, but the thing is, she still FELT married. And she had never been an unfaithful wife. The other part of it was that although she had yet to see Henry sans his shades, she could tell he was young, 25 at the MOST, and she was 42, WAY too old for him. And she wondered what his motive could be? Surely he was not interested in her? She re-read some of his texts, especially the one where he said he had never met anyone as 'vibrant' as her. His texts and his persistence made her smile, and she re-read them often.

However, the most important reason for putting him off was the fact that she had recently undergone extensive surgery to remove suspicious lumps in both breasts, and when she had met 'Henry from the power company' she had been on her way for a check-up and to schedule a session of chemo. The chemo had been done three days later, and left her sick, weak, with severe bruising at all her joints and in her soft tissue areas like her tummy, upper arms and thighs. Also, although she had no bald spots whatsoever, as yet, every time she washed her hair she was dismayed at the clumps of hair that she lost, and her hair felt brittle and thin. All in all she felt anything but beautiful. She felt old and tired.

After pursuing her for three weeks, and being charming and delightful, Lee sensed Henry was at the stage where he was about to give up and she could not blame him. She was still unsure if she wanted to meet him or not, and it was so complicated with her feelings for her late husband, her treatments, and his age. But there was something about his voice, the smile he had flashed, the fact that he had pursued her, and she had not been pursued for a long time...and she realised she really would be sad if he lost interest, and more, she really wanted to see him again. They had chatted a lot via IM's and texts and a couple of times by phone. She had not only got used to the contact from him but found herself looking forward to it. So on the spur of the moment she agreed that he could come for coffee the next day. As they had already teased each other sexually over IM's, she knew he expected more than coffee. And, she giggled to herself, maybe she did too?

Lee dressed with care. She chose a sexy semi see-through black lacy top that hid her scars but showed off her breasts and let her nipples peep out just a little. She took extra care with her makeup, spritzed her hair and body with First perfume, and was delighted that for once since her chemo her hair looked glossy and swung healthily in natural curls at the nape of her neck. She wore tight cotton slacks that clung to her legs, she kinda liked the shape of her thighs, although not perfect, they were shapely and firm. Then she waited. As usual she was dressed WAY too early, and she was SO nervous she had to keep checking in the mirror that her makeup had not smudged, her clothes were not wrinkled and nothing was awry. She felt like a teen on her first date!

At last she heard a honking at the gate and she stood at the kitchen door and used the remote to open the gate. She watched him climb out of the van and walk down the garden steps towards her and was amazed that her breath caught in her throat. She was holding the door open and then suddenly he was inside and she realised just how tall he was. She did not want the kitten to get out which meant she was trying to close the door as he came in, so when he stood just in the doorway this brought them very close together. As she looked up into his eyes she saw how green-blue they were, and the whiteness of his teeth as he smiled at her. She had not seen his eyes before and she felt a little lost and nervous at his intense gaze. She dropped her eyes and as she did his hand came to her chin and raised it so she was looking at him, and he kissed her.

Oh and WHAT a kiss it was too, she felt giddy and heard a soft sound which she suddenly realised was coming from her, and realised she was moaning softly into his kiss as her body melted into his. She noticed how hard and toned and muscled his body was, and how perfectly her soft body fit into his. His lips were soft, his tongue practised and probing, his hands strong behind her back, holding her up, holding her to him, which was a good thing as her legs felt decidedly rubbery.

As suddenly as it began the kiss was over and he smiled cheekily, eyes twinkling, and said «Ok - so - shall we get that coffee?» Mesmerised and a little dazed, she made the coffee asking how he liked it, and after she made it he took his steaming mug from her and they walked to the lounge. He sat in the recliner armchair so she perched nervously on the couch nearby. She was disconcerted by this as she really had thought the whole coffee thing was a euphemism, especially as their texts had become a little steamy on occasion, and one late night phone call had been decidedly x-rated. She wondered if she had disappointed him, if she was too old, or too curvy, or if he could see the faint bruising from the chemo or the scars from her surgery. It had been a very very long time since she had dated, and she had never done anything like this before, so she was at a loss.

Lee would never remember later what they chatted about, only that they chatted for ages, seamlessly, about many things. Having finished his coffee Henry stood and Lee immediately stood as well. She was not sure what was happening but it seemed he was leaving and she was unsure if she was disappointed or relieved, and she opened her mouth to say something to him.

Whatever she had wanted to say remained unsaid as he pulled her to him and kissed her again, this time hold her so tight she could scarcely breather... although perhaps it was his kiss which made her breathless? All she knew was she stopped thinking and just gave into the magic of his kiss. She felt his hands tighten and before she knew what was happening he had lifted her up somehow and was walking her down the passage. As he turned into her bedroom she vaguely wondered how he knew where her bedroom was but as he had yet to actually break the kiss, she was unable to ask him.

In the bedroom he half threw half laid her on the bed, and then as she pulled herself up a little on the bed, laying width-wise across it, and watched as he towered over and took off his shirt. She wondered if he could see in her eyes how impressed he was by his lithe muscled body - his young body she reminded herself, feeling older than ever and again wondering what he saw in her. Pushing that aside she sat up and reached out to unbuckle his belt and then unbutton and unzip his jeans, admiring how they fitted his firm hard body. He was wearing black boxers and she was thrilled by the large bump in them.

He moved over and began to pull up her lacy top. She raised her hands like a child as he pulled it off and then lay her gently down and began softly suckling on one plump rosy nipple. Lee moaned and writhed beneath him, lost in the sensation of his tongue and mouth on her breast, all concerns about her scars gone from her mind, even as he gently ran his tongue over the still red scars on her chest. She felt his fingers tug at her silky skirt and lifted her butt so he could slide it off her, and was grateful she was wearing silky black panties. As he hooked her skirt off her ankles she sat up again and hooked her fingers into his cotton boxers, and slowly pulled them down.

Lee was surprised as his hard cock bounced free. He was by far the largest built man she had seen (outside of the odd porn she had watched of course) and she was a little concerned. It had been a while since she had sex, and her late husband was never this big. Without thinking too much more she leaned forward and gently but firmly held it in one hand as he put her lips tentatively against the eye, her tongue flicking out to gently touch the sensitive spot. She heard the sharp intake of his breath and slid her soft wet lips over the head, using her tongue to flick it against the roof of her mouth, and heard him say «fuuuck» ever so softly. Emboldened she cupped his balls and then swallowed as much of him as she could in one swift movement.

He was big and for a moment she wondered if she could swallow all of him, but as she opened her throat, supressing her gag reflex, she felt air flow in through her nose, and pushed her head down further, and felt him slip into her throat. Again she heard him say «fucccck» then «fuck ohhh fuck» as she bobbed up and down, finding a good rhythm and tuning in to his responses. She was lost in the amazing feeling of him in her mouth and deep down her throat, when she felt him slowly lift her off him and he laid her back on the bed. He leaned over and kissed her deeply, his hands on her breasts, and she closed her eyes and surrendered to the kiss and the feeling of his hands expertly kneading her breasts.

His head moved down and kissed her tummy, his tongue flicked in and out of her belly button, his teeth grazed the hillock made from her hipbone and then he sucked gently on the hollow below it, making her moan loudly and undulate under him. His mouth moved to the other hip, the twin hollow, before coming back to the top of her panties. His tongue dipped just below the top off her silky panties, before his mouth moved down over the soft mound beneath the silk and he gently blew over the cleft he could barely make out under the stretched silk fabric, and Lee moaned and writhed again. Henry gently slid the panties down and helped her kick them off.

Then his mouth returned to her rounded pussy covered in downy soft red curls. His tongue parted the curls, and immediately found her swollen clit, licking the nub and then flicking it with his tongue as his hands returned to her breast, Lee gasped and moaned. Oh God she did not think she had EVER felt like this before and she closed her eyes and moaned loudly.

Henry's tongue dipped lower and slid deep inside her and her hips raised off the bed as she ground against him pushing herself against his face and tongue. She was lost to the world as his tongue worked on her, she felt the wetness of her juices drip from her, eagerly sucked up by Henry, and thought she could quite literally die from the amazing feelings he evoked in her. She felt her climax build and desperately tried to stop it, but could not, and suddenly her toes curled and Henry moved his face, replacing his tongue with fingers as her thighs clenched, her head pushed back and she came hard, shaking and shuddering, Henry's tongue licking up her hot wet cum juices even as they dripped from her.

As she recovered from the contractions of her orgasm, her breath raspy and her body shaky, Henry leaned over and softly blew in her face, till she opened her eyes. As her eyes opened he kissed her deeply, and she tried to hide the embarrassment she felt at the way she had cum, feeling somehow bad she had lost control. As if he felt her embarrassment, he kissed her again and again, until she forgot anything but his kisses, and responded to him, moaning softly into his kisses, feeling her nipples tingle and her clit throb again. Suddenly, in mid kiss she felt the tip of his hard shaft rub against her pussy lips, rubbing gently until her lips parted and his tip rubbed against her clit, and she heard him breathe harder and whisper «Oh my god you are so hot and so wet», sending a hot thrill down her spine. She moved slightly, managing to pull him in a little closer, his cockhead now pushing softly against the hot wet opening of her pussy, and she moaned again.

Henry's lips found hers as his hips moved and his cock slid into her. She saw his eyes close at the same moment and his cock pushed in deeper. The feeling of him filling her, stretching her, sliding into her, made Lee gasp in pleasure and she immediately felt the soft floaty feeling she had not felt for SO long and her head thrust back as her legs wound around him pulling him in deeper. Lee thrust her hips up to meet Henry's downward thrusts and she wondered if he was completely inside her and if so how he could possibly fit? Then she stopped thinking and began just feeling as he slid in and out of her, his lips locked on hers. He had tremendous stamina and she was surprised how quickly she felt her orgasm building, and as she began to moan «oh my God oh my God» softly she heard him grunt and as he exploded inside her she felt her own orgasm flood through her body.

Long moments after her orgasm subsided and his cock finally began to soften, he moved and slid out of her. Instinctively she sat up slightly and began slowly sucking and licking his not quite hard but far from soft shaft, sucking every drip of their combined juices from him. He closed his eyes and sighed softly as she tongue did its work, opening them again as she finished. He moved her on the bed and lay next to her, his eyes soft and a deep green which she assumed was due to the passion they had shared.

As her emotions stabilised Lee was flooded with embarrassment at her enthusiasm and abandonment, and even more so at her nakedness. She felt Henry could see every fold and ounce of flab, every wrinkle and every bit of cellulite. She turned away slightly, trying to find a way to hide the flaws she saw in herself, and was surprised when his hands reached out, stopped her turning and curled her body into his as his arms closed over her, holding her tight. «You are beautiful,» he said tenderly, huskily, his eyes on hers, and she was shocked at how accurately he had read her feelings.

She tried to meet his eyes but could not and he moved an arm so he could tilt her head and look into her eyes. «You are, you know. Very beautiful, and very sexy». She wrinkled her nose and giggled and again she would later not remember what they spoke about, even though they spoke for ages. However it did not take long for soft gentle kisses and touches to turn into deep passionate kisses and stroking hands and as her hands roamed his hard sinewy body she was surprised to feel how quickly he had hardened.

As his hands stroked and touched her body, she realised how full her bladder was, and debated telling him, but was too embarrassed, besides, she knew she was a master at holding, so she pushed the feeling aside, except for the extra titillation it gave her, the extra pressure it added to the quickly rising lust raging through her. As his lips once again suckled her breasts, first one then the other, she began to moan and groan and her hands began to stroke his hard cock, loving the feel of him in her hands.

In one swift moment he somehow managed to roll her over so she was on top of him, his hardness poking against her butt. She moved so she was half lying half sitting, her butt against his hardness on his pelvic bone as he buried his head between her breasts and he began to knead and suckle her breasts. She moaned and threw her head back before moving forward and kissing him deeply as she lifted up and using one hand to hold him in position as she slid down on him. She felt his breath catch even as she gasped into the kiss she was giving him, and as she slid down onto him, she realised he had not pushed all of his length into her earlier, and she felt some discomfort as she pushed down onto him. His hands moved as if to stop her but she whispered in his ear «Its ok, I can take all of you...» He moaned loudly and kissed her deeper as he thrust up into her as she slid down.

Lee felt a slight burning as she enveloped all of Henry's cock, she had never had someone so deep inside her, and the pressure on her bladder was more than she expected. She was now terrified she might lose control, and held still. Unfortunately Henry did not know, and although she stayed still he began to move. As her body accommodated his length, the feel of him moving inside her was so amazing she began to slide up and down again moaning softly and kissing him with deeply with sloppy wet kisses as the tempo and rhythm increased.

Oh God she had never felt this way before, and when Henry grabbed her tight round butt and began to thrust deeper and harder and faster inside her, Lee gave into the feeling of being fucked hard and well. She gave in to her lust and moved with every thrust. She felt her orgasm build, and as her muscles contracted hard, sending chills and thrills through her, she was mortified to feel a squirt of pee escape her. She held still, her breath caching in her throat terrified at how he would react, or if he would feel it at all.

Henry was thrusting deep and hard, loving the feeling of holding on to Lee's firm round butt, using his hold to control the tempo and rhythm, knowing he was close to cumming again, when he felt a hot wetness against him and then drops seeping out past his cock and dripping on his balls. His eyes flew open and he went «oh».

Lee leaned down and whispered «Oh God I am sorry so so sorry» into Henry's ear.

«for what?» he whispered back, smiling. «its fucken awesome, you squirt?» he asked. Lee was unsure if she should be honest or not, because she could and did squirt, but this was not that it was a full bladder. She found herself nodding. «Ohhh God» Henry moaned and pulled her closer, his lips finding hers as his hands moved her up and down on him. «Do it again please» he asked softly «cos I love it»~! Lee could not believe her ears, and she smiled and relaxed and let him fuck her deep as he held tightly onto her butt and moved her up and down. She felt her orgasm build and gave into it, loving the feeling of her bladder releasing hot wet waves of golden wetness as she came hard and long and shudderingly. As she felt the delightful feeling of her bladder release at the same time as she came, she heard Henry moan softly and lift her up so her golden stream flooded his hard cock and balls before he was once again sliding up again inside her against the stream and moaning.

As her orgasm subsided, Henry continued stroking and began playing with her nipples and kissing her again and she could tell he was still hard. Obviously he was not yet ready to cum, and she was amazed but delighted as Henry began to make his movements slower and gentler. He rolled her over again without slipping out of her, and she revelled in the fact she was lying in the hot wet patch of her own pee as Henry lifted her legs up straight onto his shoulders and continued thrusting inside her. She closed her eyes and gave in to the wonderful feeling of him inside her, and his hot wet kisses, the touch of his hands on her sensitive nipples...

What Lee most enjoyed though was the fact that for the first time EVER she was having sex with someone who enjoyed her squirting, enjoyed the wetness and the mess, and she could relax. Henry pulled out and whispered «wet me, come on, shower my cock please» and Lee smiled and pushed and released a small powerful squirt against his cock and balls. «Ohhh God I love that» Henry moaned and Lee smiled again as he slid inside her. «I love feeling the squirt build up against me inside you,» he whispered in her ear. «Fuck this is SO hot» and Lee replied by pushing down again and letting a steady stream of hot wetness flood from her as Henry moaned and thrust harder and deeper.

Lee let herself relax completely and felt a second orgasm build as she let a steady stream from her bladder. Henry thrust harder and faster and they could hear the wet squelchy sounds as he pounded hard into her and pulled out of her again. Lee threw her head back and moaned loudly while Henry said «fuck, fuck fuuuck» and she felt his cock buck inside her and as her toes curled and she felt his cum fill her until it slipped out from between them with her juices. Lee's legs wrapped around him and held him inside her while her orgasm rose and fell and rose and fell again and finally subsided.

Henry bucked and moved inside her as he came again, and when he finished and finally softened and slipped out Lee once again licked him clean making him moan softly with each movement of her tongue. Finished at last, Henry fell forward onto the bed next to her and again moved his arms around her to pull Lee to him. Lee lay against him, tired, sated, amazed, and let him hug her tightly as he told her how amazing she was. She turned and snuggled against him so she could stroke him softly and she watched him doze off for a while, as her own eyes closed and she too slept for a few minutes.

She woke as he moved, kissing her again. As he pulled her to her feet she pulled a face at the wet messiness of the bed, and was glad she had bought a mattress protector. As Henry moved into the lounge, naked and gorgeous, to have a cigarette she stripped the bed and loaded the washing machine. She wrapped herself in a towel and went to join Henry. He looked at her and as she got near he pulled and opened the towel. «Why are you hiding yourself?» he asked his green eyes finding her dark brown ones. She flushed

«I - I just felt...» Lee stammered.

«Well don't,» Henry interrupted softly, his green eyes tender. «You are beautiful, sexy, and the most vibrant woman I have ever met, you are a brilliant person, brilliant to be with, and you should not hide anything ever. You are also an awesome lover». Lee smiled.

«I do not see myself that way,» she said shyly, looking down. Henry used a finger to lift her face again.

«Well one day I hope to prove to you how beautiful you are, make you see yourself through my eyes», he said gruffly. «Now,» he said pulling Lee to her feet again. «Let's go get into a hot steamy shower, shall we?»

As Lee let Henry lead her away she wondered where this was going, if she could ignore the age difference and let it develop. She knew this, Henry had got under her skin very quickly, and the fact that he loved wet sex play was a major turn on, and she felt she could really be herself with him, plus oh my he was gorgeous too... and her smile deepened at the thought of where a hot steamy shower might lead...

