Peeing in front of a date

25th May 2011, 09:47 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

There was a thread on here a short while back titled "Would you pee on a date". I was tempted to post this true story there, but felt it deserved a thread of its own.

I was out on a date some years back and we'd gone to the water's edge to watch a sunset. We'd brought along a large bottle of wine and sat down on the rocks. As the evening went on, we watched the sky color change from orange to purple to black and continued pouring ourself many glasses as we were deep in conversation.

We moved seamlessly from one topic to the next and had lost track of how late it was. It was only as she had begun to tell a long story that I realized we had been out here for a few hours. Or, at least my bladder had, when its urgency came on almost at once.

I squirmed and shifted where I was sitting on the rocks, hoping a new position would take the pressure away. It didn't and a couple minutes later I asked her if I could step away to pee. She told me to stay seated so she could finish the story. I told her I really needed to go. She said if I had to I could unzip and take advantage of my male anatomy (hmmm... seems she did have penis envy ), just so long as I sat by her and saw the story through to the end.

We'd gone out a few times before and were approaching the point where we'd seen most all of one another. Well, maybe not quite everything! Now, I'd gotten over my shyness a few years before, but still it was a little awkward for me to pull myself out and pee with her sitting only three feet away. Of course, maybe it was because I'm not used to sitting down to pee.

But, out of necessity, I let loose into the rocks a few feet below, all the while looking into her face as she continued telling her story, apparently more interested in the recounting than my actions. Even as I shook off the last drops, she never showed more than the slightest indication of amusement.

Too bad! I was hoping she would join me in the ritual, but I think she had drank far less wine than I. She finally finished up her story (seemed I was almost full again by the time it was over) and shortly afterward we headed home. While I continued dating her for a few more times, I never saw her take any interest in pee.

