Reality peeing party (December 19, 2009)

21st December 2009, 02:25 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

As you may recall my husband Josh and I are fortunate to be associated with a small group of friends into peeing. Including ourselves eight couples make up the group, however only about six couples seem to make our parties which occur about every four to six weeks or so. At 24 (me) and 26) Josh are the youngest (and newest) members of the group. Two couples are in their 60's one or two intheir late 30's, most are in their 40's.

This was our 6th party and it began like most of the others with a rather innocent looking invitation for this past Saturday which simply stated "Holiday Sports Party at the home of Mr. and Mrs. XXXX XXXXXXX Please all to RSVP" I'm not sure why but people we have met who are into various forms of peeing seem to refer to it as a "sport". Maybe its a code word for use in public. Not many of us want to be overheard talking about a pee party.

Anyway, like we have done before we called the host couple to RSVP. The wife told me this party was going to be just a bit different than others as holding or desperation peeing would be the main theem although as always all other kinds would be acceptable. We were instructed on what kind of food and beverages to bring and share.

About Tuesday Josh and I began to gather our "party gear" and toss in into a gym bag. We each take two extra pairs of sweats, an old pair of what we call "party shoes" extra socks, shampoo, deoderant, soap, several towels and a hairdrier. The Thursday before Both of us begin consuming extra liquids, mostly in the form of water. OK, I'll be honest this time for me it was coffee or hot tea, due to the cold weather. By Friday evening Josh and I are up to about 9 glasses of liquids. On Saturday before we leave for the party we have each consumed another 9 glasses or so.

The party which began at 8:00 PM began like all others with much socalizing and small talk. The differance was this time it was a contest to see who couled hold out the longest before ahving to go. Everyone was given an opportunity to visit the bathroom just before 8 o'clock. After sharing pee stories and adventures for about an hour the host put on a DVD of a girl peeing, something called a pee complication I think. I dont remember. Anyhow it had to be made ofer several days because it was an hour long and showed her peeing many many times. The gold flowed for at least 55 out of the 60 minutes. I really wonder how many individual times she went, and over how many days. I'll never be able to pee like her, one time she must ahve went for a full two and a half minutes!

Just before the movie was over several friends began to squirm a bit, You know how it is, first you think to yoursekf "ok, I'm going to have to go maybe in 30 minutes or so" Next its more like "" got to go real soon". At this time the squirming begins and you get uncomfortable. Our dear friend Marilyn (told you about her on the last post) who always gets dressed up and gets off peing peed on while fully dressed was the first to "cave" in. She just sat there and unloaded. Next was the 60 year of guy who said he was within 60 seconds. Marylin asked him to pee on her. She never removes or changes any wet clothing, her thing is to get drenched and stay that way. Within the next 20 minutes two other couples "caved" one the husband got naked while both his and the other wife stood over him. Before the wifes were finished the other husband took his aim also.

Just as the women were getting in position I began to undress. My thing is to be naked whie peeing. We'll talk about this in another post sometime. Josh, seeing me undress hurried and undressed too and laid down on the floor, I know what he loves and stood directly over his face to oblige him. He managed to hold off till I was finished, I sat on the floor while he let loose in my mouth. I let it run down all over me. Before Josh was finished another wife offered to repeat my act for him which he loved. As he got drenched a second time her husband soaked me without bothering to undress. Withing 30 minutes everyone had peed and continued to consume liquids. Josh, myself and four others used the homemade open shower set up in the middle of the basement over the drain. Josh and I (who are nudists) remained totally naked, most put on either sweats or a robe. Marilyn of course stayed in her black skirt and silk blouse. Yeah guys, she was bralless!

While we were eating others left the table to pee. Generaly everyone deserted the table to watch, then returning when the show was over. The evening continued this wat, someone ahd to go, everyone watched, then the small talk about family, jobs, Christmas plans etc, continued. Pee movies ran in the background and were the subject of several conversations.

About midnight Josh and I showered a last time. I washed my hair in the open shower and dried it in full view of everyone before dressing in a clean pair of sweats. Others headed for the other bathrooms to shower before changing one last time. Marilyn? - well she wore a raincoat home and her husband put plastic on the seat and floor of the car for her. She didn't even bring a towel with her!

More next time, Emily and Josh

