Just a Midnight Swim

6th March 2011, 05:35 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Last night was one of those typical hot, humid nights we get at the coast. I woke from a dream only half remembered, that faded like broken spider's web strands as consciousness gained strength. I had tangled in my sheets, my curly hair in disarray, a slight sheen of sweat on my brow and chest, my bladder slowly painfully awakening and squealing at me that it was full.

I untangled my legs and rolled onto my back, staring at the high beams of my old house, which creaks it's age with every and any slight waft of air. I heard the familiar comforting buzz of the fan and felt its soft breath, cool against my hot skin. My hand idly moved down and gently rubbed my distended bladder, the movement and awareness of my fullness making me tingle deliciously in hot, forbidden places~!

I lay a while, but the stickiness and my full bladder, and the alertness of hitherto sleeping hounds, now awake and panting hot breath at me, made me realise I had to get up. "Let sleeping dogs lie" they say, and "they" are right. Once awakened mine take forever to settle again. I groaned and they yipped in excitement, and I got somewhat groggily to my feet. I slipped my feet into slippers - which is where I think the name comes from and walked from my room.

My dogs followed, then pushed passed and led me as I went down the passage, my bladder bleating at my refusal to stop at the open toilet door. Instead I waddled by, and made my way down the stairs. My hair had come loose in my slumber, and tumbled against my shoulders, and I felt heat prickle the back of my neck. I opened the door to let the dogs out, deftly holding back the cats - no way I would get them inside if they got out now.

Closing the door I made my way past the dining room and the living room to the glass doors there. I unlatched and slid the door open, sliding it quickly shut behind me. I felt a night breeze on my naked skin, and revelled in its feel. My eyes adjusted to the darkness as I walked the familiar area between the door and my pool steps and slipped off my slippers.

I stood on the top step then slowly stepped down into the cold water, it's cool wetness seeping into my soul as I entered its watery embrace. Reaching the last step meant the water was breast height and I sighed and gasped as the cold water closed its hands over my breasts, instantly making my small rosy nipples hard.

I walked further and before I reached the deep end the water was hugging my neck. I slid under its glassy surface, into its womb-like welcoming wetness, its cold touch delighting every inch of my body, my hair floating around me, like a dark red cloud. In water my hair is straight and sleek, and I looked up at it and smiled. Only water tames the wildness of my flamed hair.

I broke the surface, causing ripples and bubbles to explode around me. Water is so rejuvenating, and I lay on my back, looking at the stars in the velvety dark night air, my body carried and buoyed by the water. My hand rubbed my tummy, as the other found my hardened nipple.

The touch on my nipple sent cold-hot shivers through my body, and my bladder cramped a complaint against my hand. My hand slid down, gently stroking the cleft it found between the soft floaty red pubes. I put my feet down now, legs splayed, as my finger found its way between my labia and touched hot wet slickness. I moaned softly, sighing on the breeze as the movement opened my pussy lips and my hot molten funnel was kissed with cold water. My finger played expertly with my swollen clit, while the other played with my nipple.

I moved so i could lay back against the steps, feet on the bottom step, knees akimbo, stars *****ling down at me, as other stars began to explode in my mind, and electric shocks of pleasure ran through me. My fingers slid inside me, deep, feeling cold and hot wetness, while my thumb lazily circled a swollen warm clit, and other fingers tweaked a nipple almost painfully. The fullness of my bladder, and images of a starlit lover brought waves of lapping orgasm close to me, and I knew I was close to the edge.

As my fingers found that sweet spot deep inside my hot tight pussy, as my breast ached to be suckled by a tender mouth, I relaxed and felt the warm bounty of my bladder flow over my fingers. My other hand left my breast without thought to cup the warm golden treasure as it flowed from me.

The act of releasing and the sensation of my fingers deep inside my tght velvety pussy, brought me nicely over the edge and I moaned out loud, my toes curled, my legs straightened, and my thighs forced my hand to stay put deep inside, increasing the pressure inside me and on my clit as I orgasmed. I felt more warmth expelled from me as my thighs, toes, and tummy clenched and waves of pleasure overtook my senses.

As the waves subsided and my breathing slowly returned, I lay there for a while, enjoying that after orgasm feeling. Then I stood, dived shallowly from the steps and swum underwater, once again cooling my heated body. I splashed for a while like a kid, then returned to the steps, emerging from it with water dripping off my body, the moon and starlight making it glisten in the places where it stuck to my skin.

I stood by the edged, twisting my hair to get rid of the water it held, amazed how it started to curl the minute the air touched its silken strands. I sluiced excess water from my hair and skin, shook my head a little like a wet dog, and stood for a few minutes, enjoying the night air on my cool wet skin, feeling sensuous drops run the length of my body before landing at the growing puddle under my feet.

I knew I had cum so intensely that my bladder had not been anywhere near empty yet, and so I leaned back a little, pelvis thrust forward, my hands opening my pussy lips, lifting my peehole a little for aim, and pushed on my bladder. I giggled delightedly as a gleaming stream arced from me and landed in the pool, lit by stars and moonlight I thought it was quite pretty, and it felt good too. As my bladder emptied it waned and wobbled, and an errant trickle ran down my thigh, joined by drips of pool water.

I rubbed my clit, as I always do, and used a finger to release any gold drops caught in my nether curls. Idly I sucked my finger clean and turned, opened the door and went inside. I let the dogs in, and walked upstairs, skin damp and glistening still, but not wet, my hair releasing small trickles down over my rounded butt as I climbed the stairs.

Upstairs I towel dried my hair a little and tied the wild curls into submission, then I lay down naked on my bed, my hands sliding down my now cool skin, as the fan blew softly against me, causing goosebumps to break out and my nipples to harden again. I moaned at the dogs to settle down, felt the cats jump on the bed, and lay there, one hand on a breast, the other on my damp curly mound, and I surrendered to the dark cloudiness of dreams once again~!

Nothing beats a midnight swim~!

