Summer camp

22nd September 2009, 08:44 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

I don't know yet if I am straight, bi or lesbian. Mainly because I have not had sex yet. I like making out with boys, but sometimes I fantasise about other girls too. At guide camp last month I was paired with a girl called Maria. Maria is something of a loner. Her family are ultra strict Catholics and Maria doesn't have much in the way of fun I don't think.

On the last afternoon, Maria and I were on a map reading exercise. The weather was hot and we were trying to make out the directions and follow the route we had been given. As we walked we talked about everything including boys, periods, the usual girly stuff. I guess I was getting horny becuase I hadn't masturbated the whole time we were on the campsite. (No privacy whatsoever.) Maria told me that she masturbated every day and that her parents would kill her if they found out.

Then, as we walked Maria told me she needed to pee. I said she should find herself a bush and go for it because we were at least an hour away from the camp. Maria shrugged and said "I'll do it here." She lifted her skirt and tugged her panties down to her knees. I could see that she was obviously quite wet. Then she squatted and let herself pee. I stood close to her and was really aroused by not only the sight of her peeing, but the sight of her cum stains on her panties too. I said "Hey, I need to go too." (I just wanted her to see my pussy) I pulled down my panties and squatted in front of her.

As I peed, Maria said "Mmm you shave?" (I have always shaved. I HATE pubic hair and the way it gets all matted up when your horny.) I muttered "Yeah". Then, as we both squatted there, Maria reached out her hand and touched my pussy. I was still wet with pee and I was shocked when Maria put her fingers from my pussy into her mouth. "Aren't you tasting my pee?" I asked. "Yeah.. I love it. It's always been a fantasy of mine to be peed on. Now, this was the last possible thing I thought Maria would EVER say. In the next few seconds we were in each others arms, knickers around our knees, kneeling on the grass kissing and fingering each other.

Now I said "You know, I think I could pee some more." Maria lay on her back and I knelt over her face and let it go real slow. I felt her push her hand between my legs and between hers and she was masturbating furiously as I peed. Then, after she had cum I felt her fingers against my ass. I was rubbing my clit by now and feeling pretty close. Maria pushed a wet finger in my bum and I orgasmed really hard. We stayed right where we were and fooled around for another hour and we were the last pair to get back to camp.

That night we snuck out of our tent and into the woods where we peed on each other and fingered each other off again. I also got to taste Maria and I guess that makes me at least bi because holy SHIT I would do that again. Later that night I got into my sleeping bag and rubbed myself sore thinking about being with Maria and what it would be like to eat her out after she had been fucked. DAMN I am horny now!

