Mary's Diary - 5 - Starbucks

12th June 2010, 04:58 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Hi everyone

It took me some times to decide how to properly continue this story. The problem was not that I lacked ideas, the problem is to organize them coherently.

I hope you enjoy this fifth chapter as much as the previous four. As always if you ever spot a glaring mistake please let me know, English not being my mother tongue I expect a fair number of them went unnoticed.

Mary's Diary - 1 - Opening

Mary's Diary - 2 - Jenny and the gardener

Mary's Diary - 3 - Saturday's Crazy Morning

Mary's Diary - 4 - Model Houses visit

*****

We traipsed toward the mall and went inside to the cinema complex. Unfortunately, even though we were there in time all the tickets had been sold out for this seance. Jenny pouted and mum sighed. Amy giggled like a younger girl and proposed another film: some Z thing with zombies and bad special effects. Still a bit dejected I didn't opposed. Mum smiled and said it would remind her of her youth. Amy rolled her eyes at me and I stiffled a laugh. We bought the tickets and since the seance didn't begin before a good forty minutes, we decided to treat ourselves to a friandise at Starbucks.

There weren't many people in the Starbucks, so we were able to claim four armchairs and slouch ourselves. I sat myself near the wall, beside mum and facing Jenny who ended in the corner. We dug in our assortment of cakes and cookies while sipping our coffees. I had a latte myself. Since we had some time we began planning our shopping session afterward. There was a few shops mum wanted to go to, and Jenny and I convinced her we could be trusted to go to some shops on our own, thanks to Amy. I think mum feared a bit that I would not be able to control Jenny, but I seriously doubt that anyone could anyway. And mum was keen to have some time to herself to hang around with her friend I guess.

I relaxed and slowly drifted away, eyes unfocused. The discussion was still going on around me, but I didn't really get the meaning now, slowly sipping my latte.

Suddenly I startled. I realized I had been out for a few minutes, though I would be hard pressed to say how many. Amy and mum were very engaged in a discussion of their own and neither ever paid any attention to me as I came back to my senses. I dabbed at my eye slowly and looked toward Jenny. She winked at me and I smiled good naturely, obviously she had seen me drifting. Suddenly Jenny whipped her head sharply toward the entrance and I turned too, trying to get a look at what attracted her attention. There were a few people milling about but I couldn't see anything worth. Still I was a bit bleary-eyed so I took some time to encompass the whole room while shaking sleep out of me.

Finally I turned toward Jenny, intent on asking her what she had seen, but a look at her face and I frozed. She had this gleaming in her eyes that told me she was up to no good. My blood suddenly pumped faster and I was fully awakened in a second. I quickly darted my eyes back toward the counter and the other customers, but no one was even looking at us. I looked at Jenny. She was very much intent on being naughty. She slowly pulled her coat over her lap, surely to help disguise her activity...

My mind was in overdrive. Surely she would not do anything here. I knew she was daring. Hell she always had been and her slash during the visit had been all but discreet even though she got away with it. Certainly it was enough even for the little minx. I was afraid of us getting caught by another customer, or worse the staff, and getting thrown out and embarrassed in front of the mall crowd. But worse of all I was afraid of Amy's reaction. Up until now I had no idea of her own feelings toward this subject. I knew she was mum's friend but mum was always very careful and I think Amy might not know about her little secret.

I was still pondering all this when Jenny acted. Under the cover of the coat in her lap she had undone the button and zipper of her jeans. Now she backed herself away on the seat, toward the wall. But the jean didn't move, stayed by her hands, and so ever so slowly I could see her bum coming into view. Finally she stopped when her hip touched the wall, I could see the top of her tigh and half her bum was hanging over the carpet. The moment had arrived, I cast a glance at Amy, oblivious and still firmly engaged in her discussion with mum; I addressed a silent prayer to whatever god was listenning; I casted my best puppy look at Jenny, whose smile grew larger.

Even though I had expected it, I winced when she began. I saw a few drops falling to the carpet. I inhaled sharply and brassed myself, unable to take my eyes away. The few drops quickly began a small trickle. It pattered lightly on the fabric on the side of the armchair, before dripping to the floor. The plush carpet quickly soaked it up, and for a moment I foolishly hoped it would not show. Of course it was not to be. As the flow increased, ever so slowly, the fabric of the armchair darkened subtly and a wet puddle formed on the carpet. There was still not a sound, or perhaps it was drowned by the music, some natural sounds ambiance melody: "Rain in Amazonia".

Jenny was now going full flow, half her stream was pattering against the side of the armchair while the other half directly went to the floor. The puddle was increasing ever so slowly, and it was already glistenning with her pee. I was becoming frantic. There was no way Amy would not notice, yet still she carried her conversation with mum, seemingly unaware. Jenny was breathing rapidly and I am sure she was getting off right there and then. Finally the stream subsided a little, then it just ended. Jenny pushed herself from the wall and slowly got back in her jeans, always under the cover of her coat. I suppose she grounded herself on the armchair to dry herself. I suddenly realized I had been holding my breath, and I didn't know when I had stopped breathing. I exhaled slowly. Jenny was back in her jeans, no one had noticed it seems, and I suddenly aware that I was probably very red.

I felt mum moved at my side, and she stood up, then looked at Jenny: "If you're finished there, we'd better go to our seance, I would not want to miss it once again"

I tensed, suddenly realizing that mum knew what had happened. I looked sharply at Amy, but she was collecting her coat and bag. Of course mum was much better at noticing such things, having much experience herself, still if Amy had remarked I would die of embarrasment. Of course Jenny acted every bit as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened, which thinking back on it was perhaps the case, it was not that extraordinary for Jenny...

Finally we were ready to go, and I quickly followed mum, eager to get out before anyone came checking on our table. Mum and Amy had wisely gathered the cups and stuff, so that no employee would have any reason to get here before we were way out of the door. Shamed as I was from the behavior of Jenny, I sincerely wished to get away with it. I had barely began walking that Jenny tugged at my sleeve from behind. I looked behind and she whispered in my ear: "Sorry I couldn't help it".

I rolled my eyes at her and she gave a quick jerk of her head toward the table we had abandonned. I followed her gaze and gawked. Amy's seat was soaking and glistening, a bit wet puddle nestled in the crook of the seat. I was completely dumbfounded, eyes wide open. Jenny pushed me, startling me out of my transe. She giggled lightly and kept pushing me as we walked toward the door where Amy and mum were waiting for us, carrying their conversation as if anything was normal. Well, I suppose it figured why Amy played as if she had not remarked anything...

*****

[Back to daemoniak]

Here you are, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did

Feedback is welcome, wicked ideas as well (by PM).

