No piddling in the pool

26th August 2010, 02:24 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

A sequel to an earlier totally fictional tale. I like to ensure you all know when I'm telling true stories or when I am bored witless and desperate for some fun. Maybe one day, someone will take pity on me and come and play??@ Ooh, go on... Anyone want to find their TRUE limit here??

Anyway. Jen, my partner had been turned on by her eventual accident in the paddling pool and had later admitted that it felt good to wet herself. She reckoned too that she had other ideas for games to play - but so did I! I wanted to try and stretch her. To challenge her a little more. See, when she is full, her bladder sends little signals which she can read like a book almost being able to time to the minute just how long she has before having to go. The final and most stringent warning is a quivering; a pulsing of her pee muscles and that's a bit like a 5-minute warning. Pee or I'll pour it out.

And, here and there, we have got into those final few minutes on a walk home from our local pub before actually getting home. SO, how to challenge her? Well, she's not one for random wettings even after that evening in the garden, That was a one-piece swim suit, It's meant to get wet, after all. She said that wetting herself made her feel like a schoolgirl - so maybe play on that a little?...

So one Sunday afternoon, rain hammering down on the windows, a miserable October afternoon, and I am bored! Horny, in need of a tease and my beloived is doing a jigsaw. Oh; and I am SO evil when I am bored and horny. Try me. Really...

"OK, I think we ought to push the limit hon. You are just way too comfortable with all of this and that final 5 minutes is simply TOO much of a giveaway. And 5 minute? Is that really the limit??"

A look, then comprehension.

"Hmmm. I don't think I like the sound of this. So what are we scheming here?"

"Trust me and you'll find out. IF I am right, we'll have some fun and at the same time, you'll end up just making my life that bit more frustrating. First, we should fill you up... That involved a half pint of any cool liquid every 15 minutes, for two hours, with as many pee breaks as were needed. Meantime, I let her continue with the jigsaw while I prepared things in the garage. After two hours have passed, a further two points consumed in the following hour, both alcoholic. No pee breaks. Her bladder, being relaxed and used to being empty, filled up rapidly but this time; no relief.

"OK, hon? You know your bladder so well; give me at least half an hour here? Go and sit on the couch, you can do whatever is needed for thirty minutes, to be honest it's really the last 5 I am interested in, because that's the stretch. When you have maybe 15 minutes left, come into the garage. Meantime, I'll tidy up a bit."

In the garage, the paddling pool sat - empty. Beside it, rolled up on it's mat, the half finished jigsaw, a present from here mother. Jen loves puzzles and this one was proving to be a real challenge, but not as nuch of one as her bladder was to me! I also had with me, her one pair of designer jeans Hipsters, tight across the bladder and expensive! No way would she contemplate wetting these...so she would be wearing them. All teh while, I can feel my cock throbbing I don't need to pee - I am imagining that my punishment will involve getting wet, but for now I am playing hard! Throbbing hard and desperate to cum.

"Alright, darling one - I am here. Let's rock!" Jen came into the garage, and stood there legs crossed. She dipped and bit her lip. The 10 minutes max warning Hawky! Someone has to pee and bloody soon."

Ok babe - so put these on?" I handed her the jeans. These would be far more interesting than the jogging pants she was wearing. Elasticated and baggy; these were no problem for her.

"Hey. these? Come on! I LOVE these jeans." I know - and you'd never wet them. So they are an insurance. Put them on, commando - nothing under, and stand in the pool hon." She complied, down went the jogging pants and her panties in one swift move ad she stepped out of them. Jeans on - one leg first, then crossed her legs tight and gasped. As the other leg went in, I stripped and stood before her, proud and to attention - oh; she had my attention alright! "See? You see and understand what this does for me, right?" I was grinning like that old Cheshire cat and she winked. "Oh, I see - and that's the last time I let it rest on a Sunday afternoon. You are not safe to be left alone with that imagination of yours mister." All the while, she was pee dancing, crossing and uncrossing her legs, dipping at the waist and grabbing herself. I was watching; cock twitching in anticipation.

"In the pool babe. That 5 minute warning must be nigh. "Oh, we are there and a little more!"

"OK then - and here's the challenge. Those jeans will be staying on for another 10 minutes. For the first five of those, no hands; stand and legs apart. Let's work those muscles. One dribble in those jeans and they are toast. Got it? This has to be hard work and the price of failure is high"

Boy, her face! I do swear that, while she knows I Would do anything for her; love her to death, sometimes she would see me dead in an instant. That was one of those times... "NO! You bastard."

"Concentrate Jen - this is important. 5 minutes starts now - legs apart." And for the next five minutes, I stood, just outside of the pool and watched as her thighs trembled, she quivered, her eyes closed; the squeezes shut as she concentrated on holding her pee muscles closed. If I had touched myself, I would, I swear; have cum and shot far enough to have hit her with it! "Oh, Hawk! Shit, I am barely holding here. You make me wet myself and I'll kill you!"

"It won't be me, Jen. YOU will be the one losing control; tell you what? Look at me here. Look at how horny this is making me. If I cum, hands free, before you pee, you get first dibs on all our activities this coming week. And you get to pee as you please all week. That means I have to seriously concentrate too because this is TOO fucking horny for words. OK, htat's 5 minutes; 5 more and you may hold now. Do whatever you need to, but stay standing."

So, again for five minutes, a sort of stalemate. I had to concentrate on anything other than orgasm as she grabbed, pranced and tiptoed around the confines of the paddling pool in an attempt to stay dry. Those jeans were not going to get wet. More than once, she dipped and came close to kneeling as the urge grew and grew. We were into unknown territory now - she had never managed to hang on for this long after her bladder muscles had issued their final warning. In fact, once or twice as we wandered home from the pub, the warning had come and we were actually on the doorstep as the five minutes came up - she had (fortunately in a skirt) simply squatted on the lawn, yanked her panties aside and pee had burst forth as if she had turned a tap on full blast!

"Well done Jen, that's the full ten minutes; you can take them off now please. Step out of the pool for a minute" As my final word hit home, she glared at me; but got out of the pool and managed somehow, to remove the jeans. Stamping them off, using her feet rather than bending down to remove them; keeping one hand between her legs all the time.

Meantime, I slipped the rolled up jigsaw in the pool and unravelled it.

"In you get hon. No worries about leaks now, you aren't wearing the jeans and you won't be wetting yourself - schoolgirl or otherwise; simply letting it out - but I'm not sure you will want to..."

Both hands between her legs and barely able to stand, she got back in and yelled at me "Get that OUT of here! Hawk, by Christ I am going to rip your fucking balls off if you don't move that puzzle." Holding frantically and unable to remain still, she was, I sensed, truly close to giving in. So what to do??"

Prove to me that you really are losing it babe. Stand over the puzzle, legs open, let go with both hands and should you lose even a drop, I'll move it. OK?"

"I am going to fucking piss all over it"

"I don't think so - you could hardly tell your mum that your new favourite puzzle was ruined because you wet yourself all over it, and that's what I am banking on here. YOU can hold just a little longer; because the puzzle is at stake."

Jen planted a foot to one side of the unrolled puzzle; then carefully, holding herself hard, moved her other foot to the opposite side. She closed her eyes; breathed in deeply and slowly removed her hands from her pussy. I stood watching and almost immediately, her cunt muscles became visible and shivered. Her thighs quivered as if she was freezing. Her hands clenched by her sides were just waiting for the inevitable as that first trickle escaped, but as she looked down at her treasure; somehow despite all the quivering, no pee escaped.

"Hawk listen carefully, I want you to remove the puzzle right now; This is not going to be a trickle then a gush, I am going to explode and it will all come out at once. You have 10 seconds. I can feel it coming - do it NOW!" Hard, horny and sensible to a fault. That's me when I need to be. I leapt in to the pool, dived to my knees and rolled up the puzzle, tying it securely before turning and pitching it out of harms way. As I turned back to face her again, the dam broke. The red sea parted, if you like! Auburn haired between her legs; Jen's bush parted and as I watched transfixed, her pee simply burst forth.

She pulled her pussy lips upward and aimed squarely at me - I got the lot in my face and she damn near drowned me! Hot, odourless and clear - thanks to most of it being water - it crashed against me hard. Sensing that I might actually drown; she grabbed herself again with one hand, crossed her legs hard and managed somehow to regain control, before kneeling and pushing me onto my back.

"Bastard. Now, mister. I am still at least half full here and I am going to fuck you. You cum first and that offer of yours is still valid. Meantime, I am going to fuck you so hard you bastard. I want my fill. I want to cum until I can no longer move and YOU are going to let me. Even if I piss on you all over again; if you lose control, I get my prize.

I lay there, in rapidly cooling pee and simply mouthed 'OK" by response. She grabbed my cock, squeezed and, oh boy, damn near brought me off there and then! With a grin, she knelt above me and lowered herself on to me. Trust me; at various points over the next 20 minutes, I had to think of some most un-sexlike things in order to remain in control. See - her bieng desperate to pee is a turn on. Her riding me, leaning back and rubbing her clit as she concentrates only upon herself; that is a massive turn on too. But a bet is a bet... Oh and I hate to lose!

As she finally relaxed, sated and exhausted, she lifted herself slightly until just the tip of me was inside of her. "I could have made you cum too if I had wanted to you know... But I was having fun and a girl is entitled to fuck herself raw should she choose." Of course, darling. Do I get to cum now too??"

"A draw. OK? I stopped because I still badly need to pee - so call it a draw and you get to cum in my shower"

"A draw, but you hold me? rub me against your slit and make me cum when you pee. I like that"

She rubbed the tip of my cock against her pussy lips and - she knows me do well; as she could feel me losing control (and I could not rein things in this time) she raised herself, sped up with her stroking and let her pee rain down on me! I spurted hard up against her as she poured her water down on me; then increased her flow as I subsided, and boy, did she have some to lose! She must have been absolutely desperate when standing over that puzzle.

