Date day

27th August 2013, 09:07 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Tammy and I had our weekly date night yesterday. We actually started early in the afternoon by going to a local winery. It was a beautiful day and Tammy was dressed so cute. She had on a light yellow summer dress, white ankle socks with black patten shoes and her hair was done up in pig tails. If the sun was just right you could see right through her dress easily seeing her white cotton panties underneath. She made sure the sun was just right every chance she got. Lol.

We had a tasting and afterwards got a couple of glasses and a cheese tray and went out to set on the lawn. Several other people were setting or milling around. I think she chose our seats it on purpose because another couple was already setting on the lawn just down the hill from us. The place Tammy chose for us afforded the man a good view up her skirt … if he looked and Tammy set just right. He did and she did. LOL again. Tammy started her game with him immediately after catching his eye. I watched the man as he stole glances at her panties. His lady friend had her back to us and he was doing his best not to get caught looking as they talked. I told Tammy she was sure making that man's day. She just smiled at me. Instantly the sexual tension started to build between us. This was going to be a great day.

«Are you ready for some fun?» She asks. «I'm always ready.» I replied. «I'm going to pee my panties. Watch his face.» She said. Soon as the man was looking at her again. You could tell he was planning for a quick glance but suddenly did a double take. Tammy giggled and spread her legs just a little more. For a moment I'm sure he didn't believe what he was seeing. I wanted to see too, but from my vantage point could not see up her dress. She had the sexiest look on her face though. She was looking straight into his eyes as she slowly let her pee soak through her panties and the back of her dress, watering the grass where she set. She was looking at the man as if she was making love to him right there. Suddenly the women said something to him and his attention was drawn back to her.

«Boy that makes me so hot.» Tammy said in a sultry voice. Before I could respond the woman looked back in our direction and gave Tammy a questioning gaze. I was momentarily afraid she was going to make a scene but instead she smiled sweetly at Tammy and then at me. Tammy waved and smiled back. The woman then winked at us, got up and taking her man by the hand led him in our direction. I was amused at the look on his face. He looked as if he had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. «Well», she said as they approached. «You, young lady, have sure set a fire going in Tom here.» «Sorry, said Tammy, I'm afraid I'm a bit of a tease». «Oh no, said the lady. Don't be sorry. I haven't seen Tom this excited in a long while. We have to hit the road in a short time but can we join you for a few?»

I noticed Tammy had closed her legs and was setting like a proper lady. I think, she too, thought she was in trouble. The lady saw this and laughed. «Relax, she said to Tammy. I just want to play a little myself.» With that she looked me over. «So… Tom got his show. What about mine?» she asks. I looked at Tammy and she was smiling as if daring me. I smiled back at Tammy then ask the lady what she had in mind. «Well, Tom here got to watch as your lady sprinkled the grass through her panties

. I think it only fair you do the same for me.» I smiled and told her I did need to pee. «Do it» both her and Tammy said simultaneously. They looked at each other and we all broke out laughing. Whatever tension that had remained disappeared with that.

The decision was easily made. I love wetting myself and doing it in front of willing onlookers just turns me on that much more. I had been saving up for awhile in anticipation of our date, so starting was no problem. I spread my legs and setting comfortably I slowly let go. The wet spot in my jeans started growing and soon it was flowing down over my balls and wetting my ass before soaking into the grass. «Can you stop?» the lady asks. «Sure» I said, wondering what she had in mind.

«Undo your pants. I want to see your underwear.» She said. I looked around and, although there were other people around, no one seemed to be paying attention. I had just bought some new white nylon boxer briefs and was glad I chose them to wear today. The lady sighed as my wet underwear came into view. The white nylon was see through and my hard dick was outlined quite nicely. «Go head, she said. Finish wetting now. «The look of lust in her eyes was tantalizing as I released the rest of my piss into my underwear. I glanced down and watched as it pored through my briefs and down through my undone jeans. I was getting harder as the need to pee eased up and, by the time I was finished, had a full fledged hard on. I glanced at Tammy. She was looking from the lady to me as if she was the proudest women on the planet.

Tom was more focused on Tammy and I noticed she was once again setting so he could steal glances at her wet panties. I was hoping we might continue the fun with this couple, but soon after I finished the lady announced they must leave. «My name is Cindy by the way.» We will be back here next Sunday afternoon and we want have to leave so soon.» she said, as they walked away. Tammy and I watched them leave and set talking and replaying the events as we finished our wine. She reviled that she had wet herself again for Tom as I was putting on my show for Cindy.

We noted that Tom had never said a word the whole time. We are guessing she must be dominant. After finishing our wine and cheese we decided on our next destination of the day. I thought maybe we should wait till the coast was clear before walking to our car. Tammy, however, stood up and took me by the hand. We walked to our car proudly showing off our wet asses to anyone that cared to look. Our afternoon and evening of wetting had only just begun but we were sure off to a good start.

