The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 10, Pt 2

19th September 2006, 06:42 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the final part of Chapter 10. I didn't post it before because I was dissatisfied with the writing. This is my best shot. Reread the first part of Chap 10 before this second part, It'll help.

Chapter 11 is about Julie and needs a ton of work.

Chapter 12 is about Linda and Carol washing Linda's new car and is kind of cute. I think they are so sexy.

As always these characters are fictional but based on real people.

Here goes:

Chapter 10, part 2

Off to one side of the path was an old wooden pick-nick table. Katie stopped, eyeing the bench next to it and looked at her friends. «Just a second, you guys I really can't wait any longer, please wait a second for me.»

Before she turned to sit on the bench, Nancy saw that the wet crescent on the seat of Katie's suit had grown much larger and was already taking on a slight yellowish tinge. The evidence suggested that she must have been dribbling pee for sometime. When she sat down Nancy could also see that her mound was soaking and discolored. The insides of her legs were wet and Katie smiling at her friends, just said. «I can't wait, I'm going here».

Nancy finally agreed that it was the best thing to do and knelt on the grass before settling back on her ankles. As soon as Nancy parted her knees Ginger listened, hearing a slight hissing sound. She moved next to the table to stand imperiously in front of her two friends while smiling down at them, her legs also slightly spread. An obvious wet stain surrounded her love mound. The girls looked up and were only now realizing that Ginger had probably never intended to wait. Nancy and Katie laughed at what they could have predicted. The two of them finished and stood up, reaching around and pulling there wet suits over their butts. All three turned and headed for the boat dock.

Here were three grown women sexily dressed in their swimsuits, walking down the path and all three obviously having wet themselves. Ginger was actually smiling, thinking about the ease with which she'd gotten her friends to do something that at the beginning of the summer would never even have gotten considered. She was thinking back over the previous couple of months and wasn't even concerned about the wet stain arching over the double crotch band of her own blue bikini. Anyone looking at her, walking along the path could easily tell that, this beautiful women had just peed in her pants. There was no way the yellowed stain on her butt was from water either.

Ginger obviously didn't care and was thinking about her friend's predicament. Katie was the wettest and was actually looking a little guilty as she used her two fingers to reach around and stretch her one piece over her bottom testing the fabric as she did so. She looked back at Ginger who only returned a smile and said, «Don't worry about it, after all, I know you've done it before». Maybe she had «done it before» and it was true that this was not the first time that she had walked the dock after wetting. This time, though, she «felt wet' and after glancing down at the shape of the wet stain covering her mound decided there could be no other explanation. Everyone who looked could tell that she had just peed in her swimsuit.

Nancy was also looking at Katie and realized that while her own wetting had mostly confined itself to her butt, her stained turquoise bikini also attracted attention. Especially the way people checked her out after looking at Katie and Ginger. Nancy's only salvation was the brevity of the little bikini and the way it tied at the sides. If it wasn't for her two friends she might have even gotten away with peeing herself. She didn't mind the wetness as she walked to the dock and the sly knowing smiles she received made her feel kind of sexy. Katie walked in front of the others until they reached the boat and Nancy had a chance to notice the high water mark that reached the middle of Katie's ass. When she turned to step into the boat she looked at Nancy and could only say, «Everyone saw, huh?»

Ginger heard Katie's comment and started laughing, «Oh god you guys, don't worry about it. You would think that no one here has ever seen a girl pee. We just had to go that's all». As Ginger said this, she was casually reaching down to pull her wet bikini loose from her pussy lips. «I think we should just pretend like it's no big deal».

Nancy laughed at that one and said while looking at Ginger, «yea, we know it happens to at least one of us every day, doesn't it.» Ginger couldn't help rolling her eyes and they all started laughing. «Come on you guys lets go for a quickie ride, look the boat cooler still has a couple of beers.»

The half hour ride around the lake was fun and the girls used the time to check out the Holiday partying going on nearly everywhere. A lot of the boats on the lake were ski boats or party boats and unusually crowded with people. Katie noticed that just about everyone was near their age and had a beverage of some sort in their hand. She didn't see many people brave enough to get in the water though and wondered if anyone did like she did and took a short cut to pee.

The vibration of the boat caused Ginger to spill a little more as they weaved in and out of the other partiers. It warmed her pussy before soaking her seat and running off to the floor of the boat. She was still marveling at the way her friends were accepting her toilet practices. The conversation changed back to their peed swimwear as they slowed to return to the slip.

«My suit isn't completely dry, do you think I'll be noticed. Oh God, Ginger, look, yours hasn't dried at all.» Katie stood after she parked the boat and Nancy got out to tie up. She reached around again to stretch her suit over her butt, in the process checking the extent of the wetness. She also ran her finger along her pussy realizing that her suit was recessed slightly in her lips. Katie new she was still quite wet, but decided if Ginger was going back up to the entertainment area, she was to. They decided they better return to claim their spot by the cooler and started along the path. Katie and Ginger lead the way with Nancy following. Their attention was quickly drawn to the people at the bar where a couple of guys were in an argument. A shoving match started but was promptly brought under control by two bouncers. This attracted the girls and they decided to stop and order a beer to quench their thirst. They weren't that many left in the cooler.

Nancy could not get used to the way her two friends could so easily mingle in public after having wet their pants. She new it didn't mean anything to Ginger and thought that she didn't even count peeing in her swimsuit as wetting her pants. This thing with Katie though was different and it was now the second time that Nancy had seen her walking around in public after wetting. Katie's T-shirt would not reach much past her waist and even though she tried, she could not pull it low enough to cover her wetness. Her suit was a little small and she was constantly pulling it down around her bottom cheeks. Each time she did that it drew someone's attention to the crescent shaped yellow stain covering her seat. The way her suit was drawn into her pussy lips made every man in the place glad he was wearing sunglasses.

They reached the bar and ordered. But when they tried to pay a guy stepped forward with money for the three drinks. The girls smiled, thinking this was fun and decided to hang out for a while. Katie was curious, but when she noticed the insides of Ginger's legs, promptly realized that her friend was probably the reason they didn't have to pay. Her legs glistened with fresh wetness. They talked among themselves, even taking up conversations with others at the bar. They were having a wonderful afternoon and their wet swimwear was forgotten as their bottoms slowly dried. Time passed too quickly. They were enjoying themselves and soon it was evening. Drinks continued coming their way from newly made acquaintances.

Ginger, as usual was the first to notice. «You guys it's starting to get cool let's move over to that volley ball game and collect our stuff. I've had enough to drink.»

Nancy and Katie agreed and said their «good bye's' before taking their last drinks over to the grassy playing field. Several of the guys noticed these ladies wiggling their butts as they walked along the path in their heeled sandals. The one they'd heard was named Ginger still had a half dried arching wet stain covering the seat of her blue bikini. God, this women had a beautiful rounded butt for it too. It was equally clear that her friend Katie's white, one piece had also been peed in at least once during the afternoon. It was dry now, but yellowed and dirty from sitting on bar stools. They couldn't tell for sure about Nancy, but these girls were all sexy and what was more important they knew it. Like nearly everyone on the Isle the girls were wearing sunglasses, allowing them to notice the stares. They were getting a lot of attention, which in turn encouraged them to utilize that special walk that all girls have when they know they're being noticed.

«Let's sit awhile before we return to the cabin.» With Nancy quickly adding, «Gees, I've started dribbling, I really have to pee and right now». She immediately saw smiles spread over Ginger and Katie's faces, the almost imperceptible hissing started even as Katie turned to look down at the «V» between Nancy's legs. When Katie looked, Nancy promptly stopped thinking that she should wait and pee more later.

Ginger admitted that she no longer needed to pee but suggested that they should rest here for a while and take in the sights. The girls settled down next to the cooler. Drinking beer for most of the afternoon was having it's way with Katie. She looked around to see if they were still the center of attention. Pee began spurting past her pussy lips while tickling her little button. It wicked its way up the crack of her ass before soaking into the grass. A smile crossed her face and to distract her friends focused on the girl they knew as Cheryl.

«There's Cheryl you guys. Maybe sometime we should introduce ourselves. If we made friends we could be a part of a larger group and party with them." Katie wanted to say something more about Cheryl to her friends, but just bringing up her name was enough for Ginger and Nancy to check her out.

Just like everyone else on the island the girls were focusing on the center of attention. Cheryl was certainly that and more. Ginger was sure that she was a wetter, just like herself and was excited by any evidence of Cheryl's indiscretions. This women, looked and dressed to be sexy and was still wearing the same aqua colored one piece swimsuit and running shoes. She was now wearing a matching light colored jacket to guard against the cool evening air. It barely reached her waist, leaving her bottom completely exposed as well as the dried evidence of her earlier wetting.

That swimsuit hid nothing and with the way it hugged every little curve, left no doubt for anyone that checked her out. When she changed her stance, while talking to her friends a cleft would appear that divided the lips of her pussy. Surrounding that was the still prominent yellow stain. The discoloration covering her butt was almost a mirror image of her front, except that it had crept past the double crotch band of her swimsuit and half way up her bottom crack. The girls continued watching, Cheryl reached down casually glancing at her mound and sticking a finger from each hand in the crotch of her swimsuit to pull it loose. This lady knew that she was on display, but wasn't the least bit concerned. It was almost as if she new that her beauty enabled her wet her pants if she wanted.

Ginger made a comment about Cheryl's butt causing a smile from Katie and Nancy but giving them a new found confidence. They decided that the island was breaking up and maybe they should return to the cabin and get ready for the dance scheduled that evening at Country Joe's. The girls stood gathering their things.

Nancy couldn't take her eyes away from Katie's butt while they packed. Katie turned to sit on the cooler in order to retie her heeled sandals all the while exposing her crotch and rear along with the most recent evidence of her indiscretion. She also had brought a light jacket but no shorts and there could be no hiding the fact that she had peed herself at least two times. The light color of her suit made the high water mark of each wetting very obvious with the first one dry but yellowed and the second still wet and only tinged in yellow. They collected their things and slowly made their way through the crowd that was moving to the boat dock. They all noticed the guys looking at them from under their sunglasses. The girls couldn't miss several people with their mouths open as they checked out both Ginger's and Katie's obviously urine stained swimwear.

Nancy still really needed to pee and she was sure that since her friends had already «let go» that she would get no sympathy. Several spurts seeped past her pussy lips before they reached the boat, wetting the insides of her legs and the crotch of her turquoise bikini. When she jumped into the boat she used her hand to cup her pussy as a longer spurt slipped out wetting both her hand and the rest of her crotch. She reached over the side of the boat and strained to receive the cooler as Katie handed it to her. It was all too much for her bladder and she felt the rest of her pee trickling down her legs. She glanced around but no one noticed because of her position. In fact, while looking, she noticed that all the people near the dock had their eyes focused on Ginger and Katie standing with their legs slightly spread waiting to get into the boat. She saw that a couple of the watchers were Cheryl and her boy friend eyeing Ginger. A smile was on Cheryl's face.

The return trip was uneventful and when they reached the mooring dock the display was much the same as the previous visit. Only now it was three beautiful girls darting around the dock having obviously wet themselves. They went to the store for snacks, filled the boat with fuel, stored the things they no longer needed and prepared to carry stuff to the cabin. Ginger stood around for most of it just looking beautiful and pulling her stained bikini crotch loose from her butt. The half dried arching stain on Katie's one piece was quite yellowed by now and in the dim light really revealed the shape of her shaved pussy. Nancy's friends said nothing about her freshly wetted panty, having only just noticed and Ginger saying, «see it's not a big deal, you'll get used to it.

They started taking about the dance at Country Joe's.

