Open Door Policy

12th February 2010, 01:56 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Back in the 1970s being single having my own place was great. I lived in a church that was converted into apartments having three floors and 21 apartments inside the old church. I got to know some of the other people in the place in a short time. One was a couple that lived just down from me and the other was a girl that lived next door.

I'll start of with the couple that lived in the end apartment down from me first. Al and Bridget lived together not being married. Al was a security guard and Bridget worked for the state. Like me both of them were influeneced by the hippies of the late 1960s. They had been living together for several years already. Al wore his hair long with a pony tail. Bridget wore her long and had the small wire frame glasses which were very popular and are still today.

I became friends with them and we would party from time to time either in thier apartment or mine. I remeber the first time I was in thier apartment. The three of us shared many common intersets which one of them was music. All of us liked hard rock. You know Jimmy Hendrix,Led Zepplin,Pink Flloyd etc. I had plenty of lps and I brought them over with me.

Now we all were drinking beer and after a time I had to piss and went to use the bathroom. Walking out of the livingroom and to the kitchen like my apartment the bathroom was off the kitchen. One big difference. There was no door! It had ben removed. I had to piss really bad so I went into te bathroom and I did piss but kept my stream above the water in the bowl keeping quiet as I could while I pissed.

I got done and came back out to the livingroom. I sat down and I asked Al why there was o bathroom door. Al and Bridget laughed. Oh I took it off Al said to me. Bridget piped in saying that they had a open door policy. We don't hide anything from each other. I thought about to myself for a few momnets. It made sense to me in that they were a couple and after all living together. Why not! I myself didn't shut my bathroom door either unless I had company.

Well later both Al and Bridget either went and pissed seperatly and from the livingroom I could hear Al or Bridget piss. The loud splashing when Al pissed and the splashing and hissing when Bridget pissed. Then shortly before I was leaving they both went in the bathroom to piss stogether which I heard the soudn of two streams from the bathroom his and hers. Boy would it be nice again to meet a girl that would do that! It had been since leaving the countr to live on my own was the last time that the girl I had beeen going with we would each piss in front of each other. Now hearing Al and Bridget made me think of it and I missed it.

Well it wouldn't be long and it would happen. I used to live on the other side in a back apartment in the church. There was a on going dispute betwen the neighbors on the side I wa living on now and the apartment I was in. To resolve the dispute my landlord asked me and the guy that was in my current apartment if we would switch. We both agreed.

We made the switch moving on a weekend. As I was packing and walking over to my new place a girl came out from the next door apartment and watched me. She also asked if I needed help. I told her that I did so she helped me and I was out of my place by noon time and The guy I switched with already was all packed and she and I helped him with his boxes taking them over to my old place.

The girls name was Tammy. She was a slim brunette which she wore her hair straight and long. She had dark green eyes which I found captivating. She had a great sense of humor. For when we were doing the moving she and I told jokes as we worked and she told some great jokes. Now since it was noon and I was starving I asked Tammy would she like to stay for lunch. She told me she owuld like to very much. So we stopped our unpacking and I started making lunch.

So I made us both some turkey club sanswiches with chips and a pickle. I only had soda which was fine with Tammy so we had large mugs of soda with our lunch. Instead of eating in the kitchen we ate in the livingroom. Tammy saw my stereo system and she wanted some music with lunch. So I asked her what she liked to listen to. She liked rock and hard rock too just like me. So instead of the radio I threw on a tape and we listened to Pink Flloyed while we ate and for awhile after we had finished.

Durring lunch Tammy had brought up in the conversation about seeing me around. I asked her about the neighbors on this side. She told me about Al and Bridget which she knew them both. She told me that they were a nice couple. I found this out later and had described them first in this post. Then after talking for a little bit more Tammy got up and walked out to the kitchen not saying anything why she was getting up.

I at this time also got up and picked up our plates and napkins and other items we had brought with us for lunch. I walked out into the kitchen. As soon as I walked into the kitchen off to my left came a loud hiss and splashing. I automatically looked to my right. There was Tammy in full view sitting on the toilet pissing with her blue shorts pulled all the way down to her feet! She had not closed the door. She had left it wide open!

I couldn't help but stare at her. She saw me standing there staring at her while she pissed. Tammy smiled just a little bit. Then she spoke up. Hey since your'e not doing anything can you find the toilet paper? I'm going to need some to wipe my pussy. Tammy was right for the toilet paper was still packed in the bathroom box which was there in the kitchen. I had marked boxes for which room the stuff that was inside the box. So Got the box opened it and took out a roll of toilet paper from it.

Right after I had pulled the roll out of the box Tammy was ending her piss. For its loud hiss it had been making had stopped. There was now only soft splashing in the bowls water. Then Tammy stopped pissing. I stepped over to the bathrooms doorway and reached in to give Tammy the roll. Before she did take it from me she stood up! Now I could see her entire pussy in front of me as she stood there!

Tammy was clean shaven without a trace of pubic hair above,underneath, or along ether side of her pussy. Her clit protrude slightly outward and it was slim an short. Her slit opening was very long. Her lips were also very short underneath her pussy along with her side lips of her pussy being thin but as long as her slit. Tammy took the roll of toilet paperfrom me.

Tammy rolled off a wad from the roll real fast and tore it off. From underneath her pussy Tammy took a long slow wipe going the entire length of her pussy! Then she then and wiped both her inner upper thighs and both her asscheeks. As she wipede her asscheeks she giggled as she told me that this piss was a messy one. I psrayed all over the place when I first started to piss. After wiping her asscheeks Tammy dropped the toilet paper into the toilet.

Tmmy then turned sideways to reach back to flush the toilet. She couldn't quite reach the handle so she turned completely around. Now I was staring at her bare ass! Even though Tammy was slim her ass was nice looking. It was the right size for her highth. Tammy was short for she stood maybe five feet high. Her cheeks were well curved,firm and her ass crack had the same gracefull curve to it as her asscheeks had. Tammy flushed the toilet and then turned back around.

Now she reached down bending over and pulled her blue shorts back up. Now I noticed that Tammy had not panties for she only had the blue shorts on. Tammy then came out of the bathroom for I stepped out of the doorway to let her out. I knew that Tammy lived with her mom and step dad next door. She also had a brother and a sistor too.

Now I had to ask Tammy a question. So I did. Do you leave the door wide open when you are home? Tammy giggled hard first before I got a answer. When she stopped giggleing she answered me. Only when I'm home alone or when the guys are not home. (meaning her step dad and brother) Yea but you had no qualms leaving the door wide open here in my place I said to Tammy next. Tammy again giggled and said to me; I knew that it was only you and me are here! Now I giggled and laughed.

Then we went back into the livingroom but before we did Tmmy refilled our mugs with more soda and we sat back on the couch together listened to more tunes and drank the mugs of soda. We spent a couple of hours doing this nd then now getting late in the afternoon Tammy got up and told me we better get finished with the unpacking. So we did just that.

We did the rest of the boxes putting everything in them away wher the items had to go. The only boxes left were my clothes that went into the dresser and clothes on hangers that went into the closet. Tammy told me that was my job so that was left up to me. We went on working a little longer working in the kitchen puting up curtains on all three windows. While doing this Tammy took another good iss leaving the bathroom door wide open and let me watch as I stood on a chair at one of the windows while she pissed.

After finishing her piss she came out and I told her that now I needed to piss. Tammy said to me; I wondered when you would have to go! Laughing she asked if she could watch me piss! I smiled and told her to come in with me. That's what Tammy wanted to hear and she jumped off from the chair leaving the curtains hanging dow sideways in the window for she hadn't hung the rod on the hook on the one side.

Tammy came running into the bathroom. The seat and lid were down. Tammy reached right over and she lifted themup for me. I pulled my zipper down when she did this and I aid to her Why thank you Tammy. Tammy smiled. I started to slip my fingers through my now open zipper of my jeans. Tammy then said quickly AND loudly; Here let me do that! So I pulled my hand away from my open zipper.

Tammy slipped her small fingers through my open zipper. I like her I wasn't wearing underware. She let out a loud long OHHHHH!!! as she felt my hard warm erect cock touch her fingers. Giggling just ever so slightly as she gently started to slip my cock out through my open zipper Tammy told me she wasn't expecting that. I thought I had underware to open too. I smiled.

Tammy got my erect cock out and she was holding it very gently with her fingers. Tammy was giving my cock a good looking over too. Then Tammy said to me; Hey your cock is different! Other guys cocks that I've seen were straight out or straight up when the guy had a hardon. Not yours! You have a curve in yours! I had to laugh now and I did. Well thats just the way mine is I said back to Tammy.

Now Tammy tied pushing my cock down so I could piss. Tammy only managed to get my ock down just a litlle. With my cocks shaft havingthe curve in it my ocks head was still pointing upward at a sharp angle. Having problems? I asked Tammy. She siad back to me; Hab=ving this curve and having a hardon how do you piss into the toilet like this? Its got to be hard to do. I laughed a little again.

Then I told Tammy I had to step back. Tammy giggled a little and she stepped back with e keeping in step with me. Now I was standing almost against the wall which placed me a good four feet from the toilet. That should do it I said to Tammy. She looked at te distance I was from the toilet. I hope you don't piss on thefloor when you do goTammy said to me. I told her sometimes I did. But I alwayd do clean it up if I do.

Then I tld Tammy; If you like I'll piss in the shower. That will make it easier on you. Tammy glanced over at the shower stall and then back at the toilet. Well that would be easier but let me try the toilet and see what I can do. I shrugged my shoulders and said to Tammy; If thats what you want to do! Tammy let out a little giggle. Go ahaed and piss she said to me. We'll see waht happens.

I didn't need any further urging for I was holding back hard all this time to keep from pissing. As soon as I relaxed my stream came shooting out very hard from my cock. It made a arc across the four feet in the air and hit the raised toilet seat missing the bowl completely. STOP!!! Tammy yelled out quicly. I seeing that my piss streamhad hit the raised toilet seat I squeezed down hard and I stopped my piss stream. It fell wetting the bathroom floor from the toilet back to infr ont of me where I stood.

Let me piss in the shower Tammy I said to her. So we both turned to the left. The shower curtain was pulled back so the shower stall was wide open. I relaxed a second time. My stream shot out form my cock just like it had when I went to piss in the toilet. My piss stream easilly covered the distance to the shower stall. It hit hard on the metal back wall and splashed voilently off from it.

My splashing piss did not come out of the shower stall for it was large enough so that it wouldn't. Now Tammy had a tight grip wit her fingers on my cock and I felt them relax after she had seen that I was pissing in the shower and none of my splashing piss was splashing outside of it. My shower stall was all white and my piss that was splashing off the white wall was yellw and the splashing piss that was landing on the showers floor pooled into a yellow colored pool before it went down the drain in the center of the shower stalls floor.

Tammy also told me now that she too pissed in the shower when she would take a shower. After all the water and piss whether using the toilet,shower,then a giggle ,or the sink all goes in the same place. With Tammy saying includeing the sink I sid to her; I thought that was only a guy thing. Tammy giggled a little harder. Not when you have to piss real bad and there is not another place to go! Imeadiatly in my miond came a image of a row of sinks in a girls bathroom with all the sinks being pissed in by girls along with all the toilets too!

Now by this time I could feel that my blader was just about empty. I didn't want to have my piss stream ease off and make another piss trail on the floor like the one I had already had left at the unsuccessfull try of having Tammy hold me trying to piss in the toilet. So I gave a hard push and the squeezed down real hard cutting my stream right off. I didn't piss on the floor.

Now having finished pissing this way Tammy didn't let go of my cock yet. Tammy asked me; Are you going to do any spurts to finish off with? I looked at her silently for a moment not saying a word. Well Tammy siad to me. Are you? Most guys do. I sthen said ok back to Tammy. I'll have to step closer to the shower so I don't piss on the floor. So again we both stepped forward and I stood just ouside the shower stall now.

I gave a slight push to get started which was enough. I did a good spurt of piss then followed with three more short spurts f piss. Then I was done. Tammy also knew well enough to shake my cock which a few drops of piss shot off from my cocks head. Then she carefully slipped my cock back inside of my jeans and zipped up my zipper. As she turned and started walking out from the bathroom and headed over to the chair at the window with the lopsided hanging curtains she told me that I had a mess to clean up.

I got the mop and bucket filled it with warm water and some bleach and I mopped the bathroom floor while Tammy finished with that set of curtains and hung the other twosets that remained. By the time we were done it was early evening and Tammy gave me a big hug and a kiss. I had fun today she said to me smiling. I told her I had to and I thank you for everything I said to Tammy. I MEAN EVERYTHING! Tammy knew what I ment too fort she gggled and told me that she too enjoyed pissing in front of me and having me take a piss also. With that she said later and left. The End

