Wet fall

29th October 2008, 01:32 AM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I haven't posted anything recently because nothing good has happened till last week. Tonya has been really busy this summer and so have I, so we haven't spent a lot of time with each other. At last things have slowed down and we got together last week. Lisa and I and she and her husband Tom got together in town for lunch then decided to spend the rest of the afternoon at the barn. We had plenty of wine for the girls and Tom and I shared a bottle of bourbon. As usual Tonya had on a skirt, a mid length denim skirt and white blouse. I have a picnic area down by the creek with a couple of tables and a swing. We spent most of the day down there. Unfortunately the water is too cold this time of year so no one was tempted to wade but I did get several peeks up her skirt during the course of the afternoon. She was wearing white cotton panties, my favorite.

Naturally with all the drinking there was lots of peeing going on. When the occasion arose we would just go around the other side of the barn out of sight and let lose there. It was getting chillier as the day wore on so we decided to move our party to the barn loft. I rent the loft for parties so it is reasonably clean and just a fun place to hang out. We had plugged in some music and Tom and I were just relaxing around the table. I have a couple of rocking chairs that we use on the porch out back, but in the winter we bring them to the loft to keep them out of the weather. Both Tonya and Lisa had made themselves comfortable in those. After a few minutes I noticed that Tonya had put her feet up on the chair rung and I had a perfect view of her panties. She even had her legs spread a little.

I didn't want to be too obvious because Tom was right across from me but I took every chance to sneak a peek. I got up to refresh my drink and that is when I realized that Tom had just as good of view up Lisa's skirt. Lisa was also wearing a skirt and was setting with her knees apart allowing for a great view of her panties. I glanced at Tom and he was taking it in too. I know she was doing it on purpose and I just love it. She always has thought he was cute.

I didn't feel quite so guilty for looking at Tonya either. We kept drinking and enjoying our conversation for quite some time all the while taking every chance to glance at the girl's panties. The drunker they got the more careless they got in keeping there legs together. Although we never let on to each other, both Tom and I were loving every minute of it. As happens with conversations, Tom had ask Lisa about her work and at the same time Tonya had ask me about a new horse I had just bought, so our conversations had kind of split and we had paired off, so to speak. After a while Tonya announced she had to pee.

As she tried to stand up she staggered back almost falling down. This struck us all funny and we burst into laughter. Tonya immediately grabbed her crotch and begged us to stop laughing saying she was going to pee in her panties. The steps to the loft are steep and hard to go down sober much less drunk so Tonya ask me for help. Of course I complied and took her by the arm and led her to the top of the steps. They are also narrow so I offered to go down first incase she fell. We were both still giggling and she was telling me to hurry or she was going to lose it.

I went down first and she followed with her hand on my shoulder to balance herself. As we got to the bottom I missed the last step and started to fall. I think I could have recovered if Tonya had not been leaning on me for support, but when I started down she fell onto me and we both landed in the floor. No one was hurt but it didn't really matter to Tonya if I was killed. The fall struck her funny and she went into hysterics. We both were laughing so hard we were crying. In between outburst of laughter and holding firmly to her crotch she was saying over and over she going to wet her panties.

Finally she made her way off of me and plopped down on the bottom step. As she did she raised her skirt and landed firmly on her pretty bottom with only her panties between her and the wood. Suddenly she stopped laughing and a look of pure relief came over her. From my vantage point still laying on the floor I looked and realized she was wetting herself. Her legs were spread and there was a fountain pouring from her panties and down over the step. She just leaned back and let it pour.

I was able to watch the whole thing. Seeing the white cotton grow darker and then go transparent as it became wetter and wetter and seeing her pussy outlined through the wet panties caused me to get a raging hard on, probably the only thing that kept me from wetting my own pants. The rest of the evening was spent with me looking at her wet panties every time I could. Lucky for me Lisa was really horny from flashing Tom, so when we got home it was on for a while. I would say we screwed for half the night but I wasn't even that good in my younger days. All in all it was an evening that I will remember for a long time.

