A Great Massage (fiction)

6th April 2010, 04:22 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

When the door bell rang, Lydia practically jumped out of her skin. She'd been so engrossed in her work that time had completely escaped her. Now, at 4:30, she hadn't done a thing to prepare for her bi-weekly massage.

As a successful free lance writer, she spent way to many hours crouched over her keyboard and, while the end result was a career in which she took great pride, one of the bonuses was a bank account that ran to the occasional luxury. At least, that what she'd originally considered her sessions with Marshall. No, she just thought of her every other Thursday appointment as another tool that helped her work more effectively.

She rushed to the front door to find Marshall waiting patiently. He was, as nearly as she could determine, about ten years her junior. Tall and fit with amber hair, azure eyes and a year round tan, he was the poster boy for Swedish massage therapists, everywhere.

«Come on in, Marshall,» she invited. «I was working and I'm running a bit behind. Can you go ahead and set up in the sun room?»

Marshall picked up the table as if it weighed no more than a bowling ball and headed towards the southwest corner of the house. Lydia rushed to the opposite end of the hallway to change out of her clothes and into a robe and clean panties.

She might have been in fashion about a hundred years ago but in the early 21st century, she considered herself a bit too plush. The plump lips and thick, maple syrup hair weren't so bad but the plump, thick everything else was just too much of a good thing. Oh well, at over 40, she did her best not to let mother nature get the best of her, anyway.

Glancing at the clock on her bureau, she slid on a pair of violet silk panties and a matching silk robe. She considered stopping for a quick pee but decided that she didn't want to hold up Marshall any longer than she already had. Besides, she hadn't had a good hold all week.

In the few minutes it had taken her to undress for her massage, Marshall had gotten the table set up and the soft, strains of the Moonlight Sonata were drifting through the sunny, plant filled room. Lydia apologized again for keeping him waiting.

«Nothing to worry about,» he replied. «You're my last client of the day.»

«Still, I hate to keep you from whatever you may have had planned for the rest of your day.»

«Up on the table, then.» He smiled ant turned discreetly away as she dispensed with her robe and slid under the crisp, white sheet. «Ready?»

«Always,» she responded with a smile and closed her eyes.

The massage was moving along at it's usual pace and Lydia was starting to feel quite mellow when she realized that she probably should have stopped to pee after all. As her muscles relaxed, she noticed that her bladder was beginning to feel quite heavy. She rolled her hips a little to try to ease the pressure.

«Everything okay,» Marshall asked, his hands kneading the front of her right thigh.

«Just fine,» Lydia sighed.

Marshall worked up her leg until he reached her groin and, easing his fingertips into the crease began to roll, back and forth, across the front of her hip joint. He liked working on Lydia. On a professional level what he thought of as her ultra-feminine body was challenging. On a personal level, he found her incredibly sexy. Not showing his interest was an altogether different kind of challenge.

He pressed down, opening her pelvis. She sighed and then gasped as she felt her panties dampen with an unexpected squirt of pee that both started and stopped of it's own accord.

«Lydia?»

«I»m fine, Marshall.»

She could have told him that she needed to wee but, she decided against that. First, she was pretty sure she could control herself until the end of the massage. Second, the combination of the massage, her full bladder and the bouts of unexpected urgency were making her extremely horny. Damp panties were a small price to pay.

Marshall worked her other leg from ankle to thigh with no incident until her got to her groin. Following his fingertips from the outer hip inward, he increased the pressure, smoothing out the muscle. As the firm, downward motion approached her crotch, Lydia felt another short, wet burst and began to wonder if she'd misjudged her ability to control herself. Hidden beneath the draped sheet, however, her increasing wetness remained her secret. Lost in the combined pleasures of Marshall's warm hands and her even warmer pee, she completely forgot about having to turn over.

«Time to roll, Lydia,» Marshall instructed.

Rolling to her left Lydia felt the shift in her weight bring more force to bear on her ever fuller bladder but, she managed to roll onto her tummy without leaking further. The downward pressure, though, increased her need to dire levels. It felt as though an overripe melon was trying to hold up an anvil. What had been a pleasant tingle a few minutes ago was becoming electrical shocks as her bladder protested it's need for relief. She moaned and tried to ease her hips upward.

«What's going on, Lyds?» Marshall demanded. Actually, he was pretty sure he knew the answer. As a result, the arousal he'd been tamping down for the past thirty minutes, started demanding even more of his attention. Distracted by his own desire and Lydia's obvious discomfort, he continued massaging down her back, thumbs pressed along her spine, from below her shoulder blades to just above her pelvic girdle.

The downward pressure was too much for her and Lydia felt a much longer stream of hot urine escape her control.

«Oh god, I'm sorry Marshall. I didn't stop to pee before getting on the table and now, I've wet it! You'd better let me up. I don't think I can hold on any longer.»

Marshall found Lydia's matter of fact admission incredibly arousing. The fact that, under the crisp white sheet, her pussy was wrapped in piss wet silk gave him a hard-on he couldn't hide.

«Then don't,» he offered boldly.

«Marshall!» Lydia pretended shock. In truth, his offer titillated her. She felt her clit begin to throb in anticipation and, when another trickle of pee flowed over it, she felt a tremor run through her body.

«You want me to wee? Right here on the table? With you watching?»

Marshall realized that he might very well lose his best client but, the opportunity was too good to pass up. This woman had been playing a starring roll in his fantasies for weeks and the fact that he was going to get to experience the hottest of all his fantasies? Oh yeah!

«That's exactly what I want. I would love to watch you do it, too.»

Lydia thought she should probably give the matter some consideration but, her over stretched bladder had other ideas. She was leaking slowly but steadily now and it would not be long before she couldn't keep the dam from bursting. Besides, she'd have to be blind to miss the effect her predicament was having on Marshall.

Wedging one hand between her plump thighs, Lydia levered herself onto her back again. The force of gravity on her overfilled bladder made her moan and squeeze her legs together.

Marshall could see the clear, yellow liquid seeping between her fingers. He stroked his cock, almost absently, through his khaki shorts. His fingers itched to bathe themselves in that wonderful, warm wetness. He reached out but then pulled back.

«May I touch you Lydia?»

«I'd be terribly disappointed if you didn't,» she responded.

He placed a hand on either thigh and eased her legs apart. The pee began to burble up between her fingers like the waters of an underground spring rising to the surface. He peeled her fingers away from her crotch and watched for a moment, rubbing his own crotch with more vigor.

«Feel,» she whispered.

«Oh my god, Lydia,» he groaned and eased his free hand over her sopping pussy. He could feel the wellspring of hot piss pressing against his palm, the pressure increasing. He pressed his middle finger against the drenched silk until he found her clit.

Lydia moaned and pressed up against him. He stroked over the hot nub of wet flesh. Her hips bucked beneath his hand and the flood gates opened. He watched, mesmerized and a strong stream of golden nectar shot through the saturated silk of her panties, drenching the bottom sheet on the table. He thought he might cum in his pants!

She felt the pee leaving her body in rapid fire bursts as his finger on her clit brought her to orgasm after orgasm. Each spasm sent another arch of hot, hissing piss arcing from her body. Marshall bent close, letting the spurting, splattering wetness douse his T-shirt.

His cock was straining against his fly and Lydia reached out to unzip him and release his thick, throbbing dick. A thick, steady rivulet of precum was running down the underside and making his heavy balls wet and shiny.

«Oh god,» he groaned, «I'm gonna cum, Lydia».

«Show me.»

He stood back from the table and began to jerk off. With each firm stroke, he seemed to get harder, his head straining as if it would explode. She reached out and touched traced the pulsing glans, spreading the clear liquid over it's silky surface.

Her touch was the last straw. The cum shot out of him in thick, white streams, landing on her naked belly as he cried out his satisfaction. Lydia thought she had never seen anything sexier in her life but, she was wrong.

Marshall stood beside the table for a moment, trying to regain his composure. He still held his cock, now soft but still thick, in his right hand and his thumb and forefinger pinched down firmly behind the head. He had to pee, badly now that he wasn't hard.

«Go ahead,» Lydia invited, languorous in her satisfaction. «I want to watch.»

His eyes fixed on hers, Marshall relaxed the pressure on his pee filled dick. Standing beside the table, he directed his stream over the length of her body, like a gardener watering his flowers.

Lydia's eyes narrowed to slits of pure satisfaction as she watched him hose her down, completely, with his pee. Now, that was the sexiest thing she'd ever seen!

