Jen and Joe after the Lake

2nd January 2006, 05:06 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Joe and Jen after the Lake

Jen stood beside me next to the car as I reached inside to grab her bag and cooler. I noticed her pressing her legs together pretty tightly, but she didn't seem overly desperate. I followed her up the sidewalk to the stairs leading to her apartment, admiring her perfect butt in her jeans. She stopped at the door to get her keys, again pressing her legs together and doing a very subtle dance.

I carried her stuff inside and she offered me a beer from the fridge. She got one for each of us and we sat down together on her couch. "I guess we got a bit carried away this afternoon" she said. "Yes, maybe so...but I admit it was an awesome experience." She agreed, then reminded that she still only wanted to be friends. She saw my face turn down slightly and quickly added with a big smile, "Of course I think this afternoon shows that we can still be really, really good friends!"

After another beer each, and some innocent chit-chat, I finally got up some courage and asked "So...what made you decide to wet your bikini in my car?"

"Well, I was really desperate by that time, and as we were driving I had been thinking about all the times I peed in my bikini for you in the past."

"I just suddenly got the urge to be a bit naughty right about the time we pulled into the picnic area." I was getting hot again remembering the events of just a couple hours earlier and asked her what she was thinking right before she started peeing.

"Well, when we pulled up to the picnic table I was planning to get out and pee on the table bench like we used to do. I wasn't sure I'd be able to wet in front of you after all this time, so I relaxed my bladder just a second to see what would happen."

"Right in the car seat?" I asked.

"Well, yes - I didn't think anything would actually happen, but I guess I had to go so bad, that pee started coming out immediately."

"I somehow clamped down and stopped, but then I suddenly got the crazy idea to just let it loose right there."

"It's a good thing I didn't think about it too long, or I probably would have chickened out. Instead, I just let go. It felt so good I couldn't believe it. "I thought about stopping, but it was just too delicious, feeling the warmth spreading all around me."

I told her how much I had loved watching her pee in her bikini, and I suggested that since we both loved it, it would be a waste not to enjoy the experience again. My heart was racing when she said she felt the same way.

She jumped up off the couch and ran into the kitchen for a couple more beers. As she walked back into the room, she said "Actually I'm bursting to pee again right now - hold on, I'll be right back."

For a second I thought she had gone to the toilet, but she reappeared with a blue one-piece swimsuit in one hand and a red bikini in the other.

"I know you love wet bikinis so much, but the lake is too far away now...I have another idea about how to get these wet! - Which one should I put on?" I started to say that I couldn't decide, maybe the red one, when I noticed she was really squirming around. "Hurry up and decide, before I wet my jeans!"

I went ahead and said "OK! OK! The red bikini it is!" though I still wasn't really sure. She started to unbutton her jeans but I said to stop a minute. "Can you just model your jeans for just another minute? You look so hot in those tight jeans I can't stand it." She slowly turned around, running her hand over her perfect ass, and around to her stomach. "So you think I look hot in these pants?"

"They are soo tight at the moment!"

She spun around real slow a couple of times, then stood right in front of me. "Joe really, I've got to change now, or I'm wetting my pants in like three seconds!"

"Do it." I said.

She gave me a big grin and said "I thought so!"

"Okay, three seconds it is - three...two...one...ahhhh..." When she hit 'ahhh' I heard a loud hiss right in front of me. A big wet spot appeared right in her crotch, and spread out across the tops of her legs. Quickly her pee began to race down both legs, leaving beautiful dark stains down both jeans legs. "Quick! Let me see the back!" I said. She spun around and the sight was beautiful. Her ass was already wet up about halfway, and glistening streams of pee were running down the backs of her legs. "This feels soo good!" she said as two smaller puddles turned into one big puddle around her feet.

The hissing sound died down and she said "This feels so sexy...I had to go so bad, I was going to wet the couch if we didn't stop talking soon!" She looked at my now dry swimsuit and said "You are way too dry now - I'm not going to be the only wet one here." She sat down right on my lap sideways, wiggling around until I was good and damp.

She looked at me out of the corner of her eye and said "I don't think that's quite good enough." She closed her eyes and whispered "Oh yeah..." I felt a warmth spreading all over my lap. She peed on me for a good ten seconds and then pulled me up off the couch.

"Now I'm finished - mmm, look Joe I wet my pants." She spun around again, showing off her beautiful ass in the now soaked jeans, "Come on...help me get out of these wet pants."

We trotted down the hall to her bedroom together, me wondering what she had in mind next...

Joe H.

