Surreal Pee-Sex

23rd February 2009, 07:27 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

The following is a bizarre dream I had recently. I have had to make up an ending for it, as I woke up in the middle of it, and I've also had to invent some of the less clear details; but in all of this I've tried to retain the surreal quality it had when I was dreaming it. I'll be interested to know what you think of it. I have other dreams I might write about if this one find a positive reception.

***

I climb the stairs out of the subway station to be greeted by the greyish light of evening, but the air is oppressively warm and slightly smoky. I'm not entirely sure what city this is, or why I'm here, but I'm sure these minor problems will clear up if only I start walking; so I do.

The buildings are tall and their faades vary, both in materials &#8213; steel and glass, stone, wood &#8213; and in design, as though many buildings that did not belong next to each other have rearranged themselves; though they show no inclination to move now. Even the sidewalk changes, the concrete varying in colour and mineral content and occasionally being replaced by plywood or sandstone slabs. I walk for a while through this varying urban landscape.

It soon becomes apparent that I have to take a piss. Fairly badly. I glance about. This building looks as though it might contain a restroom. The front is of an earthy brown marble carved into geometric designs. The open doors are of thick steel; not so thick as a bank vault, but thick enough that one might need help to move them.

I enter anyway. The inside is more marble, cool and cave-like. There are no lights, but the door conspires with windows high above to keep the place comfortably, if not brightly, lit. People who seem to belong here wander through, singly and in pairs, dressed in business suits. They all appear to be of about the same age; in their thirties, perhaps. When they speak, it is in a language I do not understand, possibly Latin. They take no notice of me.

I wander farther into the building. Besides the front door, the only way out of this entryway is by a set of stairs leading up and down. The stairs going down are made of polished steel that gleams in the indirect light. The stairs going up are of wood, old and creaky, like what you might find in an old house that hasn't been properly maintained. I fear they might break if I walk on them. I choose to go down.

The steel stairway leads to a large, irregular room. Its size is difficult to determine because it is of a bizarre shape containing no right angles, confusing my sense of perspective. Though no light source is visible, the room is lit in patches, some areas pitch black, some brightly lit, with zones of twilight between. The floor is littered with objects of various sizes and shapes. Some are children's toys, some are storage cabinets, some are chairs and tables and books. Some I don't recognize.

It is populated by persons of all ages, from toddlers who have just learnt to walk and still have trouble with it to octogenarians who also have trouble walking, and all between. Regardless of age, these chase each other about the room, avoiding the obstacles; play with the toys; read the books; and generally amuse themselves.

Somewhere out toward the middle of the room is a structure I immediately recognize as a restroom, in spite of the fact that it does not even slightly resemble any restroom I have ever seen before. It is in the form of a parallelepiped about three feet high, two feet deep, four feet long. When I get closer, I will perceive that one of the longer sides is divided into double doors, and the whole is covered with brownish-blue carpeting like that on the floor; the sort of carpet that is made of tight coils of material and is so hard and unpleasant that one suspects that the floor beneath, even if it is made of concrete, would be more pleasant.

It takes me some time to get close enough to the restroom to see this. The storage cabinets and the larger unidentifiable objects create a maze in which I get lost more than once. I also trip over smaller objects, as well as children. Each time, I expect the fall to be painful, due to the carpet and my general paranoia, but I feel nothing. Eventually, I reach the restroom and open the door. Inside, there is no sink or toilet or any furniture such as one would expect to see in a restroom.

There is, however, a lady. She is squatted behind the left-hand door, her skirt raised up around the waist of her orange blouse, a pair of white cotton panties stretched between her knees. Her skin looks soft and unwrinkled; she is far from old, but neither is she infantile. Her hair is reddish-brown and hangs down her back. The stream of urine that arches gently before landing between her white sneakers does not splatter or form a puddle, but soaks quickly into the material of the floor, creating a damp spot only slightly larger than the diameter of the stream itself.

I pause a moment, liking what I see but certain that she will scream or something if I stare at her for too long. Instead, she glances up at me disinterestedly before returning her gaze to her urine. Encouraged by this, I manage to get myself into the right side of the tiny chamber, also squatting, and shut the doors. With some difficulty, I open my fly and get my penis out, but discover that it is so hard that I cannot possibly piss.

The lady, who is still gushing like a fountain, glances at me again and giggles; but immediately stifles the sound and puts on an excessively sympathetic expression. She reaches over (it's not very far) and touches my penis with one finger. It is warm and soft and gentle, and my penis jerks involuntarily. She grins broadly at this, and begins to rub me, her palm sliding across the tip.

I reach over with my right hand and gently reach between her legs. She starts at my first touch so that I draw my hand back, afraid that I have done something wrong; but the expression of obvious disappointment on her face as she looks down to watch my hand leaving, and the way she pauses in her attention to my penis disabuse me of this notion. I return my fingers to her warm, smooth skin. She is smooth and hairless there. Her clitoris is slightly damp and my fingers are sprayed by her continuing urination, but this does not bother me; nor does the way she begins to rub my penis again, this time up and down the length of it. The entire organ tingles and becomes even harder.

I rub her clitoris with my thumb while, with my index finger I feel lower down, closer to the source of the apparently-unending stream of pee. The finger is instantly soaked. I shove it inside her, prompting a surprised intake or breath. She stops what she's doing and glances down at my hand, then looks over at my penis. There's a pause. Then, her eyes light up with comprehension. She pulls on my right hand and I allow her to lift it away from her special area. Then, she climbs across me, one leg on each side of me, her back pressing against my chest, her hair in my face. Holding my penis steady with one hand, she lowers herself onto me.

Warm wetness constricts me and we both gasp loudly. For a moment, we just sit together like this. Her pee has soaked my legs and shoes, but I barely register this. Then, I put my arms around her and my fingers encounter bare breast-skin. I realize that she must have taken off her clothes without me noticing; and now I see her shirt and her skirt as well as panties lying in a heap to my right. I rub her left breast with my left hand and plunge my right into the continuing fountain, rubbing my palm against her clitoris. She shivers. Now, she lifts herself up, suffering my penis to come almost completely out of her, then drops back down, taking me fully inside. We both cry out together.

I lean back, only mildly surprised to find that there is no wall to prevent this, and she pauses at the removal of my hands from her sensitive places. With some difficulty, she turns around, her left foot now to the right of me, her pee now soaking my bare chest, to look down at my face. I sit up again, put my arms around her and kiss her, my tongue in her mouth, hers finding it and dancing with it after only a moment's hesitation.

I lean back again, this time pulling her with me, then roll over so that I am on top of her. Her breasts press against my chest and her pee sprays upward far enough to cover my legs with its warmth. Her eyes are hazel. I begin to fuck her in earnest, pumping myself in and out of her enfolding cavity; she gasps, then begins to reciprocate, her hips coming up to meet me as I come down, her eyes and mouth open wide, her breath coming fast on my face. The tingling in my penis has strengthened to a wave of pleasure, which is followed by another, stronger one.

Then she yelps louder than before, and her arms tighten about my body just as her vagina tightens about my penis. This is more than I can bear; I explode, spraying inside her pleasure chamber, as the world evaporates in an eruption of orgasmic bliss. I subside on top of her, my face pressed into her shoulder, feeling her breasts heaving against my chest.

Eventually I roll off her, and she snuggles her perfect body up against me, her head resting against my neck, and falls asleep.

