The Snack Bar Customer

18th May 2009, 11:44 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Back in the early eighties a guy I knew also had this fetish and wound up with the perfect job in Connecticut. He and his wife operated a snack bar at a local lake. He said that the state was responsible for the restrooms and did nothing to maintain them. They were also to far away from the beach and were rarely used. During the spring the weather was usually nice but the lake was to cold to go in «just to pee». When the water was cold, he said it was not unusual for some of the hot ladies to choose to wet themselves rather than use the deplorable toilets.

He said that one Saturday a very attractive, women of perhaps 30 walked into the snack bar carrying a 2 year old with an eight year old girl alongside. She ordered an ice cream for both and then said that she planned to enjoy an afternoon in the sun while her two children played in the sand. She said she knew the water was cold and had absolutely no intention of swimming.

Now, this women was not only very attractive but was wearing a sexy, one piece wine/maroon nylon swim suit. The color of her suit went well with her short crop dark hair, curvaceous body and wedge sandals. She also had the walk to compliment her great ass.

She took a seat at a pick nick table in front of the snack bar, while watching the children play.

She'd been there only a half hour when she returned for a hot chocolate for her two shivering kids. She promptly remarked that she was glad she stayed out of the water.

What was more remarkable was the fact that while sitting at the table she'd quite obviously wet herself. Prior to entering the shop she made absolutely no effort to cover a very obvious pee stain that surrounded her well accentuated pubic cleavage by several inches. It was oval, forming the classic semi-circle over her very wet pussy. The wetness was quite dark against the nylon material of her swimsuit.

Now the guy retelling this story said that she caught him staring at her wetness once she was in the shop. He said that once he was caught, she stopped and bent over, also examining the wetness in her crotch. Then shrugged it off with a smile and walked up to the counter.

She waited for her hot chocolate, starting a conversation that this fellow couldn't recall. When she had the drinks she turned and bent over to give one of them to the two year old, casually exposing her very pee soaked butt. There was no doubt that she'd sat at the bench and simply peed through her suit. At inverted horseshoe shaped pee stain stretched from mid leg to mid leg. It was a classic wet stain and very indicative of someone who has just wet their pants.

She returned to her bench where she spent the rest of the afternoon watching her children, while every once in a while, getting up to wait on their needs. Each time she a rose from the bench the drying stain on her butt was still all two obvious. Several times she felt her wet ass but because of the nylon fabric probably got little definition of how wet she was. From a distance, though it was easy to tell what she'd done.

This fellow said that there was little doubt that she had simply decided to pee in her suit rather than leave her children unattended to walk to the rest rooms.

I thought the whole episode was very hot. Wish I'd been there.

