The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Six

24th April 2008, 07:41 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

It's taken me quite a while to begin writing the sixth chapter of this series. this is partly due to various projects I've had at work, but it's mainly because I felt that Anna's life was getting too easy. I find it hard to concentrate on a story when the main character's life is too easy, and I assume that my readers do, too. However, I assure you that this is about to change, thanks to certain events I've been working on for quite a while. I've got three chapters blocked out in my mind, ready to write down, representing approximately the first half of what I think is an interesting plot line. I just hope I figure out how to end it soon.

###

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): Anna Feldstone has been living for several weeks at the House of LaRoche, where she has made three very close friends of her own sex, Janice, Maria and Fatima, with whom and with LaRoche's male guests she has had much more fun than would be allowed in any other place in the known world. She has also met Fred, with whom she expects to become very close, as he is the first male she has found who shares with her certain interests she had previously been able to explore only with her three room-mates.

###

Clarissa smiled. What was before her upon the well-kept, green lawn looked rather like a pile of butchered flesh, save that it moved, breathed, gasped and moaned. It was difficult to tell where one body ended and another began, but the three faces protruding from the conglomeration of limbs, eyes closed and cheeks apple-red, were all familiar to her; and she was certain she knew the owners of the other two heads, one yellow and one black, though they were turned away from her. Already old enough to lie about her age, the indifferent mother had a bit too much dignity to pursue her own pleasure in quite such an enthusiastic manner; still, the sight of young people disporting themselves so ardently never failed to bring a smile to her lips and a pleasant tingle to a certain organ below her belly. The grass was soft upon her bare buttocks as she sat and began to massage it away.

Presently, the moans became louder, and the group emitted some louder gasps and moans as well as one loud scream that could have been mistaken, by one who didn't know better, for the sound of a young girl having her legs ripped off; then, five bodies collapsed onto the grass and each other, their tanned skin all but covered with various fluids in drops and puddles, five minds too overcome by pleasure to form a coherent thought.

Anna was first to stir. Her left cheek was pressed firmly against the pile of red fur in which her mouth had so recently been buried, and several of the scarlet strands were tickling her nose. Her own long, yellow hair was spread haphazardly across Janice's lower torso. Her legs were spread so that her feet lay on either side of Fred's chest, and between them she could still feel within her the magnificent device by which Fred had given her the recent pleasure, though it now shrank and pulled out of her body; and there leaked around it, combined, the two pleasant sorts of fluid they had excreted. The last few drops of a third, less viscous liquid dribbled from its own orifice onto Fred, who was already soaked with it.

Anna breathed deeply, her round breasts pressing into the grass, her friend's scent strong in her nostrils, then rolled over, reluctantly allowing Fred to slip out of her, and sat up. Fred's thin yellow beard was visible, poking out from between Fatima's legs, though the rest of his head was beneath her belly. Anna wasn't sure how he was able to breathe, but as his chest was moving, she wasn't much worried. Fatima's face was still buried between Maria's thighs, though Maria was already beginning to stir. Anna heard a restrained moan behind her and turned to see Clarissa, her eyes glazed, shuddering in her seated position, one hand pressed firmly between her legs.

Soon Clarissa calmed down, and Anna greeted her and she returned the greeting; whereat: "And thy son, Clarissa, is he well?" Anna asked her friend.

"I know not," replied that lady.

"Hast not yet found him? the girl demanded. "But it's been a week since thou told me he was gone!"

"Which I suppose to mean that he will not return."

Anna had not had much contact with mothers other than her own, who she had reason to believe was an inferior example of the species; still, she did not think this indifference could be a normal parent's response to the disappearance of a boy of five years. She turned: Maria and Fred, his beard dripping and his smoothly shaven scalp glistening, had sat up, and Fatima had rolled onto her back; the four showed expressions as dumbfounded as Anna's. And, before any of the friends could think what to reply to such a remark, a woman perhaps a decade older than Clarissa, who had been lying upon the grass a short distance away enjoying the sun, rolled onto her side to face Clarissa and told her, in a tone of sympathy, "I lost a child too, several years back. It takes time, but you'll get over it."

"But Robert's not dead!" Fred informed her hotly; then paused and added, "As far as we know, may the gods protect him. No, he's merely wandered off somewhere!"

"As did my daughter," said the older lady, and moved to seat herself beside Clarissa, an arm about her shoulder.

"This is foolish," Fatima insisted. "Surely, a concentrated search..." But, seeing that Clarissa was no longer attending to her, she turned her attention to her friends. "If the lad's mother won't search for him, I should say that we must."

"It does seem the proper thing to do," Fred remarked, and Janice, Maria and Anna also agreed. Fred smoothed he beard with his fingers. "If we divide up the grounds among us," he began, then paused and examined the fingers that has touched his beard; they were wet with the several fluids exuded by Fatima's crotch, which he licked off, grinning. "But first, I think, a wash."

***

By midday, however, Anna was feeling somewhat more inclined toward Clarissa's view of the matter. The guard at the gate of LaRoche's grounds had informed them that neither he nor any of his fellow guards would have allowed a lad of five summers, unaccompanied, to leave, and they believed him; they had therefore followed Fred's plan, each taking an area of the house to search, and Anna had spent the intervening time wandering the unfamiliar hallways accessible through the Eastern door of the main entry hall, through which Anna had not yet had occasion to go.

Much of the ground floor she had discovered to be sitting-rooms and day-rooms of various sorts and kinds, requiring only that she glance into each chamber in passing; but the second and third stories were all narrow, winding corridors with bed-chambers opening off them, each requiring to be knocked upon so that she could inquire of those within, if any, if they had seen Robert; and she thanked the gods that Fred had agreed to take the two floors above.

She had twice got lost, and was not now certain that she had, in fact, covered the entire area; the soles of her feet were sore from repeated and continuous slapping upon the flagged floors; and, though she tried to convince herself that she knew now, at least, where Robert wasn't, she could not help worrying that all had been wasted. Could not a young boy be always behind her, moving with her in a manner such that she could not find him? Could he not have been behind one of those locked doors that, for whatever reason, refused to open to her?

It was such thoughts of futility that occupied her as she made her way back toward the entrance hall, so that she failed to notice the sounds of bare feet on stone coming toward her until, rounding a corner, she saw a familiar face. Geoffery's was a visage not often seen to smile at her &#8212; she had, in fact, seen it only occurred once, and that for no more that a quarter of an hour &#8212; so, the grin that appeared when he became fully cognizant of her presence shocked her almost as much as the ferocity, the malice, of the expression.

It was enough to make her move involuntarily away from him; but he followed her as she walked back, until she felt her naked shoulders pressing against a rough stone wall, and wished she could simply step through it, no matter what might be beyond. This not being an option, however, she forced herself to smile at him, and to say, brightly, "Hello, Geoffery!" At least, she intended to sound bright; but the result, she thought, sounded more sickly, and her expression slowly changed to match.

Geoffery didn't respond for a moment, but let his eyes drop slowly from her face, taking in all the front of her body. And, though many men and some women had done this &#8212; she was, after all, worth looking at, and not hidden from view &#8212; for the first time, it felt like an intrusion, almost an act of violence. His tanned chest was covered with a thin film of sweat and that masculine spike on which she had once willingly impaled herself was quickly becoming thick and stiff. He stepped closer, too close, and she could feel the spike upon her belly and smell drink upon his breath &#8212; not the wine she and her friends drank at supper, but something stronger. He placed his hands upon the wall, one on each side of her, a trap, and spoke into her ear: "Wilt thou try again?"

"What?" Anna managed, though her voice trembled and she didn't trust herself to open her mouth again without screaming. She looked about as best she could with Geoffery's head in front of her own, but could see nobody about.

Geoffery glared at her. "The lady says, 'What,'" he growled. "Thou canst not be so dense: thou insulted me the last time we tried, soaking me with thy excretions when I had all but finished. Well, we shall try again, and this time I shall remain dry, or else thou wilt have reason to regret it. Do I make my meaning plain?"

"Yes, but &#8212;" Anna stammered, "&#8212; but, perhaps, the lawn outside would be a better place &#8212; "

"SHUT UP!" Geoffery roared, and Anna was silent. It was odd, she reflected in a strangely unaffected part of he mind: a moment ago she had not felt noticeably full; but now, being forbidden to empty herself, she suddenly felt as though her water was about to burst from her, whether she would or no. But she tightened her lower muscles as Geoffery kissed her, roughly, banging the back of her head against the wall, his tongue forcing its way between her slack lips; and his fingers probed another pair of lips below, lips devoid of the moisture such contact would normally have created. And just as the fear which had been growing inside her belly became a shriek muffled by his mouth, Geoffery paused and gave off an odd grunt. He leaned against her hard, making her back scrape against the stone wall, then slid down her body, collapsing upon the floor, revealing behind him a familiar face.

"Fred!" Anna gasped, and threw her arms about him, her face pressed against his neck. Fred dropped the metal wall-sconce he had used to bludgeon Geoffery and clasped her against his breast, blood from her back dying red the fine hairs on his forearms. And now a trickling sound could be heard as the girl, relaxing into her lover's arms, soaked both of them with that water she had been holding captive. Fred held her gently, doing his best to ignore this, but he could not prevent that device which had so delighted Anna upon the lawn that morning from raising its head, invigorated by the shower, until its shaft gently touched that center Geoffery had been so intent upon. Anna's loins loved slightly, involuntarily, rubbing herself against it; then she pulled her face, tear-stained, away from Fred's neck and kissed him upon the mouth.

In a moment they were both upon the floor, Fred upon his back, Anna on top of him, his major organ inside of her. He felt warm and, despite that he penetrated her much as Geoffery had meant to do, safe and pleasant; and she wanted as much of him touching her as was possible, and for a time, both were content to lie thus, as the last of Anna's urine irrigated the black fur between their thighs. But, presently, Anna desired more and, moving her knees to the floor, lifted herself almost off the prong within her and subsided back onto it.

Both gasped, and when Anna tried this again, Fred responded, thrusting himself up and into her; and they repeated this, moaning loudly, falling quickly into a natural rhythm, Fred quickly forgetting that his buttocks were hitting repeatedly and painfully against the stone floor. Their tongues entwined within the combined space of their mouths and Fred's fingers teased the tips of his lover's nipples; and Anna, though she had participated in this ritual so many times she had lost count, was yet amazed at the sensations radiating from her center, and at the speed with which the intensity of them mounted.

It took but moments before, with a cry of "O, gods!" the waves of pleasure overwhelmed her. She jerked about atop Fred's body, every muscle spasming; and Fred felt a sudden pleasant tightening about that sensitive part of himself buried within her that caused him to moan more loudly than before.

In a moment, Anna came back to herself, and the regular raising and lowering began again, and their sweat mingled with Anna's piss and with a soft and viscous liquid that was dripping out around Fred's prong; and that device now twitched within Anna, in a manner that caused truly awe-inspiring pulses of joy that Anna wished would continue forever, even while she desired their speedy conclusion. But, presently, Fred gave a jerk harder than any before, and she felt him unload his love-juice within her; which was too much, and crying out again, shivering with uncontrollable delight, she collapsed across him, feeling the rapid rise and fall of his chest and his member beginning to shrink within her seed-filled canal.

Anna could envision lying thus forever; but, an indefinite amount of time later, she was roused from this near stupor by the sound of bare feet upon the smooth stone floor, and a feminine voice calling: "Anna? Fred? Are you about? Come quickly! Janice has found &#8212; Merciful Rheiad in the corn! Art well, Anna? Thy head ...

Anna glanced up and saw her friend's unclothed thighs. "I am well, Fatima," she replied. "I have never been better in my life!"

