The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Nine

22nd May 2008, 07:48 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): The search for Janice and the missing children has led to a large castle, and Anna and Fatima had a lot of fun "convincing" two bored fey guards to let them in a back door.

###

Fred helped Anna push the inert guard off of her. Examining his slack face, Anna asked, "Art certain he is not dead?"

"No," said Fred, worried. "I have never done this before! He doesn't look very good, does he?" He glanced over to the other side of the clearing, where the second guard was too busy poking Fatima to notice Maria standing over him with a stick almost too big for her to lift. "Hit him, already," Fred admonished.

"I was about to," Maria responded, "But then Fatima looked at me and shook her head. I shall let her finish, first." She rubbed herself, making her fingers slippery from her own fluids.

"Xiepfar blowing bubbles!" Fred muttered, but he made no objection to this plan. And, under the guard's stimulation, it was not long before Fatima cried out and clutched the guard closer to her, crushing his under-developed beneath her fingers; whereat, Maria lifted her stick as high as she could and brought it own upon the back of his head.

"Ow!" yelled the guard. He stopped what he was doing and turned to look at Maria, who yelped and involuntarily stepped away from him. Fred swore again and ran the five steps across the clearing; and the fairy, perhaps astonished at the appearance of a nude man wielding a blood-stained staff, was unconscious before he began to reach for the weapons in his discarded clothing.

"I'm sorry," Maria murmured.

"'Twas not thy fault," said Anna, crossing the sward to put an arm about her friend's shoulders.

Inside, the castle was cool and unlit, and they quickly lost sight of the door; in fact, when Maria looked back after they had only walked a dozen paces, the door already invisible. They ran back to look, but it was gone.

"Dung of a she-goat!" Anna yelled, but not too loudly, leaning against the cool stone wall. Then, looking in the direction they had begun walking, she saw that the corridor dead-ended less than a yard farther on; it certainly hadn't been that way before! And, instead of the wall in which they had expected to find the door, was a four-way intersection which unquestionably hadn't been there a moment ago.

Anna looked at Fred. "A labyrinth!" he muttered, annoyed.

Maria looked about, plainly worried. Now, only the right-hand corridor of the four-way existed, and a door had appeared in the left-hand wall. "How can we find anything, even the exit, if the labyrinth changes every time we look elsewhere?"

"It changes," muttered Anna. Then she added, louder, "Someone is changing it!" And, shouting now, so that Maria flinched and Fred and Fatima looked at her as though she had lost her senses: "Who changes it?"

And, to everyone's surprise, especially Anna's, she received a response: "I am." The voice was deep and harmonious.

All four turned. Standing in the middle of the corridor, as naked as the four friends, was a man. He appeared to be no more than five-and-twenty summers old. He was tall, his muscles were large and clearly defined in all parts of his body and his chest was wide and hairy. His spear was straight and hard. His head was covered in curly, brown hair, his eyes were blue, his nose was long and pointed and his chin was square. His skin was almost luminous in its whiteness. In short, he looked not like a god, but like a statue of a god by a sculptor of much talent and little imagination.

Fred was first to speak. "Who art thou?" he demanded, with more courage in his tone than he truly felt.

The question seemed to confuse the apparition somewhat more than would be expected. "I?" he replied. "I am he who moves this house." He thought for a moment. "I am the house, I suppose." He took several steps forward. "And you are trespassers. One, two, three, four. Four trespassers." This time, Anna was watching as the right-leading corridor disappeared; the stones of the walls grew outward, covering it up. And when she turned, the door on the left was gone as well, making the place a long, narrow room with no entrance or exit. "I'm supposed to be trapping you, and leading the scary monsters right to you," the castle-spirit continued.

"We seem to be trapped quite well," Fatima pointed out, "but, what monsters are these? Where are they?"

"Th'art beautiful," said the Castle, but it was not a response to Fatima's question. He spoke directly to Maria now, ignoring the others. "Too beautiful for the monsters. They'd hurt thee."

He stepped closer to Maria, a tiny drop of liquid glistening upon the tip of the horizontal tower growing from his belly. "No," Maria whispered, almost inaudibly; and she backed away from it, stopping only when her buttocks were firmly pressed against the wall beside where Fatima leaned. Her friend regarded her quizzically.

Anna moved to lean against Fred, and he put his arm about her as both silently watched the scene on the other side of the hall.

"I can keep them from thee," the Castle continued. "I can keep them from thee and thy friends. They shan't know th'art here. But, I want... What do I want? Sometimes the men and women who live in this house say they're sleeping together, but they're not. I can see them. And it makes me feel ... different when I see them." His hand strayed the his large shaft. "That's what I want."

"No," Maria whispered again, and now her eyes were wide and white with fear.

"Thou'lt enjoy it," urged Fatima.

"I have never had a man in me," responded Maria. "Not since I was a small child, and my father..." And, not wishing to speak aloud what her father had done, she pulled aside a lock of her friend's black hair and whispered it into her ear.

"Bastard son of a sea-cow!" Fatima muttered, her eyes narrowing. She stepped in front of her friend, facing the spirit. "Sir, you clearly do not know what you ask of her. Take me &#8212; I shall be happy to do what you desire."

"No!" cried the man petulantly. "It must be her! If she won't, I shall have to bring the monsters." Anna heard approaching footsteps, distant conversation, growling and other noses; looking to the left, she discovered that another corridor had appeared, leading into their previously enclosed room. "If I don't, they'll hurt me again," the Castle continued. He stepped to the left, so that he could speak directly to Maria again. "It's just ... I like you. I thought it might be worth being hurt if... if..." Not knowing how to finish this sentence, the Castle turned and began to walk away.

"Wait," said Maria. The Castle turned, and Maria stepped forward and put a hand on his arm. Abruptly, there were no sounds of anything approaching, and no exit. "Thou dost not look like this, dost thou?" she said. "Not normally. Not to thyself."

"No," he admitted, looking away, "I look like this for thee."

"What dost thou really look like?"

"Thou dost not want to see."

"Yes, I do." Maria clasped his right hand in both of hers. "Please? Do this for me and one other thing, and I shall do what thou desirest."

The spirit turned to look at her.

"Art certain?" Anna asked, crossing to stand beside Maria.

"I am certain."

There was a pause; then, the castle-spirit changed. It was an abrupt change: one moment Maria was holding the hand of the god-like figure; the next, the hand belonged to a different creature entirely. He was younger now, a man, but just barely; and, unlike most men, he looked up into Maria's eyes. His flesh was the exact colour of the stone in the walls. His hair was still brown and curly, but bits of it had been torn out, leaving areas of missing skin, some with fresh or dried blood upon them. His left eye was bruised and swollen shut and the rest of his body was covered with bruises and cuts, both minor and life-threatening, though none were now open. Only one part of his body was undamaged, and that, though smaller than before, was still pointing straight forward and hard as a pillar of marble. Maria gasped involuntarily; but then she leaned forward, the leather pouch that hung from her neck swinging to hit him in the chest, and kissed him upon the mouth.

"Now," she said, "one more thing. We believe our friend Janice to be some place in here, possibly imprisoned. Hast seen her? She is about of a size with Anna &#8212;" she gestured at that lady "&#8212; but with hair of a brilliant red and eyes of green."

The Castle paused for a moment and stared blankly through Maria. "Is this thy friend?" he asked, turning and pointing down a corridor that hadn't been there before. The hallway led, in a very few feet, to a prison cell, of which the nearest wall was of iron bars the height of the ceiling and with a low door of the same. Beyond these, a naked female figure sat hunched upon the floor with her back to a wall of stone, her red hair fallen over her face.

"Janice?" called Anna, hurrying down the corridor, Fatima and Fred slightly behind her. The figure raised her head.

"It is she!" said Maria. "O, let her out!"

The Castle looked up at her with longing. "And then, we shall...?"

"Certainly, only let her out!"

The door to the cell swung open with a click and a loud scraping; Anna and Fatima embraced their friend, but the Castle held Maria's hand, preventing her from making a similar greeting. He opened a door that had not been there before, revealing a large bed-chamber with a canopied bed, and led her inside. The door disappeared when he closed it. "My friends &#8212;" Maria began.

"They're safe. They're cut off again from the guards and the monsters." The Castle replied. He led her to the bed, and she lay down; and he paused for a moment, just looking at her. She was worth looking at: her bosoms were large and firm, her waist smoothly curved; the hair below her belly was sparse, leaving her most precious possession clearly displayed; even her toes were softly and prettily formed. "Help me," the Castle demanded after a moment. "What should I do?"

Maria smiled, her fear of that fleshy spear evaporating as she concentrated more upon his eyes; for these held no more malice than a dog's. "Lie down here," she ordered, patting the bed beside her; and, when he had done so, his manhood pointing directly upward, she climbed fully onto the bed and, kneeling, straddled his body. She leaned forward and kissed him again, and their tongues danced in the combined cavern of their mouths. Then Maria sat up straight again, took a deep breath, located his rod with her fingers, and lowered herself down upon it.

She let the breath out again almost immediately in a sudden gasp as he filled her inner chamber; the sensation was beyond all words. It was both like and unlike her habitual revelries with her female friends &#8212; she could not compare it. She sank all the way down until her buttocks rested upon the hairy sac between his thighs, then leaned forward, pressing her breasts against his chest and forcing him as far into her love canal as was possible. Both groaned with pleasure, and kissed again, lying for a moment simply being connected.

Then, she lifted her loins slightly, before dropping down again, forcing him back into her. She repeated this, and this time he lifted himself, anticipating her, forcing himself as far into her body as he could. They fell into a natural rhythm, she rising and falling, he falling and rising; both gasping and crying out. Maria could feel him throughout her body now, as though his organ extended all the way to her head; and they seemed to be floating above all else, and constantly rising, rising, 'til there could be no more pleasure. Maria screamed, arched her back, as it overcame her, then collapsed across his chest; and her bladder, whose fullness she had not yet noticed, nevertheless opened, soaking her lover, herself and the bed with warmth.

"Maria? Did I hurt thee?" His voice was urgent, and worried.

"No," she whispered; then, louder: "No, that was beautiful." She bestirred herself. "But, thou hast not yet finished &#8212; that's hardly fair." She lifted herself slightly, beginning again, then changed her mind; instead, she enforced her hands beneath his back and her feet beneath his legs and, without uncoupling for a moment convinced him to roll over with her and lie atop her. "It gets better," she assured him, her urine still leaking slowly out between them. "Come."

He needed no other urging, but lifted his body and pressed himself further into her; and they were off again, pounding against each other urgently. He had fallen away from his goal in his worry over her, but now regained ground quickly, grimacing with each thrust, almost as though in pain; while she seemed almost on fire, and her nipples, rubbing sensuously against his bare chest, enhanced it. And now it was he, puffing as though he reached the top of a hill, who cried out as the sensations below, entirely new to him, overwhelmed him; he clutched her to him, pressing himself all the way in, and she felt him spray one, two, three times inside her. This pushed her over the top for a second time, and she embraced him, too, with both arms and legs, crying out so that it nearly deafened him in her ecstasy.

Then both collapsed, still connected, as liquids of various sorts slid out between them, soaking them and the bedclothes. "That was amazing," the Castle whispered after a moment.

They did not sleep that night, nor did Maria's friends waiting outside.

