Tammy and Scott Chapter Six (Introduction to Gary)

21st September 2012, 10:00 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Just when my mind was swirling with ideas for her, Scott and myself, Tammy hit me with a new one. She came home from work a little late this afternoon and told me it was time for another talk. With that mischievous glint in her eye she told me to fix us a drink while she put her stuff up then meet her on the porch. I checked her out closely, looking for signs of wetness or anything that may give me a hint of what was coming up. I didn't see a hair out of place, though I figured she was going to have another story about something she and Scott did that day.

I was waiting for her on the porch when she came out still wearing the skirt and top she had worn to work. I know this is going to sound so clichй, but Tammy grinned, and bluntly asks me how I felt about her with the milk man. It took a second to switch gears in my mind. I then laughed and told her we didn't have a milk man. With a dreamy look, she said «I do.» With that she hiked up her skirt and, straddling me, gently settling onto my lap. Tammy grabbed my head from behind and pulled me to her lips. She gave me a long passionate kiss then reached and got the wine I had set on the table for her. Leaning back slightly she sipped from the glass.

I was feeling it for a moment before it dawned on me, she was peeing. She knows this is probably my favorite thing in the world for her to do. I love the feel of her hot pee running through my jeans and underwear and over my dick and balls. By the time she was finished I was soaked and rock hard. She kissed me deeply again then got off my lap and set down facing me in her own chair. Spreading her legs purposefully so I could gaze at her wet panties, she began telling me about Gary, the man who delivers milk for the school lunchroom.

It seems they had been innocently flirting for some time now and he had been getting more serious for the last couple of weeks. I ask her if anything had happened yet. She told me that she had flashed him her panties a couple of times but that was all till today. She told me all about him and how cute he was. I ask her if he was into pee play. She smiled and said «That's why we are having this conversation.»

She went on to explain that she figured Scott was enough for us to deal with right now, and hadn't tried to get too serious with Gary. However; he did talk her into meeting him after school today. There is a little parking spot next to the river just down the road from the school. Really, it's no more that a wide spot beside the road where fisherman sometimes park. They agreed to meet there. Tammy didn't think she would get in to much trouble there, she said with a laugh.

She continued telling me that she had stayed seated in her car while he got out of his truck came around to talk with her. Tammy said almost immediately he asks her for a peek of her panties. He had already told her he had a fetish for them. «A man after my own heart» I responded. Tammy laughed and said she had thought the same thing. Anyway, she had given him a quick peek. «Not so fast» he said as she pulled her skirt back down. I was looking at the same plain white nylon panties he had seen, now wet with her pee. I'll bet he got hard seeing them.

I was starting to get into this story as she talked. She wasn't that late so I knew they didn't have time to get into anything much, but I wanted to hear every detail of what they did do. The scenes unfolded in my mind like watching a movie. She said Gary had reached into the car and placed his hand on her leg just above the knee. Tammy let him slowly move his hand up her leg pushing the skirt up with it. When he got to her panties he grabbed the hem of the skirt and raised it up to her belly getting a full view of her panties. He then started to rub her pussy through the panties. Tammy said she couldn't resist spreading her legs letting him have full access to her pussy for a minute. He had started to work a figure inside but Tammy stopped him telling him she had to pee really badly. She said she really was not that desperate but wanted to judge his reaction.

I was getting even more turned on as I watched Tammy start to slowly rub the outside of her panties while she continued telling her story. Something about another man's hand in my wife's panties makes me so horny. I was very interested at this point. «What did he say to that?» I ask excitedly. «He told me to go ahead» she said, sounding a little surprised. Tammy told him she was serious, she really needed to pee. Gary told her he «was serious too. Go ahead and pee,» he told her. Sadly before things could go further someone else pulled in. Gary had smiled at Tammy and said» saved by the bell.» Tammy quickly rearranged her skirt and they said their goodbyes. The last thing Gary said as he walked to his truck was «To be continued.»

I guess that is where I'll leave this story for now

«TO BE CONTINUED»

