Bikini girl grocery slash

15th January 2010, 10:07 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Lana was going down the street in her bikini-clad body. She was having a great day with her friends on the beach, but they had run out of drinks and she had been sent out on a most critical mission: finding some.

Lana really was a stunning figure in her black bikini. Her dirty blond hair flowed lazily as she walked without hurry. Her bikini really showed off her well tanned butt of course, magnificient at the top of her long legs, her calves really enhanced as she wore her high heels. But what attracted the attention were her barely contained tits, all the men were oggling her as she went up the street to the nearby grocery store. The fact that she was only carrying her wallet and her mobile phone and no towel or any other adornment to conceal her skin only accentuated her almost nudity.

She got into the grocery store and perused the alleys, looking for the drinks and perhaps a snack or two. A bored girl sat at the cashier desk, reading a magazine as the only other customer was an elderly woman looking at postcards.

She set off for the far end of the store, toward the drink section. There really one no one at this hour of the afternoon, everybody being at the beach, and she was a bit pissed off that she had to come all the way there and miss some sun. She was sure the other girls were having fun back on the beach!

She looked at the drinks and suddenly could not remember what Emma had wanted. "Shit", she thought to herself. And to think that the girls were having fun! Fortunately she had taken her phone with her.

She got her phone and heard a noise, looking up she could see that the elderly woman had finally chosen her postcards and was checking out. "Shit, there really is no one, I could go butt-naked and no one would ever see me!"... "Butt naked"...

Suddenly, a very naughty but oh how delicious rose in her mind. She grabbed her phone, looking up Emma's number, all the while looking up the two alleys that were leading to the cashier desk. No one there. She smiled to herself. She was going to have fun.

Holding her phone with her right hand, she casually slipped her bikini bottom off to the high of her tighs while squatting down. She then concentrated on her phone, all the while relaxing slowly.

Her hormones were going like crazy. Here she was, in the middle of a grocery store, with her bottoms and about to take a very naughty slash on the tiled floor.

She tried relaxing a bit more and she could feel a slow trickle falling down on the tiles. The trickle grew slowly becoming a nice stream impacting the tiles with a faint noise as she was squatting real low.

She did not look, behaving as if it was the most normal thing to do and seemingly concentrated on her phone. She could however feel the relief in her bladder and the warmth as her stream escaped her pussy lips. She could also feel a few splashes on her heels and ankles.

The flow continued unabatted, the puddle growing slowly over the tiles. Her hormones were now raging and she could feel the beginning of an orgasm, building off the thrill of her naughty deed.

She was already going for more than twenty seconds and was just getting to her mid-bladder when her stream began to hiss lightly, covering the splashing on the floor. She did not even look up or try to stop it, she could still hear the elderly woman and the cashier talking, both blissfully unaware of her actions. She did look down quickly, her puddle now reaching the alley in its never ending expansion. She could just suppress a giggle thinking about the cashier mistaking that for some spilled drink.

Thrilled by her performance, in her mind she could just imagine what it would be if all her pees could be like this. Unbidden, the remembrance of one of her favorite serie of naughty stories came back "Alternate World" by an author named BadBoy on one of her favorites forums. In this serie, girls would never go to the toilets, instead they would just squat wherever they happened to be (hallways, alleys in libraries, around the pool, next to their bed, ...) and spray their honey coloured juices anywhere they wished (carpets, tiled floors, ...) under the lustfull stare of boys. Hum...

Finally she was reaching the end of her pee. She shook her ass firmly, her cheeks dancing with the motion. The last dribbles fell down to the floor in the middle of her puddle, now making its way under the rack.

Holding her phone and wallet with her right hand, she used her left hand to readjust her bikini bottom. Then she clickly bent at the waist to wipe a few drops of her pees from her ankles.

Then, having found the number of Emma, she pushed the "Dial" button and stepped from her puddle, then went back just for the sheer of walking into her puddle and witnessing one last time the testimony of her naughty deed. She then began looking for snacks until her friend gave her her order.

End

What "Lana" (or whoever she might be) did not know of course, was that every single moment of her leak was captured on CCTV and would end up on the internet.

And I could not resist but posting it in the gallery.

