The Apprentice Pisser Episode 2 Pt 1

30th September 2010, 10:46 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

The Apprentice Pisser Episode 2 Pt 1

(Sorry for the delay, rl intruded as it does). This Episode is about desperation, and holding but the first part has naughty pissing too

****

Now on the Fetish Channel, Episode 2 of 'The Apprentice Pisser'

The camera cut tight to Sophie, who was standing in just pale blue top, and white skirt , legs crossed and hopping from one foot to the other.

"Hello and welcome to week two of The Apprentice Pisser" she announced in short breathy gasps

"This week we'll be taking a look, a good close look, at the pleasures of holding your wee till you're bursting, and what happens if you wait just that little bit too long...Oh No" she gasped, and lifted up her skirt revealing aqua knickers, which viewers saw in a pristine dry state for about one second before a hot torrent of pee burst forth and began to soak them turning the garment a much darker shade before escaping in a stream downwards from her crotch area, and in secondary rivulets down the side of her legs

Co-hosts Maggie and Sharon came in close for a really good view, pointing and giggling at the sight of the host losing control and pissing herself. Staged though it all undoubtedly was, it certainly made for erotic viewing. On and on the piss flowed from Sophie and she sighed from relief and pleasure. Her love of, and skill at, watersports was one of the reasons she had been chosen for the job, and her holding skills were exemplary, meaning she'd been completely full before releasing, so the pee just kept flowing and flowing, forming a lovely pool of golden pee in front of her.

A huge damp stain had spread covering the vast majority of her panties

, front and back, by the time the stream finally slowed to droplets and she finally stopped. Sophie felt incredibly sexy. It was hot enough to wet your knickers, full stop, but to do it in front of hundreds of thousands of tv viewers, and a full studio audience, and to have them cheer and applaud her for it was tipping her off the scale. She knew she'd have to find somewhere to 'take care of herself' at the first opportunity

"Oh No" she said in mock horror "I've wet my knickers", adding with a wink to camera, "I'm such a naughty girl"

The credits rolled and at their end we cut to Maggie who announced

"Yes, this week to test our contestants we'll be having our very own holding contest. There's something very sexy about the feel of a full bladder, and that feeling of knowing there will be so much hot piss to release when you finally decide to let go"

"Developing good bladder control is also important" cut in Sophie "if you enjoy giving golden showers you'll want to ensure the recipient gets a decent soaking, not just a few dribbles. We want to see how long our girls can hold it for, hence the holding contest"

"We could be nice and just allow them to give up and use the loo when they can't hold anymore" said Sharon "but we know what you guys are like, so we thought we'd make them hold until they wet themselves"

"Besides which, many people find the act of wetting themselves very sexy" said Maggie, looking pointedly at Sophie "so we wouldn't want them to miss out on that potential delight".

Sophie went on to describe the rules: "Last week Helen led the Champagne Soakers to victory, so she gets a bye this week. that leaves 4 left on each team. 3 team members on each side will take part in the contest. The fourth will try and put off the other team. They can do this in any way they like, except touching".

'The Champagne Soakers' are Lucy, Erica, Nicolette and Tori. Tori took the captaincy and the girls had a quick chat. "I'm always wetting my knickers after a night out or whenever" said Nicolette "I think I have a really small bladder and drinks just go right through me".

"No problem" said Tori " you'll be the distractor, but you've got to make sure you distract the other team"

Kimberley, Tammi, Michelle, and Angela were 'Golden Rain' Kimberly was the captain and Angela said "I'll be a fantastic distractor. I'll make it so tough for them, they'll all wet themselves and you'll win easily" and thus became the distractor

"Okay" said Maggie, "so no-one has an unfair advantage, you all get to go to the toilet now". The camera followed the six girls down the corridor to the studio loos. Kimberley, Michelle and Erica entered the 3 stalls of the ladies' loos. Soon the lovely hissing sound of 3 girls pissing could be heard as the cameras viewed them sat in the toilet cubicles.

"I wouldn't want anyone saying I had an unfair advantage, emptying my bladder after the others" said Tammi, and slipping off her red skirt and navy blue panties she hopped up onto the formica counter embedded into which were the 3 sink units. Facing forward, with her legs on either side of the sink and her arms in front of her to support her, Tammi began to wee a steady yellow stream into the sink.

She had really enjoyed the naughty pissing task and suddenly the thought of peeing in an ordinary toilet seemed such a waste. She was going to be trying out lots of fun places to pee in future. Meanwhile she shuffled back as far as she could, till she was against the mirror. This meant that she could now spray over the sink taps. Hot urine splashed off them. With her final few seconds of pee, she sent a few squirts of pee over the formica on each side of her sink unit.

"Nice one" said Lucy, "but I'm too lazy to get up there" and so saying, she pulled her black knickers to one side, and jetted her honey coloured pee all over the floor of the loo, swinging her hips round to ensure the piss covered the widest possible area.

"You dirty bitch" Erica remarked admiringly, swiftly stepping out of the 'flight path' of Lucy's golden spray

Erica emerged from the stall and Tori took her place. " I see you're going to be a good girl too" called Tammi. "Don't bet on it" she replied, and without lifitng the toilet seat lid, simply sat down on the closed toilet, removed her pink skirt and white knickers, and began to piss. Consequently the golden piss poured everywhere, soaking the seat in hot golden liquid, and streaming onto the floor leaving a lovely puddle in the cubicle.

"Oops" said Tori "I seem to have accidentally forgotten to lift the seat lid up"

The camera followed the girls as they headed back to the stage, ready to begin the holding contest

