Airport accident

27th November 2015, 09:26 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

My husband had to go out of town for work in a town near Las Vegas, Nevada. His duties kept him out there for a little over two weeks. About 4 days longer than he had planned. Knowing how I absolutely hated him having to go away on these trips, he felt bad about the extra days. He wanted to make it up to me... he wanted to surprise me and do something nice for me. As he was driving to the airport, he kept noticing advertisements for the big NASCAR race. He thought to himself.. Hmmm.. That would be a great surprise. He then started looking for more advertisements, trying to catch the dates, hoping it would be this weekend.

A few miles down the road, he saw another sign. He slowed down, so he could read the dates. With much surprise and some luck...the race was this weekend. With it already being Wednesday, he decided it would be crazy to fly home just to fly back out in two days. He started making a few calls, first he secured us a hotel room, then he purchased our race tickets. Next, he called me, he started the conversation with... I have some bad news. He sighed, then murmured out the words... "I'm not going to be home tonight like I planned". I sat on the line silent, trying to keep from getting angry. I softly began to speak. My voice shaky..I remind him this is why I dislike this job. It's too unpredictable.

The longer we chat, the more irritated I become. Finally he decides I've had enough, he lets out a giggle...then asks me " do you really miss me that much?". I say you have no idea how much I miss you!! He lets out a little ahhhh... Then proceeds to tell me " I have a little surprise for you". I excitedly ask what? Hoping he would say he was already in town, but no it was much more exciting than that. He says I'm not coming home because you are coming here!! I booked you a ticket for tonight. You leave at 8:20 so go home and pack your bags. After my squeals and screams of excitement, you say "all yah... We are going to the las Vegas NASCAR race on Sunday so bring the race gear.

I rushed home, packed my bags, grabbed the race gear, dropped the kids off to my mothers house. Headed on my way to the airport. I made a stop for gas, while there, I grabbed up a large soda. I hit some unexpected traffic on the drive. The jam up pushed me into running on the late side. I arrived at the airport about 30 minutes before my flight. I really have to pee, I really want to make a pee break.

As I headed towards the restrooms, I notice the security line was unusually long. I would be lucky if I made it through in time as it was. I no way have time to stop to relieve my full bladder. As I am retrieving my belongings from the security belt, I hear them call last call for my flight. I grab my things, start running to my gate. Fortunately, I make it just in time. As I enter the walkway, the attendant shuts the door behind me. I find my way to my seat, quickly put my bag in the overhead, sit down and fasten my belt.

Almost immediately the plane starts to taxi out the runway. I have to pee so bad!!! I'm about to burst, and I'm trapped in this seat. I know they don't allow people out of their seats during takeoff, but I was in a panic. I gave it a shot, I got the attendants attention, then I quietly, and very nervously explained my situation. As he was looking at me, he seemed like he was going to have some empathy and let me go. But instead he grabbed my hand, squeezed gently and said...

I'm very sorry I cannot let you while we are in takeoff. I can tell you we should only be confined to our seats for about twenty more minutes. I wiggled and bounced around the whole twenty minutes. It was the longest twenty minutes of my life. The plane finally leveled out, and the seatbelt signs went out. I was so excited when the seatbelt sign went out, that I felt a little relief. The feeling was just brief.

All of a sudden, I have a intense urge to pee. I have to stop and clinch my muscles to regain control. In that brief minute or two, the line for the restroom was six people deep. OMG!! I'm so not going to make it!! I decide it would be best to stay in my seat and wait just in case I lose control. The aisle is very busy with passengers and attendants. The attendants are passing out drinks and snacks. For some crazy reason, when I have to pee really bad, I am extremely thirsty also. So I know I will want a drink eventually, so I order a double shot of captain and a coke. With my drink, I start to relax, my urge calms down immensely. I decide that I'm going to try to stay relaxed and try to hold my bladder as long as possible.

Hoping that I can hold it until I land in Vegas. I would love nothing more than to surprise my husband with bursting in public moment. My flight only has about 15-20 minutes before we land, I'm starting to feel a lot of full bladder pressure. I'm determined to hold on and give my husband the shock and thrill of his life. As my plane taxis in, its extremely urgent!! I'm beyond wiggling and bouncing, I'm cringing, squeezing my legs together as tight as I can. I even unbuttoned the top button on my jeans to help relieve some pressure. I get my bag from the overhead, take my place in the aisle, wait patiently to exit the plane. The line is moving very slowly.

My body tensing up, As I stand there stiff, desperately trying to control my about to burst bladder. Finally I reach the doors, I take off, walking very briskly towards baggage claim. That's where I am supposed to meet my husband. I finally reach the escalators, most people are just standing. I squeeze my way passed people, trying to reach the baggage claim before I burst. I get to the bottom, frantically looking for flights claim spot. Shockingly, I notice my husband, and take off in his direction. Within seconds, he spots me. I see him start to giggle... I know that face...he for sure has noticed my desperation. I bet he's wondering just how desperate I am. As I become closer and closer to him, I am getting more and more aroused. My growing arousal is only increasing my urgency. Finally I reach him... I wrap my arms around him, hug onto him.

He pulls me close, tightly embraces my body against his. He's purposely pressing his adomen against mine, just knowingly teasing my full bladder. The look on his face, is a dead giveaway of his arousal. Just seeing him getting so worked up, was turning me on immensely. I leaned into him and whispered..."baby, please find my bag fast, I'm about to lose control right here. He took a deep breath, let out a sigh and said oh my god... you know how hot I would think that was? You know there is something about watching a woman desperate to pee, I find super hot. If you lose control right here, that would absolutely turn me on so much. Knowing how much watching me wet myself here in public would turn him on, made all kinds of naughty thoughts run through my mind. The ornery thoughts only intensified not only my urge to pee, but also my arousal.

Standing stiffly, holding my legs together as tight as I can, I'm not going to make it. I drop down to my knees, crouching down next to my husband, I grab ahold tightly onto his jeans. Slightly bowing my head downwards, staring at the floor, concentrating on holding my bladder. Struggling to get control, I feel my body start to quiver. Gripping onto his jeans tighter and tighter, my body continues to quiver faster and faster. I cannot seem to regain control.

Suddenly i start to feel tiny beads of sweat gather on my forehead. I'm about to lose it. I definitely sure of it. This isn't my first time in this situation. I tug downward on his jeans, look up to him...smile with an ornery grin, and softly murmur the words...uh-oh. He knows I'm about to burst. He smiles, gently places his hand on my head, and whispers "it's ok babe...just let it go..get some relief. Uncontrollably trembling, feeling all kinds of emotions running through me. I felt nervous, scared ,embarrassed and highly aroused all at once. My whole body was rocking with excitement and nerves. My husband reached down, grabbed my hands, and pulled me up to standing position. He wrapped his arms around me, and pulled my body close to his,

He firmly, yet gently pressed his adomen up against my very full protruding belly. Purposely putting pressure on me. I could feel his heart beating rapidly, and his body slightly trembling with excitement. I could feel his excitement through our embrace. Tiny little vibrations trickled through our touch. As we stood there, the intensity of the vibes grew. Within a minute, I was so turned on from his arousal, I couldn't hold on any longer.

I felt my body tense up, my knees felt like they were going to buckle. Then before I could even take another breath, I was bouncing and crouching all over the place. My body was limp, my husband just kept his arms around me, holding me up. I felt a extreme vibration run through my entire body. My pussy was now tingling. I was so turned on and horny...I couldn't hold on any longer. I grabbed ahold my husbands hands, gripped them tight, then softly whisper to him..."well here goes" He held onto my hands, and slowly moved them down between my legs.

He wanted to feel my wetness. Slowly at first my pee trickled out. Dampening the crotch of my light colored blue jeans. I could tell he was feeling the wetness and it was turning him on. The flow was staying at a slow trickle. Small streams were running down my legs. As he watched the wetness stream down, making marks on my jeans, his arousal was growing extremely. He couldn't resist from touching my pussy. Suddenly he was rubbing my pussy through my jeans. As he massaged my hot, wet pussy, my urge became more urgent. I couldn't wait...

I was so full, so horny... I wanted him right there right now. Just thinking about having him, pushed me over the edge. I lost it. Without any notice, my hot juices were exploding out of my hot little pussy. My liquids were streaming down my legs, onto the floor. Between the two of us, was quite a little puddle. Both of us very horny, we quickly separated, grabbed my bags and headed for the car. My jeans very obvious of my accident. Wet streaks running from my crotch to my ankles. We raced to the parking garage. Along the way, shedding our clothes. Finally we get to the car, he opened the trunk, to put the bags in.

After tossing the bags in, he couldn't wait another second. He grabbed me up, pushed me against the back of the car and started kissing me intensely. He paused briefly, turned me around, bent me over the trunk and stripped my panties off. He moved in close, licked his fingers, and then slid them inside my wet pussy. He fingered me briefly, before giving me what I was wanting. Finally he slid his hard cock inside me. It felt so good... I've been craving his cock for so long. I was still so full and turned on, I knew I wouldn't last long. He gave me about six or seven deep, pulsating thrusts before I lost it. I burst into a soaking wet orgasm right there in the parking garage. It was one of the best sexual encounters I've ever had.

