Roommates Part 10: The Hot Tub

26th May 2013, 05:59 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

"I have a surprise for you," Starla said, as they walked toward the collection of shops at the outlet mall. Denise smiled, wondering what Starla had in mind. It had already been an eventful few days with both girls enjoying the pleasure of wetting themselves privately, publicly, and together, as well as pleasuring each other a few times. Even on their way from the train station to the outlet mall, Denise had watched enraptured as Starla peed herself several times, soaking her legs and leaving a puddle on the ground. Denise had not peed since the train and hoped the surprise included a bathroom trip.

"Now I'm scared," Denise joked. "What is it?" Starla just grinned and took Denise's hand, leading her down a corridor of stores, passing a place that sold purses and bags, a shoe store, and a children's clothes store. Denise also thought she spotted a sign that said RESTROOMS and she felt a familiar twinge in her bladder. "Can we stop by the bathroom first?" she asked.

"Nope, no time. We have an appointment." They finally rounded a corner and Starla stopped in front of a wide pane of glass. Inside were women sitting at hair dryers, others getting their nails done, and more waiting patiently in cozy chairs. Above the wide pane of glass was a sign that read NEW DAY SPA. Denise gasped.

"This place has everything," Starla said. "A full beauty salon, massage parlor, hot tubs, you name it they probably do it. I booked us some hot tub time, massages, and we can get our nails and hair done, too, if you want. My treat. Are you in?"

"I'm in." Denise said, without hesitation.

Inside, the girls were escorted to a private room where a large tub stood steaming in the center. The room was decorated with a variety of foliage and impressive artwork. "Okay ladies," the escort said, "Feel free to undress and relax. I will lock this door as I leave. When your time is up, the light above the hot tub will blink. I will give you enough time to become decent again and then I will return. Any questions." Both girls shook their heads and the lady left them, locking the door behind her with a loud thunk.

No longer finding any reason to be shy, Denise and Starla undressed. Starla quickly stepped eagerly up to the tub and stepped in. "Ohhh, this is so nice," she said. "Come on in, Denise."

Denise hesitated. "I kind of have to pee," she said.

"Well... pee here, then. The water is hot and I'm sure people pee in it all the time."

Denise bit her lip. "I kind of want to... um..."

"Oh, you naughty girl," Starla said, grinning. "You want to pee on the floor, don't you?" Denise nodded. She noted the damp tile floor around the hot tub, wet from splashes from the bubbly water as well as from bathers entering and exiting. "Go ahead," Starla said. "Stand right there and go."

Keeping her legs together, Denise sighed and let go. She moaned as the stream sprayed against her inner thighs and trickled down her legs, tickling her clitoris. She opened her eyes and peered down, watching her warm pee as it soaked her legs and feet and made a puddle on the tile floor. She spread her legs a little and pushed, smiling as her stream sprayed out and splashed loudly against the floor. Her flow finally slowed to a light trickle as she climbed the steps to the tub, allowing the last few drops to fall as she walked.

«Wow,» Starla said. «That was just… wow.» Denise grinned as she stepped into the hot tub. To her surprise, the warm water seemed to trigger something and she started peeing again, just a soft trickle that added to the water's already comforting warmth.

«I don't know how I'm going to top that,» Starla said. She stood up and looked around the room, wondering if there was any way she could top Denise's performance. Smiling, she climbed up and sat her voluptuous rear end on the side of the hot tub. Denise watched as Starla spread her legs, licked her lips, and began to pee full force. It was a strong, messy pee that sprayed all over Starla's legs and splashed noisily into the hot tub. Even the sound of the bubbles could not mask the loud splashes as Starla sighed and continued to spray her warm pee into the water.

As she peed, Starla reached her hand down and caressed her vagina, soaking her fingers but not seeming to care. Denise watched as she slipped her own fingers into her vagina under the warm water. Starla's stream began to dwindle, but her strokes did not and soon she was gasping and finally moaned as she climaxed. Denise caressed her clitoris and managed to squirt a little more pee into the hot tub as she also gasped and sunk deeper into the warm water, sighing as a small orgasm sent chills through her.

Both girls smiled at each other as Starla stepped back into the water and sunk to her breasts in the warm current of the hot tub.

