Happy new year message to all you ladies

3rd January 2010, 10:29 AM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

To all the ladies who want to let thier imagination run whilst they read this just imagine its you i'm writting to.

We're up in my old flat in Glasgow and walk up to the pub. There we have a great night drinking and chating telling each other all our secret fantacies neither of us either getting too drunk or going to the loo just drinking lager shandies all night till we're totaly full and nearly to the point of wetting our selves.

At this point we get up and slowly walk home stopping now and then to kiss and cuddle our bladders twitching in the need to pee.

Half way home in the darkness of the doggy walk you stop for another kiss I hold you in my arms kissing you my tounge playing round your lips and mouth, you jump up so your legs are wrapped round my waist your arms round my shoulders I support you under your butt holding you kissing you all the time. Then you lose control of your pee, you feel the wetness and warmth spread all round your sweet pussy the force of the stream tickling across your clit bringing you close to orgasm.

When I feel your hot pee spreading across my crutch and flowing down my legs soaking me, my dick gets so hard you feel it against your pussy so you grind against me tipping yourself over the edge and coming as you're still peeing yourself. When you finaly stop peeing you lower yourself back down to the ground then undoing my fly you reach in and pull my hard throbing dick out from my pants and kneeling before me you take me gently into your mouth running your tonge round and round the ridge of my twitching cock.

"Pee for me " you say.

I strain to pee not easy when its so hard but eventualy I start to pee. You hold my dick aiming it at your breasts soaking yourself then looking up straight into my eyes you slowly bring my stream of pee up towards your face you close yuor eyes for a moment and guide the stream all over your face and hair totaly soaking yourself before opening your eyes and aiming the stream into your mouth, taking the end of my dick into your mouth you let it fill. Then pinching on my dick you stop the flow while you slowly swallow whats in your mouth. Releasing and pinching you take all the rest of my pee not wasting a drop till I can pee no more then keeping the last mouthful in your mouth you stand up again and kiss me sharing the last mouthful with me.

Even though it's a warm night our clothes now totaly soaked thru soon cool, so we quickly walk home our arms wrapped round each other.

The house is lovely and warm so we undress each other as soon as we get in. Leaving a trail of wet clothes along the hallway to the bedrooom. I lift your sweet naked body onto the fourposter bed laying you face down I pick up the bottle of baby oil and pour a generous amont onto your back covering you in a warm film of the oil I start to massage you. Starting at your feet I gently rub my thumbs over the soles then up your calves, picking your legs up I suck on your toes running my tonge between them sucking them one by one into my mouth, One leg at a time I massage behind your knees and on up your thighs then kneeling between your legs I massage your bum rolling your cheeks so your sweet little butt hole appears and disappears from my view winking at me almost.

Leaning forwards my hands carry on up your back massaging and kneeding you all the time.

You then turn over and I start again at your feet rubbing my hands and fingers slowly up your legs till I'm nearly at your pussy, you lift and seperate your knees spreading yourself wide open. I look down at your sweet pussy and see how swollen and wet it is, your juices flowing from your hole and running down acroos your butt hole. Your pussy lips seperating like a flower opening your clit standing hard i can see it twitching as I look down. My hands carry on up your body either side of your pussy not quite touching you where you so obviously want me too then on up to your wonderful breasts. Taking more oil I rub and kneed your breasts and shoulders running my hands across your nipples so you can feel your nipples vibrating softly in the gaps between my fingers, then back down across your tummy. " Don't press to hard there." You say "I need to pee again."

I can feel the hardness of your bladder under my hands your tummy swollen with your pee.

I slide my knees towards you and pulling you up by your thighs so that your butt is resting on my legs, I take hold of your legs behind your knees and push and seperate your legs so that your knees are level with your breasts. Looking down I can see the way your outer lips are swollen with desire causing your inner lips to seperate showing me the pinkness of your vagina, your juices forming bubbles inside. I lean forward and run my tonge gently around the outside of your pussy up and down in the fold between your inner and outer lips over the top of your clit and back down to the opening of your pussy. Round and round the entrance to your sweet pussy you feel my tonge, sending little electric shocks across the sensitive nerve endings that surrond you there.

Eventualy you can hold back no more and come and pee at the same time. Your hot sweet pee filling my mouth. I swallow as much as I can, then pull back to watch as your golden fountain gains strength spraying into the air coming back down to land across your breasts, I feel you push a bit harder and watch as you open your mouth and catch your own pee there.

You push me off and sitting up you kiss me our tonges dancing together your hot pee dribling from our mouthes and running down our chests mixing with the oil that you are covered with, Your breasts slide against my chest our nipples rubbing against each other we hold ourselves tight against each other kissing all the time. The love we're feeling for each other almost causing our hearts to explode the feeling is so intence. All night we carry on in this fasion until we fall into a deep exhausted sleep our arms and legs wrapped around each other and stay this way until we awaken in the morning. Wishing you a very Happy Wet New Year and lots of love xoxoxoxox.

