Reality Pee Parties (Summer Months)

26th October 2010, 10:12 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

When I began this series on "reality pee" parties I promised to be realistic and not embellish or resort to fiction. I have not posted for several months, most of the summer actually, because the two parties we did attended (July and September) were real duds. Thats right, they were boring, uninteresting, and downright boring.

Heres the scoop:

The party in July was poorly attended, only two other couples besides Josh and myself. Normally you would think a smaller group would be a bit more intimate. This wasn't the case. First of all, it was extremely hot outside - 95 degrees that weekend. While we all drank lots in anticipation for the get together, we also perspired lots. This actually caused our pee to be a bit stronger than usual. Next, I dont know about the rest of you, but having an audience is a terrific turn on for me.

With only two other couples present there seemed to be more participants than audience. There is probably something wrong with me but I need the audience. Oh, I enjoy the sport of peeing, even solo peeing but the real bang comes from being part of the group. Another thing I really like is the social side of the event. In reality the peeing side almost becomes secondary to the social side for me. We all took turns peeing and being peed upon, but in the heat and with the small group it just did not work for us this month.

There was no get together in August, mostly due to vacations and other schedule conflicts.

In September we were more enthused as three other couples besides ourselves were present. One couple was in their 60's, and two couples in their 30's. The party was held all inside as the host couple lives in a condo. For me I prefer to be outside when entertaining. Josh and I as you all recall are nudists and the backyard here is all private so we can party naked without fearing prying eyes. The party was ok, but just not as enjoyable. I think since we all knew it was a beautiful summer evening and we were in the windoless basement played on our minds.

Now the good news:

Josh and I hosted the October party! The weather was unbelieveable and we had 6 couples in attendance besides Josh and myself. I'll post about that aprty soon!

Love, Em

