[Fiction] Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 3

15th September 2013, 05:35 PM

Author: somedood123

Location: internet (Sex: Male) Posts: 63

Hello again.

So I kind of forgot where I was going with this and realized I had already started writing the contents of Sharon's morning when I was writing the previous installment. I think I may have screwed up in a way. I'm so bad at telling stories within stories - or maybe good - depending on your perspective. Needless to say, they always end up longer and more detailed that what I originally plan, and thus end up becoming the main part of the story. So you have a story within a story, with the "sub-story" being the primary part of the general story.

Anyway, if you have not read the previous chapters, I would urge you to do so. They can be found at the following links.

Part 1

Part 2

Enjoy!

______

Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 3

The next morning Sharon awoke to a familiar feeling in her abdomen. She had to pee. Rising from her bed, she realized she was still wearing her bra, but aside from that, she was completely naked. As she began making her way to the bathroom for her regular morning shower, she recalled the events of last night. As she did, she passed through the living room where she had enjoyed a very naughty pee on the carpet just hours earlier. Sharon noticed a damp spot on the carpet, but there was no noticeable smell or any stain.

"Might as well just let it dry on its own", she thought.

Sharon entered the bathroom and immediately her bladder sent a signal that it was time for emptying. Sharon looked at the toilet, but decided against it.

"Surely, peeing in the toilet after what I did last night would be a bit too mundane", she said to herself.

"The shower? No, that would also be a bit too 'traditional'". She had peed in the shower before, but it wasn't something she did whenever given the chance. Instead, Sharon spotted the laundry basket and her discarded dress from the night before. She picked up the dress and held it up to her awaiting pussy.

With a sigh, Sharon released the hold on her bladder. Immediately, a golden stream began spraying out from between her pussy lips, some of it hitting the tile floor, but most of it soaking into her yellow sundress. When she had emptied what must've been about half of her bladder, she ceased her pee. The dress was completely soaked and there was a small yellow puddle at her feet. As she threw the dress into the laundry basket with the rest of her clothes, she knew she had just decided where to finish her morning pee.

Sharon adopted a semi-squatting position over the basket and then resumed her wonderful piss.

A strong hissing sound spread from in-between her legs, and a faint aroma of urine was beginning to be slightly noticeable in the room.

Sharon's pee seemed to go on for what seemed like forever, but alas, it had to come to an end, much to Sharon's displeasure.

Now everything in the laundry basket was either soaked or at the very least, quite damp. Feeling relieved and ready for the day ahead, Sharon stepped into the shower.

###

While showering, Sharon's mind began to wander. Peeing - how had she gone from having no interest in this activity to absolutely loving the idea (and act) of drenching the floor with her golden liquid. No matter. What mattered was that she really enjoyed it, and she was pretty sure her friend, Jenny, also did so. But how could she possible reveal this new-found joy to her friend? She couldn't just suddenly ask, "Hey! Do you like peeing?". But maybe... A plan began to take form in her mind.

She would invite Jenny over for an evening of drinks and what else might entail. Perhaps through being slightly inebriated, Sharon would be able to break out the secret somehow.

###

Fast forward a few days later, and the two girls were happily talking and giggling away in Sharon's apartment accompanied by a bottle of wine and other drinks. Sharon was beginning to feel the early signals of her bladder needing release. She knew that it would rapidly be filling up and she would have to go soon, but she was hoping that somehow she would be able to bring up the subject and hopefully be able to enjoy a naughty pee with Jenny. Sharon noticed that Jenny was beginning to fidget a bit, it would only be a matter of time before she too would be in dire need. Maybe then she would be able to bring it up, Sharon thought. But how? After a moment of thinking, Sharon figured she could make up a story that she heard from a "friend". The story wouldn't be completely made up as she had read something similar on the Internet earlier in day which had gotten her quite excited.

Moments later it was noticeable that Jenny was rather desperate to pee, after all, she had been drinking more than Sharon. It was obvious that the alcohol was also working, while neither of the girls were "drunk", they were definitely a little tipsy, Jenny more so than Sharon as evident by her openness; the topic of conversation had slowly begun to drift towards a more "erotic nature". Just then, something else happened mid-conversation.

"Oh, shoot! I really gotta pee!", Jenny exclaimed all of a sudden as she felt a tiny spurt make its way out, "Give me a moment.", she said, laughingly, as she stood up.

Sharon laughed, but then said, "Ooh! Wait, wait wait! That reminds me of a story a friend told me once! Come on, sit back down and hear this!".

"Can't it wait? I really gotta pee.", Jenny asked.

"I'll just forget it then. Don't worry, I'll be quick about it.", Sharon responded.

"Oh, alright then, I hope it is short then, 'cus I really have to go", Jenny said as she sat back down and crossed her legs.

###

"Ok, so get this, like I said, I heard this from a friend who heard it from one of her friends. Anyway, they were three girls, Sara, Nina and I think the last one's name was Cathy or something similar. Well, they were visiting a big city and had been spending a large amount of the day in what can only be described as an enormous shopping mall. Clothing, electronics, food and restaurants, you name it. The place was massive. It was a hot summer day, so naturally they tried to stay well-hydrated. This of course meant that they all needed the restroom sooner rather than later.

Anyway, they made their way to the restrooms, but the line was long so instead, they opted to find some other restrooms in another part of the mall. With a mall this big, there had to be more. Well, there probably were, but unfortunately for them, there were no clear directions. Stopping in front of a clothing store, Sara suggested they go in, pointing to the gorgeous clothing on display in the window. "But I have to pee!", Nina protested, she was obviously the most desperate one. Cathy said nothing, but agreed to go in and have a look.

"Oh, you can wait a few more minutes, come on!", Sara said.

Once inside, Cathy and Sara started browsing the clothing, Nina's mind, however, was focused on something completely different. "I think I'll try asking the girl at the register if they have an employee bathroom I can use", she said. "Whatever, you do that.", Sara responded.

"Hi. Uhm... I was just wondering if you have a restroom I could use, I'll be quick, I promise."

"Sorry, we don't have any restrooms in-store, we have to use the regular facilities just like everyone else. If you go towards the entrance, you'll find them there."

"But the line is really long, and I don't think I can hold on that long."

The register girl, being sympathetic, responded, "Oh tell me about it, I know the feeling. I'm really desperate too, but my break is in a few minutes. I'm sorry, but we don't have a staff bathroom."

Nina went back to her friends and said "Come on, you two. They don't have a bathroom here and I really, really have to go now. Let's just get out and find the facilities.".

"Oh, okay then, if it's that bad.", Sara replied.

###

"Come on, Sharon, you said it would be quick!", Jenny interrupted, obviously feeling a little fed-up with how long the story was turning out to be, but it was quite obvious that she was interested in seeing how the story would end. She looked to really be fighting to hold on now.

"Don't worry, it's almost done. I promise!", Sharon said in return.

###

Once outside the store, the three girls started pondering where to go for the bathrooms. The ones at the entrance probably had a 20 minute line and none of them were up for that. Nina noticed that both Cathy and Sara were shifting their legs nervously now. Just then, their talking was interrupted by another voice. It was the girl from the register. Her break had started.

"Hey. You three are looking quite desperate. Come with me. I'm Jasminda by the way.", she said.

Realizing they didn't have too much of a choice, the three girls followed.

"Where are you taking us?", Nina asked as Jasminda lead them down a hallway.

"Just a little room not many people know about. It's not used very often.", Jasminda replied.

After walking down several corridors, they stopped at a door. Jasminda opened it. Inside was a small storage room filled with shelves and boxes.

"Listen, there are no cameras around here and it's rare that anyone comes down here. Please don't tell anyone, but when I'm desperate and the lines for the restrooms are very long, I often go in here."

"What, like, on the floor?", Cathy asked.

"Yeah", Jasminda responded and pointed towards a corner of the room where a tissue could be seen on the floor. She was already beginning to lower her jeans.

"I know how awful it is to be desperate and not be able to get to a bathroom, and I just thought I'd help out.", she said as she moved to sit on the edge of a shelf for balance.

In her desperate state of mind, Nina didn't need much convincing, she was already lowering her shorts when Jasminda started peeing.

Her pee sprayed loudly on the cement floor of the room. It was quite obvious by how fast her stream reached maximum speed that this wasn't a new thing for her. "Oooh. This feels so good, I've been holding it all morning", Jasminda moaned, "Come on. It's okay. I told you, no one ever comes down here."

Shortly thereafter, another hissing sound took form in the room. Nina was busy squatting over the floor in the corner, peeing out a strong clear stream. Her pee made a large puddle on the floor, and stopped almost as abruptly as it had started.

Jasminda has also finished her pee and had just wiped herself with a tissue she pulled out of her pocket. As if it was nothing, she threw the used tissue into the pee puddle at her feet. Then she handed Nina a tissue as well who then proceeded to do the same.

"Okay, now how about you two?", Jasminda asked and looked at Cathy and Sara.

"I don't know. I've never just peed on the floor like that before... Besides, I think I can hold out in the line for the bathrooms.", Sara replied.

"Oh, just go. The floor is already wet and I don't want to have to wait for you two to stand in that long line.", Nina said.

Cathy was a little less hesitant and started hiking up her skirt, revealing her laced panties, "I guess you're right...", she said while lowering her panties.

"I can't believe you guys, but what the heck!", Sara said as she unbuckled her belt and started lowering her pants.

Cathy was the first to start peeing in her semi-squat, semi-standing position. Her pee stream made a strong hissing sound as it began pooling at her feet. "Hey, this is actually kind of fun! Try it!", she said to Sara who was having some issues getting started.

"Just imagine you're sitting on the toilet and it's your morning pee", Jasminda told her, "I also had trouble going when I first went down here".

Meanwhile, Cathy had finished peeing and Jasminda handed her a tissue which she too used to wipe her pussy and then threw to the puddle at her feet.

A moment later, Sara managed the first trickle. A few seconds later that turned into a powerful flow which quickly made a large semi-clear puddle on the floor. "Oh my, I needed that. You're right, it is quite fun!", she said.

As she finished up, Jasminda pulled out yet another tissue to which Sara did the same thing as the other girls.

"Well, seems like all our pee was fairly diluted. Hopefully that means the smell will be minimal!", Jasminda giggled.

"Thanks for showing us this place.", Nina said.

"No problem. Girls gotta have each other's backs, right? Feel free to use this room anytime you need.", Jasminda responded. "Anyway, I better get back to work".

And with that, they all went back into the main part of the mall.

###

"Sorry, that was a little longer than I planned.", Sharon said. Then she noticed that Jenny had her hand between her legs. She must've been holding herself, but it also looked as if she was rubbing herself sexually.

"What are you doing?", Sharon asked.

"Uh... Just, uh, holding on. Are you done with the story now?", Jenny said.

Ignoring her question, Sharon instead opted to say, "You really liked that story, didn't you?"

"What do you mean?", Jenny said, suddenly feeling a little embarrassed.

"Okay, okay. I guess I better confess.", Sharon said, "The other day when I borrowed your laptop to check my email, I noticed you had some tabs of women peeing in various places open. At first I was a little shocked, but then I kind of started getting excited at the thought of taking a nice long pee in some place you're not supposed to be peeing. In fact, when I got home that night, I enjoyed a nice hot pee on the carpet right over there", she said and pointed to the spot on the floor where she had relieved herself days earlier.

"Can we talk about this in a sec., I really gotta pee.", Jenny said as she got up to go to the bathroom.

"Oh come on, don't deny it! You would absolutely love to spray the carpet on the floor with your pee!", Sharon responded.

"Please don't tell anyone! But yes, I love peeing, have so for a few years now.", Jenny said, "So can I... pee on your floor?"

"Only if you let me go with you!", Sharon said and took off her shorts and panties.

Jenny didn't waste a second. She scooted to the edge of the couch and in one quick motion, she had her skirt hiked up and her panties pulled aside.

In that same moment, Sharon had moved to a squatting position on the floor with her legs spread wide.

"Okay, you ready?", Jenny asked, "I can't wait any longer now."

"Absolutely!", Sharon replied.

A mere second later, the room was filled by the sound of two girls enjoying a much needed pee. Jenny's stream was the strongest, hitting the carpet with great force as it slowly soaked in. "Mmm... I really needed this. Thank you, Sharon", she said.

Sharon was moaning with the pleasure of her own relief as her pee kept going. "Don't worry about it... In a way, I guess you could say you introduced me to this gorgeous activity!", she said.

Unfortunately, moments later, their bladders were all empty as evident by the large puddles visible on the floor.

"I had a dream about this the other night. Well, not quite this, but very similar. If you let me spend the night, I promise I'll tell you all about it, and I'll help you clean it tomorrow.", Jenny said.

"You've got yourself a deal.", Sharon said.

______

Thanks for reading. I'll probably be continuing this further down the line, but right now I have close to zero ideas as for how to proceed. If you have any suggestions, please don't hesitate to mention them. Thanks.

The story as told by Sharon was inspired by a story I discovered on Experienceproject. I posted it in the thread here.

