Girlfriend's naughty public pee

22nd October 2012, 08:18 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

*(For those of you who have yet to run across my thread in General Chat

, my girlfriend has no issue peeing outdoors in public wherever she pretty much pleases.)*

So, Friday night my girlfriend and I were at a Halloween party her friend was throwing. It was located just down the street from my girlfriend's house, so we walked both, to and from it. The party was small, consisting of only four couples whom my girlfriend an I were all friends with. It was more of a get together with costumes and beer. (What else would you expect from a party consisting of couples in their very early 20's? ) Considering this, we only stayed a little over 2 hours. It was midnight when we headed back to my girlfriend's.

Now, at the party I only had three beers to be social while my girlfriend pounded seven cans of Bud Light. This was typical for her meaning she was tipsy for sure, yet far from wasted. What struck me as odd is that I was pretty sure she only used the restroom once right after we arrived. She's definitely big bladdered, so maybe it shouldn't of been that odd. Just before we left I used the restroom and then both her and I headed back.

We weren't even half way back and she was using her fist to press the blue and white skirt that was part of her cheerleader costume into her crotch. She had the look of pure desperation on her face. She proclaimed: "I'm not going to make it home. I'm either going to wet myself or I'm going to have to piss on the street!" I knew she wouldn't hesitate to piss on the street or in someone's bushes, but I talked her into continuing on considering we were less than 10 minutes away.

Seeing her in a cheer-leading costume was already a turn on. She's about 5'8 has a solid build, thick thighs, large perfectly proportioned ass, and her 38C boobs filled out her top more than adequately. Her blonde hair meant she fit the bill as the "slutty cheerleader" her costume was trying to portray her as.

The fact that she was extremely desperate gave me a hard on that I couldn't begin to hide.

Not even a couple minutes later and she was again complaining. "Find me a place to piss! I'm not going to be able to make it." Her voice cracked with pain from the pure desperation she was enduring. "Keep walking. There's an alley up here you can duck into. I'll keep watch for you." I reassured her. The alley was only a few houses down from her's. She squirmed, grabbed her crotch, and mumbled curse words under her breath, yet when we reached the alley she passed it up. "Didn't you wanna pee back there?" I asked her softly. "I have somewhere else in mind." she answered with. Just three houses from her's now, I figured she'd try to make it. She stopped instead.

She looked at the house we were in front of while dancing around on the sidewalk. I figured she was looking for some foliage to "water". "There's some shrubs over there." I whispered in her ear. "No. Do you know who's house this is? It's Jessica's." she quipped off.

Jessica was the girl in high school who was "better than anyone else." A typical prep. Head of the cheerleading squad, always wore expensive clothes, and drove a Mercedes. She made sure to rub it into the face of anyone she felt gave her competition. My girlfriend happened to be one of those girls.

"See that pumpkin up there? She took the seeds out of it earlier today, so she must be going to carve it. Hurry up and go get it!" my girlfriend demanded. Following orders, I retrieved the pumpkin from the porch. I figured we were going to smash it on the road and then run for it. Before I made it to the sidewalk, my girlfriend grabbed it from my hands. "Hurry, follow me!" she said, as she dashed across the street to an overgrown vacant lot. Upon reaching the lot, we darted behind a remnant of an old privacy fence putting us completely out of view of anyone around.

"Here, hold this." she said as she gave me the pumpkin. She ripped her skirt up and yanked her spankies from under them, tossing them to me also. "Put the pumpkin down on that rock there and take the top off it." she ordered. I did just that as she removed her baby blue thong. She handed me that too. Her thong and spankies were damp from her dribbling in them. She pushed the pumpkin closer to the fence with her foot and turned around to squat over it.

"Fuck." she cursed as a gush of pee came out, soaking her legs and shoes. I could see her pouty, plump, shaved pussy glistening with wetness as she spread her legs, squatting over the hole in the top of the basketball sized pumpkin, with her ass pressed against the old fence. She started to flow into the pumpkin. The pumpkin made an expected hollow sound as she sprayed her piss into it.

"I can't tell you how fucking good this feels! Wait 'til Jessica grabs this. I can't piss on her like I'd like to, but this will serve the purpose just as well."

Her relief was obvious as she sighed while speaking. The pumpkin was filling as you could hear her stream hit the piss already inside the pumpkin. Her stream grew thicker til the point that it looked like she had a garden hose between her legs. The sound was almost identical to when I'm filling up a plastic bucket with a water hose to wash my car. As her stream grew, it shot out with more force, so it was now half missing the inside of the pumpkin. I reach down and re-positioned the pumpkin. She soaked my hand and arm in the process.

"Sorry, can't stop." she giggled while saying. The pumpkin was 3/4 full of foamy piss. "She's in for quite the surprise, your piss has quite the aroma to it." I told her. "Good. I've always wanted to piss on her Mercedes seat, but she always sets the alarm, so I can't. I'm just glad I had to piss this bad so I could fill her pumpkin!" she responded with. The foam started to crest the top of the pumpkin as her stream slowed slightly. "Look how fucking foamy it is! And it's overflowing. I've never been so proud of my piss." she assured herself.

The pumpkin already full and her stream normal sized again, she began to spray the outside soaking the entire pumpkin. "I'm almost done. Put the top back on." she spoke as her stream slowed to a trickle. I placed the top back in it's place, causing some piss to overflow over the sides of the pumpkin in the process, then handed her thong and spankies back. While she got redressed, I peeked around the fence to find things still all quiet. "I feel sorry for this bitch. Well, not really, but you know." my girlfriend laughed. "You're so bad. I'll be sure not to piss you off!" I joked. "The coast is clear." I called out. I grabbed the pumpkin and jogged it across the street. Piss was sloshing inside of it, but the top sealed pretty tight. I placed it back where it was and made my getaway catching back up with my girlfriend.

"I've never pissed like that before in my life! It was like a damn pressure washer, felt fucking amazing, and I got to get revenge on Jessica! My bladder's pretty good at dishing out karma! Thanks for helping me." she said. "Antics like these are the reason I'm with you! I'll gladly help you piss!" I made sure to let her know that I enjoyed it as much as she did. I then grabbed her, pulled her close to me, and delivered a passionate kiss as a way to show my approval. I couldn't be happier to call her my girlfriend!

