The Apprentice Pisser Part 4

21st July 2010, 09:13 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Welcome to Part 4. Firstly, apologies for the confusion with Part 3. I attached a poll to part 3 and it may have appeared as if it was just a poll. If you want to catch up

Part One

Part 2

Part 3

This week's episode features consensual girl/girl golden showers, and I've put a couple of alternative scenarios for the next part which I'd love your thoughts on. Feedback is very much welcomed.

*****

"Okay" announced Sophie "Collette, Maggie and I have totalled up the scores for each team. Remember on the losing team, someone will be fired. Okay, without further ado, the scores are as follows..."

"For Golden Rain: Kimberley: 7, Michelle: 8 Jaime: 5 Tammi: 8 Angela: 7: A total of 35

For Champagne Soakers: Tori: 8 Nicolette: 9 Helen: 10 Lucy: 10 A total of 37.

Congratulations Soakers, and especially to Helen. You are exempt next week. As for Golden Rain..

(As pee fans I'm sure you won't want chapter and verse of the boardroom process. Suffice it to say that Sophie summarized as follows):

"I think the quality of your team's targets was less adventurous, Michelle, and you were the team leader so you're responsible for that. Angela: don't think you can sail through this contest by trying to drop others in it, you will come a cropper very soon trying that. ...however, at the end of the day, while we can train any of you to be a pissing apprentice, you have to show at least some natural aptitude and enthusiasm. Jaime, you did neither, you were PeeSearch forum's unanimous choice to be fired, and I am in total agreement. Jaime: "You're Fired".

"Before you leave us completely, we want to at least allow you another pising experience to help you on your way. You're going to receive a lovely Golden Shower. Helen, we promised you a reward for being the winning team captain. Would you care to do the honours?"

"That sounds amazing" said Helen."Are you sure it's okay?"

"Absolutely" said Sophie "You did a great job as team captain"

Maggie and Collette led Jaime to the middle of the stage, and got her to lie down on the floor. Maggie then held her arms in place, and Collette held her feet.

Helen slowly and puropsefully stood up and began to make her way to the centre of the stage

Helen couldn't quite believe what she was about to do. She allowed herself to be led to where Jaime was lying but her mind wa a whirl of thoughts. She had never given, or received a golden shower before. Could she really pee on someone? She did need the loo, and it would be so much easier than having to go all the way to a toilet. The other contestants were cheering her on too.

"C'mon Helen, there's no need to do this" Jaime said "You've already won the round, and I've already lost. You could at least let me leave with my dignity. You seem a really nice person. Surely it's better to give the golden shower to someone who would appreciate it. I've got a brand new dress on, and had my hair done and everything. Come on one of you must like golden showers. I'd be really really grateful if you'd take my place "

Helen looked around: "What do you think? Does anyone want to take her place?"

"Well, to be honest..all that naughty peeing's made me really thirsty" said Sharon (the roving reporter introduced in part 1) "I could really do with a nice hot drink. I'll take over, it would be a shame for Helen's gorgeous piss to be unappreciated"

Sophie nodded, and Helen and Maggie allowed Jaime to stand "Oh thank you..thank-you so much" Jaime gushed

"It'll be my pleasure. I love drinking piss, especially draught..straight from the tap" replied Sharon, and she moved to the centre of the stage and lay down purposefully

"In your own time, Helen" said Maggie

Helen, who was wearing a short white t-shirt, and tight blue jeans, stood to the side of Sophie. Decorously she slid down her jeans, and stepped out of them. Beneath them she had on a pair of black silk knickers. Slipping these down and off, she stood astride Sharon and crouched down. It was an amazing sight. The audience could see Helen's gorgeous, generously sized behind, ivory soft and smooth and this was gorgeous enough. However Sophie and the judges and contestants could see Helen's gorgeous 'honey pot'. A small tuft of black hair, neatly trimmed and below, the gorgeous pussy lips. Sophie slipped her hand inside her knickers at the gorgeous sight.

Helen looked down and saw Sharon smiling back up at her. She had on a pretty white blouse with black ruffles on the sleeves, and a medium length pink skirt.

Helen tried to relax and start pissing, but unsurprisingly found it a little difficult given that she was naked infront of a studio audience and knew that the images were to be transmitted to hundreds of thousands. She tried to focus on the Ј75,000. She didn't want to create the impression she couldn't do this. It would blot her copybook. Her teammates yelled support "You can do it" called Lucy, who was moving steadily closer for a better view

She thought all the positive thoughts she could, she'd done the hard bit winning the task. This was meant to be fun..her reward. Suddenly she could feel it coming. She was going to do this...

A hot hard yellow stream shot forth from her pee hole, spraying over Sharon's hair and forehead. The audience gave an enormous cheer. Sharon shuffled back, Helen adjusted her stream and within seconds Helen's pure golden piss was flowing into Sharon's mouth.

Sophie had abandoned all pretence at decorum and was rubbing herself furiously, and seeing this Michelle and Kimberley began to follow suit.

It was clear Sharon was an experienced piss drinker, as she gulped down the liquid with great technique, loving the salty taste. Worrying if Sharon would be able to keepup, after Sharon had enjoyed several mouthfuls Helen redirected the spray over the white blouse, turning it see through

"That's right" grinned Sharon "trash the outfit, and I want to feel that piss jet on my tits too".

Helen was very glad she had not pee-d this morning and had come to the studio with a really full bladder. She was able to direct her spray over Sharon's chest area, sending the blouse see through and revealing a gorgeous rack beneath.

Next she moved down and sprayed a wide arc of piss over the beautiful pink skirt, creating a lovely dark stain across the majority of the front of the garment.

"Still thirsty" grinned Sharon, and Helen returned to Sharon's mouth, peeing steadily for a further ten seonds before the stream finally began to subside. As the last drops left her pussy, Helen stood up. Huge cheers and applause came from her fellow contestants, and from the audience. Sophie, Michelle, Kimberley and several audience members were basking in the afterglow of powerful orgasms

Helen was about to replace her clothes when Sharon said "Hold on. There's no loo paper here, so let me make sure you've got rid of the last drops" and she tenderley licked Helen's pussy clean.

The only sour note was stuck by Jaime who was pointing at Sharon and laughing. "You look so stupid, covered in piss like that. I can't believe you let her do that to you. You really fell for my 'oh please help me' routine didn't you!"

All eyes turned to Sophie. It was time for her to wrap up the show...

***

So for part 5 should we be on to part 2 and a new task, or should Jaime get her just desserts from another contestant with a full bladder or should something else entirely happen. If you have a preference let me know your thoughts...

