A Voyage of Adventure

11th May 2009, 07:20 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

"Thirty-seven wax spoons."

"Hmm&#8230;?" James looked up from his reading, his grey moustache appearing like a cloud over the top of his book.

"Thirty-seven wax spoons," Angela repeated.

"Mmm. Ah, yes, quite right," James mumbled before returning his gaze to the tome. It looked to weigh several pounds. Leaning closer, Angela saw that the title written in gold on the spine was in characters she didn't recognize.

"Oh, ah, and you're sure you'll tell me if you see anything amazing?" James added after a moment, without looking up again.

"Yes, Grampa." Angela was beginning to wish she hadn't come. She brushed back a strand of brown hair that had got into her eyes, and mumbled, "High adventure and amazing sights," beneath her breath.

That was the point of the expedition, according to James. That was why he'd built the Flying Machine, as he insisted upon calling it; though to Angela it looked more like a child's balloon. Just, a very big one. "That's where I got the idea!" her grandfather had responded, proudly, when she pointed this out, then continued to explain how the weight on the bottom would keep it steady so that passengers on top wouldn't fall off. "I'm going on a high adventure, just as soon as I figure out how to get enough hot air into it," he told her. Then, he paused, and looked at her as though she'd just arrived. "Perhaps you could come!" he exclaimed. "I'm sure we'll see something amazing!"

Now, Angela lay back against the curved, sun-warmed canvas. Something amazing. Well, unless you counted clouds as amazing, she hadn't seen anything amazing today. In fact, unless you counted clouds, she hadn't seen anything at all since the balloon took off some hours before. Wide, gently rolling expanses of cloud, like an uninhabited, white desert. And they were moving so slowly!

Angela closed her eyes for a moment. When she opened them, a pair of curious, dark-brown eyes were looking into her blue ones. She started up, and a monkey fell off of her chest. It was dressed in a red jacket and holding an open, glass bottle which it offered to her. Confused, she took it, and the monkey nodded and grinned and darted off onto the surface of the cloud. Angela tried to follow him with her eyes, but he disappeared before she knew it. She sat down and smelled the content of the bottle; then, pleasantly surprised, she drank. The fluid within tasted sweet, but light and airy. She glanced over at James and considered telling him about the monkey, but decided that it wasn't really that amazing. Instead, she sat down and took a longer drink. She hadn't been aware of how thirsty she was, but after so many hours in the sun, she supposed it shouldn't be a surprise.

A breeze tickled her sun-tanned skin, the first she'd felt since they got above the clouds. It felt good, drying the thin layer of sweat all over her body and teasing gently between her legs; but, it soon disappeared. She'd drunk what seemed like a lot from the bottle, but, peering into the neck, she saw that it was three-quarters full. Angela wondered whether she was feeling slightly light-headed from the sun, or because of the stuff in the bottle. Whatever. She put some more in her mouth and noted that the bottle was still three-quarters full; then she choked on it when she looked up.

A man was standing on the cloud several yards in front of the Flying Machine, though not exactly a normal man: he had hooves like a horse where his feet should be, and his legs were covered with a very equine, chestnut-coloured fur. She would later discover that he had a stringy tail, like a horse; now, however, she could only see his front and discovered that she was staring at an impolite (not to say large) part of his body. She quickly raised her eyes, hoping he was still too far off to see that she was blushing, and looked instead at his bronze-coloured chest, at his long face topped by some shaggy black hair; all polite places to look.

If he noticed anything, he didn't let on. Instead, as the Flying Machine crept closer to him, he said, "Excuse me. You seem to be going my way; would you mind giving me a ride?"

"I... I don't know," said Angela. "Uh, Grampa?"

"Mmm...?" asked James, without looking up from his book.

"This guy wants a ride. Should I...?"

"This guy?" James looked up and saw the horse-gentleman. He quickly put down his book and stood, the wrinkles on his belly and arms jiggling. "Oh, by all means, come aboard, sir!"

"Thank you," said the Horse-gentleman. He bowed from the waist, then climbed up next to Angela. "My name is Hastings, by the way."

"I'm James, and this is my granddaughter Angela. We're testing this Flying Machine, which I've just invented." James looked at the new-comer eagerly. When Hastings failed to respond immediately, James added, "So, what do you think of it?"

"Oh, very nice, very, uh, smooth ride," Hastings answered quickly. "Some might say that it's slow, but I would use the word dependable."

"Dependable, yes, quite so." Though he tried to remain suitably grave, James was clearly delighted by the Horse-gentleman's high opinion. He waited for a long moment, but when it was clear that no more praise was forthcoming, he sat down and continued reading, telling his guest to make himself comfortable.

Hastings seated himself beside Angela, taking care to spread out his tail behind him to avoid sitting on it. Angela, trying to be polite, offered him the bottle. He accepted, and drank so deeply that she feared it would be all gone; but he returned it to her three-quarters full. "That's excellent," he told her, "thank you. I've been walking since the sun came up. Very refreshing."

They sat and passed the bottle back and forth, and talked. The Horse-gentleman was evasive on the subject of where he came from and where he was going, but knew several funny stories about antelope. Soon, they began to seem even funnier as the effects of the bottle became more pronounced. Eventually, Angela and Hastings were leaning against each other laughing drunkenly, and Angela let loose a spurt of water from between her legs, which spattered against the taut canvas. She tensed up, stopped laughing, and managed to stop the flow, but suddenly realized that she had a lot more inside. Shouldn't have been a surprise, given how much she had been drinking over the last hour, but she hadn't been paying attention.

Hastings turned to look at her when her laughter stopped so abruptly, then paused. "I hope&#8212; I hope you don'd mind my saying this," he said, his tongue tripping on some of the words, "but you are a ver&#8212; very byu-diful... uh... uh... lady!" His hand was on her thigh, very close to the place she oughtn't to allow him to touch, but she made no attempt to remove it.

"I... uh... " Angela had an idea that there was something wrong with the turn the conversation had taken, but couldn't figure out what. He moved his hand closer; it felt good. "You... uh... look pretty good, too." She glanced down at the limb she'd caught herself staring at before. It was bigger, and more fascinating; when she wrapped her hand around it, it was warm and gently pulsating.

Angela still felt like she should find somewhere acceptable to release her water, but Hastings had suddenly become more interesting. He insinuated a finger between her clamped-together legs and rubbed it gently up and down, and she gasped at the pleasurable shock his touch caused. His organ became larger in her hand, and she stroked the tip of it with her finger-tips. His finger quickly became wet, even though she managed not to lose any more of the water.

Abruptly, the Horse-gentleman stopped what he was doing. "Let's try it like this," he said, and assisted Angela to rise, guiding her to stand on her hands and her knees with her smooth bottom on display. Coming up behind her, Hastings inserted himself delicately into the crevasse he had earlier been probing. At this, Angela let out a gasp and a spray of liquid that sounded loud upon the taut balloon-top. She was being stretched internally, and for a moment she feared her body would be torn apart; but it wasn't, and, once she got over the fear, she found the sensation wonderful beyond anything she'd experienced. She pushed herself backward against him and felt his smooth, warm skin on the upper half of her buttocks and soft fur below.

Leaning forward, Hastings cupped his work-roughened hands around Angela's breasts, both of them at once, and squeezed; gently at first, but increasing the pressure until he felt Angela squirm pleasurably around him. He pulled slowly out of her, then precipitously jammed himself back in, eliciting a moan and another squirt, which went awry and dripped pleasurably through the fur of the horse's left thigh.

Hastings sighed, and immediately dragged himself away from her buttocks; Angela, who had got the idea now, leaned away from him, then helped to re-impale herself on her new friend's appurtenance. Gasping and moaning, they moved faster, Angela leaking more copiously, no longer caring about it, and spraying in all directions. The horse-tail swung forward to tickle the insides of her thighs every time they came together, causing Angela to moan louder as the blissful sensation spread from between her legs to the rest of her body.

Then, as they pressed together for the last time, Angela screamed and her entire body shuddered. Hastings, squeezed even more tightly inside the girl's orifice, moaned, and his organ jerked as he repeatedly sprayed his juices into her. Both collapsed upon the tight but soft cloth of the Flying Machine, Angela unconsciously discharging the last of her water in a hard stream that slowly dwindled to a seepage, running into the already dampened hairs of Hastings' legs. They lay thus, still connected, for some time.

And if you think that any of this distracted James from his reading, that only proves that you don't know James.

(To be continued, assuming I get around to it.)

