The lady who wanted to be peed on (Fiction)

13th October 2014, 10:10 AM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

I travel by car in a valley in the rural North. The narrow road winds along the side of the valley. Houses lie scattered along the road. It is summer time. The hour is late, and it starts to get dark.

I need to take a leak and look for a place to stop. A tree-lined lane takes off to the right a little further ahead. There is a milk ramp by the road just in front of where the lane takes off. No one is likely to deliver milk at this time of day, so I decide to park there.

I step out of the car and take a glance at the surroundings. The lane is on my left-hand side. It slopes upwards. A field lies in front of me, and there's an old barn on the other side of it. A small, rocky hill lies to the right of the barn and the field.

I decide to pee up by the barn. I step into the field and start walking towards the barn. As I approach it, I hear laughter.

Immediately to the left of the barn, four or five ladies appear through an opening between the dense, tall bushes that grow along the lane. They are on their way down the lane towards the main road. They are apparently coming from a party because they are dressed up and are in a good mood. One of the ladies is a bit taller and more beautiful than the others. She discovers me as she passes the opening between the bushes.

Suddenly, a woman emerges through the opening between the bushes, and she's heading straight towards me. Ouch  now I have to find a different place to pee! She's the tall woman I just saw. I must admit that she is beautiful. She has a narrow face with fine features and long, wavy, black hair that reaches her chest. She wears a long, white evening dress that accentuates her slender body, and she holds a purse in her hand.

She casts a swift, sort of inviting, sweet smile at me. I smile back. She rounds the corner of the barn and chooses the direction along the barn. Her movements are slow.

My direction is still the same, towards the barn. I follow her with my eyes. What will she do? Is she going to pee? But must she do it in front of me? "I'll follow her, see what she's up to," I think, "I have a feeling that she won't mind."

I turn in the same direction as hers. Now we walk next to each other at a distance of 3-4 yards. It is as if there is a bond between us. A sense of joy fills me. We continue moving in this way until we reach the rocky hill that borders the field. We stop in front of some bushes at the foot of the hill. She stands just 2 yards away from me now.

She looks at me. First, as if worried, she pulls her eyebrows together. Then she smiles encouragingly at me before she casts her head upwards and to the side as if to say impatiently, "Come on  get a move on!" I look at her, confused. Why doesn't she talk  is she dumb?

I feel like a little boy who is told by her mother to hurry to pee. The situation seems unreal, and I am uneasy, but my bladder is full, and this is not the first time a woman sees me pee so why not? I decide to follow her game. I lower my gaze to the flies of my pants and move my hands to the zipper. What is she thinking now? A few seconds ago she laughed and had fun with her &#8203;&#8203;friends. Soon she will find herself in a situation where a strange man is peeing in front of her. This must be an exciting moment for her!

I open my zipper. My penis appears. She can see it from her position next to me. A jet of pee shoots out of my cock into the bush in front of me. At this moment, I shift my gaze from my cock towards her, expecting to see a smile on her face.

She stands in the same place but is about to turn her face away from me. I am amazed  didn't she want to see me pee? Suddenly I get an impulse.

Quickly, I turn the pee stream towards her. There is a rustling sound as the pee stream sweeps over some leaves, and there some pee drops fly past her throat. It is uncertain whether the pee stream has hit her. Now I aim at her ankle. The lowest part of her dress moves, so the pee stream has probably hit it. I swing my pee stream upwards, towards her shoulder. Now she has undoubtedly been hit. However, it is unclear whether she has sensed something because her dress is long and has 3/4 sleeves, so maybe no pee drops have landed on her skin. However, then she starts giggling, so I assume that she has noticed that I have peed on her.

She begins to move slowly away from me while she with a gesture with her hand suggests that I follow. I stop peeing, stick my dick into my pants, and follow her like an obedient dog. She walks in the direction of a passage between the short side of the barn and the rocky knoll.

I start thinking about her friends. What are they doing now? Do they look at us? What do they think? A glance at the thick, tall bushes along the lane tells me nothing  her friends are not in view. Have they gone? "No, they are probably looking at us from behind the bushes," I think, "That's why she leads me to behind the barn where we can be more private!"

We enter the passage, and she stops. I look around. A kind of roof, maybe a barn bridge covers us. The ground is rocky. The air is raw.

She puts her handbag down and lifts her skirt. A pair of white silk panties with lace edges appears. It more highlights than hides her heart-shaped and plump butt. She lifts her skirt halfway up her back. A naked part of her back is visible above her panties.

I quickly take my penis out of my pants and point it at the small of her back. The pee stream hits. Pee squirts out to the sides, and there is a splashing sound. I lower the pee stream and aim at the middle of her panties

. There is no pee running down her knickers, so the pee stream probably passes through the fabric.

She gives a start. Does the pee hit her butt crack, and does it flow down the crack towards her pussy?

I get the urge to go over to her, stick my penis against her panties right in front of the crack between those voluptuous buttocks of hers and pump pee through the knickers. I decide to do it and stop peeing, but then she takes the initiative from me.

She puts her hands on her hips, grabs her panties and pulls them a little way down her thighs. At the same time, her dress falls and hides her panties

, but she pulls it up again. Her bare, plump buttocks appear. There's a glimpse of black pussy hair at the bottom of the butt crack. I start to pee again.

I enjoy the sight of her wonderful behind while I pee on it. The stream swings up and down and from side to side all over it until the buttocks are visibly wet with pee. Then she starts to turn, and I stop peeing. While she turns, she pulls up her panties.

She is now turned towards me, but she does not look at me but away to the side. She has again raised her skirt. Her knickers cover her broad hips and flat stomach. The crotch of her panties looks darker than the rest of the panties

 is it wet with my pee or her own juices? Her firm thighs begin at the lower lace edges of her silk panties

. As if proud, she is standing with her legs slightly apart, waiting for my pee to spray over her body again.

This time I aim at her navel, which is visible above her panties

. Again a splashing sound is heard when the pee reaches her skin. The sound is a bit higher now, perhaps due to the drum effect of her stomach. Then the stream drops and wets the knickers. Suddenly, she lifts a hand and shows me the palm, a signal for me to stop peeing, which I do.

She puts her hands on her hips and grabs her panties. She pulls the panties down her thighs. Will her pussy appear? No, her dress falls and hides it. But then she raises the skirt ... Her gorgeous silk panties hang at her thighs so that the whole of its stomach part and the whole of its crotch part are visible. She continues raising her skirt, and there her pussy appears! The magnificent black triangle of pussy hair is clearly visible despite the dim light under the roof.

She breathes heavily. Her eyes are flickering. She is very excited now.

Again I start to pee and aim straight at her pussy. Nothing is heard, there are no splashing sounds. Pee runs from the reverse triangle's bottom point. It looks as if her pussy sucks my pee in and spits it out downwards. Pee hits the crotch of her panties and runs further down to the stony ground, which becomes wet with pee.

Eventually, my bladder is empty. I put my dick into my pants, close the flies and smile regretfully at her  there's no pee left! She is not finished, however.

She places one leg in front of the other, puts one hand against the barn wall to support herself and sticks the other hand between her legs. She starts to masturbate. She closes her eyes, lifts her face and groans while her fingers move faster and faster. Then she looks down at the ground in front of her and holds her breath. She moves the upper part of her body repeatedly back and forth and sobs. Apparently, she's getting an orgasm.

Spellbound, I stare at the spectacle in front of me. I've never seen anything like it  a completely strange woman masturbates in front of me!

Then she is finished. I smile encouragingly at her, try to catch her &#8203;&#8203;eye but in vain. Suddenly she expels a sob.

She lets her dress fall and runs past me while she frantically grabs her panties through her &#8203;&#8203;skirt and tries to pull them up. Then she disappears round the corner of the barn. I hear her running steps across the field.

I don't understand. What is wrong? Troubled, I swiftly pick up her purse, which she apparently forgot, and run after her round the corner of the barn. I see her running back along the barn towards the tree-lined lane. She continues through the opening between the bushes along the lane, crosses the road and disappears down the hill on the other side. "What's going to happen now?" I think while I keep running after her, "Will she call the police?" I arrive at the lane, and there I discover her friends walking up the lane in my direction.

I stop  maybe they can help? They look at me. They look friendly and show the same good mood they had before: they laugh and act like they're having fun. In spite of my state of shock, I start to smile at them. I say dumbly, "What's going on?"

Two of them take hold of each of my shoulders, and a third one pats my chest soothingly and says, "Marjorie is a bit special. She has done similar things with men before. Now she just needs to be alone for a while to calm down."

"I see," I say, "so there is nothing wrong, then?"

"No, not at all," says the girl on my left side, "There's nothing to worry about." The woman who hangs on my right shoulder says, "Give me her purse. I'll give it to her." I do as she says, say goodbye to the girls and walk down the lane towards the main road and my car.

