Sisters of Iesalia: Chapter Two

17th October 2011, 11:48 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

This took somewhat longer to write than I expected, but here it is. For those who have not read the first chapter of this story, it may be found here

. For those who have, I reprint the last paragraph of it below to help you get back into the story.

Sisters Fage and Omily found her still kneeling in her puddle. Fage touched Keala's arm gently before wordlessly taking up the Adoration a few feet away. Omily put a comforting arm around Keala's shoulder. "Ssh," she said, helping her Sister to rise and wiping Keala's face with a part of her garment. "Come on. It's just water, our Mistress's favourite!" She pressed Keala's face against her soft bosom, her black hair tickling Keala's nose. "Come on, I know what will make you feel better ..."

Chapter Two: In which one Sister introduces another to a Mystery, and the latter is Suitably Impressed.

She led Keala out of the chapel. It was not until they were halfway down the corridor that Keala stopped crying enough to realize what she was doing. She stopped. "Shouldn't I --" She sniffed, then shook her head and started again. "Shouldn't I clean up back there? I mean, I made a mess in Iesalia's chapel..."

Sister Omily wiped the last tear from Keala's face with her finger. "Don't worry," she said. "It's not the first puddle ever found in front of the Mistress of Wind and Water. And tomorrow's Makarionsday, so the chapel's to be cleaned anyway. I think it's Naqua and Gyri's turn this week --"

"Then, I'm making more work for them!"

"Not really. They have to scrub the entire floor anyway." With an arm around Keala's shoulders, she gently forced the newest Sister to move forward. "It'll be your turn soon, anyway. You'll see that a puddle is, if anything, useful. Come on, we'll have some fun."

Unsure, Sister Keala allowed herself to be led again, but something in Omily's voice made her ask, "You mean, like when I saw Sister Fage and ... the other one, I forgot her name ... and they were naked?"

Omily laughed. "You've only ever seen it? Well, you're going to like this, I promise. My mother always called this 'making love.'"

"You and your mother ...?"

"Heavens, no!" said Omily, a bit more forcefully than necessary. Keala glanced at her in time to see an odd expression cross her face. "She wishes they had," she thought, but she didn't make this observation aloud. "I mean, no," Omily repeated, a little quieter, almost apologetically. "She'd have some of her friends over when Father was out, mothers of some of my friends. When I was really young, she'd tell me they were playing Lapi, and I mustn't disturb them." She smiled. "One day, I all but called her a liar. I told her I'd been listening at the door, and I didn't hear the sounds of the Lapi pieces, or any talking either, just a lot of panting and moaning."

By now, they were at the door leading to the Temple gardens, and Sister Omily led her friend through. After the shadowed interior, the bright sunlight came as a shock. When her eyes adjusted, Keala was able to see a green lawn surrounded by colourful, carefully tended flower beds. On her first day in the Temple, Head Sister Wintharopa had shown her the gardens, telling her that, as the plants were grown with air and water, the garden should be a place to contemplate the Mistress's power and beneficence. Keala had made the mistake of mentioning earth, and received a look she preferred not to remember. "Was your mother very angry?" she asked Omily.

"Not as much as you might expect. She said I shouldn't have been listening at doors, but she also told me what they were doing and even invited me to watch, provided I stayed in the closet with the door only partly open, and made no noise. This is a good place." She sat down on the grass, and Keala followed suit. They were in an alcove of lawn, surrounded upon three sides by green plants as tall as Keala's waist when she stood. Perhaps there would be flowers in another season, Keala wasn't sure. "Well," Omily pursued, "her friends came in, two of them that day, and they all took off their clothes and started making each other feel good. They were touching each other, and licking each other, and even, at one point, peeing on each other, and just watching them made me feel warm and itchy right here."

She put out her left hand and pressed it against Keala's most private place, through the cloth of her garment. Keala was interested to notice that, although the short length of the cloth had protected it from getting wet during her earlier accident, the tan fabric was now getting darker where it touched her crotch. She was imagining three women in a bed such as her parents slept in, all with their hands or their faces or both on each other's bodies, and she could feel the sensation Omily described. "And here," Omily added, forcing Keala onto her back with her right hand on the younger Sister's left breast. The rough cloth moved against her nipple and made it tingle. "And I started rubbing myself there," she continued, suiting the action to the word, "and it felt better and better, until it got to be so much that I screamed. Mother was very embarrassed when her friends noticed me hiding there."

When Omily started undoing Keala's waist cord, Keala almost reached out and grabbed her hand -- they were outside, after all -- but stopped herself. She just didn't want Omily to stop what she was doing; and besides, the only other people who were allowed to come here were their Sisters. Before she had time to think much beyond that, her garment was lifted off the front of her body, allowing the other girl to see her breasts and her most private place. The latter was covered with a soft black hair, in contrast to the curly brown stuff on her head. Omily bent down and kissed her Sister on the navel. "Mmmmm," she murmured, and the soft escape of air made Keala want to giggle. "So, what happened?" she asked.

"Hmm?" said Omily, who evidently thought she'd finished the story. She absently massaged Keala's belly with one soft hand. "Oh, well, Mother told her friends I must have sneaked in there by myself. She was more angry about this than about me listening at the door. Something about me never having promised not to listen. Obviously, she never let me in again, but I found a way to look in the window without being noticed, or else I listened at the door and imagined, and just went elsewhere to help myself feel good." She bent again and kissed Keala just below her navel, and again a little lower, and Keala found that she didn't want to ask another question for fear that Omily should never get on with what she was doing. She was tingling with anticipation of the touch of those lips on her "button," as he mother had called the little protrusion in her private area. Almost without noticing she was doing so, she began to rub her nipples between her fingers, causing a pleasant tingling sensation.

Omily eventually made it to the button, though she moved away from it a couple of times first just to tease Keala. "By the Gods!" Keala gasped. Omily looked up grinned a feline grin, her chin damp with Keala's secretions, before looking down and beginning again, this time with her tongue. That muscle first flicked back and forth over Keala's button several times, before teasing its way into the narrow, damp passage below, and Keala instinctively thrust her pelvis upward, trying to force it in farther.

Omily giggled and looked up for a moment, rubbing Keala's private area with her right hand, as she observed, "You liked that, didn't you? We're going to have to start putting bigger things in there, soon. You'll like that even more." She paused long enough to untie her waist cord and toss her garment to one side, revealing her gracefully-proportioned body, before lying down on her belly between her Sister's legs, her breasts pressed to the grass, and pressing her mouth to Keala's private region, sucking and licking everywhere, while her hands massaged Keala's buttocks and lower back.

Keala spread her legs as far apart as she could, now breathing heavily as though she had been running for some minutes. As the feelings from her crotch began to spread over more and more of her body, she moaned, "Mistress's rain! I didn't know ... that it was possible --" She fell silent for a time, except for the occasional moan, but then said, more urgently: "I think ... Omily! I don't know why, but ... think I have to pee again! Omily, if ... if you keep doing that ...!"

"S'fine," muttered Omily, barely moving her face from between her Sister's legs. "Do it! ... want ..." Her mouth was too full to form a coherent sentence, and she gave up trying, returning her full attention to the wet, furry organ in front of her.

"Are ... you sure?" gasped Keala. "'Cause I'm gonna ... I think ... Aaaaa!" This last utterance came as Keala's entire body shook like an insane hummingbird. At the same moment, she involuntarily pressed herself against Omily's face and emptied her bladder. There was nowhere near as much pee in her as the last time, but it came out onto the other girl's nose. Omily sneezed as she accidentally breathed some in, and, laughing, moved her head enough to drink from the hard, though short, stream.

It took some moments for Keala to be fully aware of herself, and when she was, she sat up on the now-soaked cloth of her garment. "I'm sorry!" she said. "I tried not to --"

"Shhh," Omily soothed. "You shouldn't apologize: I'll drink your pee anytime!"

Next Chapter: In which an Interruption is not entirely unpleasant, and a Sister attempts the Practice of a new Skill.

