Pee In Bum

23rd September 2005, 03:21 PM

Author: fetish25

Location: london (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 15

I was sitting at the computer writing a story the other day playing with my piss; like letting it out half way then holding it and rubbing my cock through my pants while I was bidding on harps on ebay and programming drum machines in the background. My girlfriend at the time Kim came in and I grabbed her lustfully by the waist and slipped my fingertips into the waist of her pants, kissing her neck, brushing her pussy with my hand; I kissed her like Sid kissed Nancy, and slipped down her pants, brought her on to my lap and my hands to her breasts. She rubbed her ass on my lap. As our tongues met I put her fingers to her pussy. She started rubbing her clit and fucking herself, relieving a fast-built lust only possible with a very wet cunt.

I pushed her off of my lap and she masturbated on the floor. I could finally unbutton and unzip my pants. She lunged for my cock with her hand and mouth on my balls. I sat on the edge of my chair. She came up to slob my cock occasionally, but spent most of the time drooling over my balls into my asshole. I jerked my cock and tried to relax. Now was my chance. I grabbed her head and put her mouth over my cock and started pissing slowly, because of the pleasure at first, but my concentration grew. She couldn't help but notice and swallow, choke, spit, get ahold of herself, take my piss in her mouth, let it out over her tits, down her body. My erection at the sight of this was growing with the flow of my piss. Soon I was pissing my torso and I'd pushed her head down to my asshole where her tongue was working and sucking the walls of my anus.

Mike came in and took the pissed bitch, lubed her ass, stuck in a finger, then two, then a dildo that after two thrusts he made vibrate and pressed in hard. She was screaming that turned to obvious pleasure when Mike fucked her with the dildo in two strokes. She ejaculated all over Mike's dick and stomach. He laughed and took the dildo out, and threw her asshole-first onto my hard cock. I was pissed from being in her mouth while I was pissing, so I was wet, and she was lubed, so I just impaled her and fucked her for a few slow strokes. Mike motioned for me, so I carried Kim to the floor by her ass on my cock and spread her over me. She slid her tight ass down on my cock slowly while Mike entered her pussy. He stroked her and I felt it. I stroked back and we both fucked her hard, faster. Suddenly he slowed us all to a stop and eased his cock on top of mine into Kim's asshole.

Jessica and Kate came home right then and shouted "Oh my God!" before introducing us to the three guys they brough: Jon, David, and Mark. The guys got naked and started breathing life in their cocks, while Kate kneeled to my ass, pulled my hips down so my cock slid half out of Kim, causing a chain of moans. Kate dug her tongue deep into my ass and she pressed my body with her head into fucking Kim. She moved, so Mike started stroking and groaning.

"I'm, I'm going to come. Ugh... oh!"

Mike sunk his cum deep into Kim's ass and left me to stroke it, widened, alone. I packed his cum inside of her while Kate gorged my asshole with her tongue. David approached my asshole and shoved kayla off with his lubed cock. He dipped the head in my asshole, then used that lube with his finger to ream me one digit at a time. With two he pushed the walls, sliding in a third. He pressed them in me, me in Kim.. He stroked them a few times, then in one motion replaced them with his cock, reamed me slowly three times, and with one hard stroke sent prostate cum into Kim's stomach. He hit it over and over again. Kim squirted an orgasm for ten seconds and I felt cum coursing through my cock with David's every stroke. "Cum in her pussy."

He slid out of my ass and mounted her cunt, his asshole in front of my cock. I lay still in Kim's loose ass after my assfucking. I'm plugging Mike's cum and my cum in her with my cock. As he worked Claire's pussy I began to work his asshole with my hands. I had him two fingers deep and fuckable after he gets his dick in Kim's pussy. I start taking deep strokes. David was getting dicked in the ass and had his cock in a hot girl's fresh pussy but fucked body.

He came quick, hard, and en mass into Kim's pussy. She was numb at that point, so I told her to get off his cock, and onto my face. David was looking fucked on my cock, Kim moving over to my face. I told the other four to take his place. They got close when Kim's asshole and pussy became the center of my attention. I saw her holes covered in white, and I pressed her asshole to my mouth and sucked while she strained our cum out of her body. A stream and globs of cum came into my mouth. Jessica and Kate came over and we started making out with Kim's pussy and each other as she began pissing lightly and playfully.

While I was sucking David's cum out of Kim's pussy two other guys began to fuck my ass and ride my dick. Kate and Jessica would fight for turns while they pissed on Kim and played in all the cum on her body. One of the guys grunted and I felt him shoot cum into my ass. He pulled out and Jessica licked and sucked my anus until she tried to vie for a spot on my cock. The guy on my cock sat slowly on me and sprayed prostate cum all over my chest and stomach constantly.

Kate started riding my cock with her ass slowly, looking down at me and doing sexy circles with her hips and ass. She started pissing slowly as she impaled herself more deeply. I felt a vibrator on my asshole and from the gentle work I knew it was Kim, relaxing me with circles. More fucking until Kim fucked me hard with this thing, Kate was groaning in orgasm as another guy fucked her pussy, I came, into her asshole, stroking her over and over again, feeling it throughout my body. Then Kim and I spooned and everyone else left.

