The Cabin- Part 1 of 2

2nd July 2018, 02:28 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

The Cabin

Part 1 of 2. This story contains wetting, masturbation, golden shower, lesbian and body odor fetish themes. If you are into that, please read on... ++++

My Aunt owns an old cabin in the woods about an hour from my house. It had running water, internet, natural gas and television.

My Aunt hasn't been there for years, and my cousin checks in on the place now and again. My Aunt can't get around anymore, and she wants to sell it someday, but she told me that I can use it if I ever want to get away. I was considering it recently....

My life has been building up so much stress that I felt like the bottom was dropping out of my life into a black hole of monotony, routine and depression. I have many ways to diffuse stress, but one of my favorites is wetting myself, and using my clothes or bed like a toilet. I have been doing this since teens and it has become a regular habit. It is a way for me to be 'in control' and do something rebellious and taboo. Since I have tried and tried to find a partner into 'this' and I still have not found a partner into 'this,' I use my own body as the object of my desire, and I can potty myself, pleasure myself and fantasize and just detach from reality. There is an aspect of urine and wetting that lets me detach from social norms by being 'un-adult', 'smelly' or 'dirty' and the 'I don't care' abandon is a thrill for me. It is organic, natural and sensual...especially doing it in a wooded, rural setting with nobody around.

It was friday at work and it was just horrible with all the demands and mean people. It was about 3 pm and all of a sudden I felt like I wanted to pee myself, but I couldn't at work. I left about 4 pm and went home, packed some things, and went to the cabin. I knew everyone in the family would be away this weekend as they were all at a wedding, and nobody goes to the cabin anymore for vacation. They just keep watch on it and spray for bugs.

I pull up to the drive, and it looks overgrown. It was a nice summer evening, and I was looking forward to being there. When I entered there was a stale smell inside, dry, dusty and musty, but it was pretty clean. I brought my own air bed, change of sheets clothes and toiletries, food, and some alcoholic beverages. Alcohol loosens my inhibitions and also makes me pee a lot. I wanted to just lose control of myself for a couple days.

I hooked into the internet and I started to watch some pee porn and I chatted in the pee sites that I always go to. It is my way of connecting and sharing what i like to do, and that is hold it until I potty myself involuntarily and then tell someone, a complete stranger, what I just did. It gets me hot.

Right about dusk I walked outside. I was sweaty from the heat. My breasts, underarms, bottom, crotch and legs were slippery with sweat and I was starting to smell my own body scent mixed with the organic smell of forest, dry grass and wildflowers filling my nose. I walked about the property and I started to feel my bladder loosen. I honestly just relaxed my muscles down there and I was starting to leak as I walked. It felt so nice and I started to feel warmth on my pussy and a swollen tight feeling down there that made me want to touch myself.

There was nobody around, and I reached into my shorts and under my panties and rubbed my clit slowly and I was still leaking pee. I could feel the soft folds of my lips and swollen clit soaked in warm urine....slippery and effortless and I pressed and massaged my clit almost to the point of pain. I figured if I were going to come, I'd rather be inside. I went back inside, but I stopped touching myself, and I wanted to see how long I could hold it before I had an accident. The cabin had tile floors, and an accident could easily be cleaned up if I let loose somewhere. I opened some hard cider.

Within 30 minutes I was barely able to hold it anymore and I knew that I was going to have an accident. I purposely didn't use a toilet....as I felt my bladder start to push, then spasm, the sharp urges became so unbearable that I lost control and i was unable to muster enough muscular control to hold it in, I soaked my shorts and a cascade of warm yellow and fragrant urine poured from my shorts and all over my legs and the floor. I immediately reached into my panties and rubbed to a shaking orgasm. I repeated. The emotions I felt being in a dirty old cabin, losing control of my body and smelling like sweat and having no embarrassment....it was heaven. I didn't bother to change my pants but I wiped up my puddle.

I sat down on some pet training pads on an old chair, chatted on the internet for a while and I kept having small leaks in my pants. The urges were getting more intense, but I was also getting sleepy...I ended up dozing off in my chair and I quickly went to bed using my air bed and sheets.

In bed, about 3 am or so, I felt my bladder have so much pressure that it almost hurt....but I was so tired. I found myself relaxing and falling asleep again and then I felt everything loosen and then I began effortlessly peeing in my air bed. It just kept coming out until I was soaked. My panties, shirt and even a little on my hair got wet in very warm, fragrant pee. I immediately started to rub my clit, finger my vagina and my butt for several minutes and had 2-3 orgasms. I was feeling so many emotions...intimacy, fear, shame, arousal and rebelliousness. It was so much that I couldn't stop touching my body and making myself come. I was developing a strong, but sensual urine and body smell all over and it was making me even more hot. After one more orgasm, I settled off to sleep in my wet bed. I awoke pretty early to the sounds of birds and dim light peeking through the windows.

I arose and as I was walking to go to the bathroom ('normal' habit), I decided to instead walk toward my chair and sign in again online. My bladder was aching and full but it felt weak also. I talked with a few friends and watched the news. My panties and shirt were still wet. I decided to change into a new tank top but I kept my wet panties on and changed into some old leggings. Even before I had breakfast, I was already wetting myself again. The smell of urine permeated my surroundings as a reminder of what I did, and was about to do that day. I now had an unmistakable smell of urine, musk and a heady aroma of day old perfume mixed with urine-soaked clothing, but I didn't even care. I felt free and sensual. Part of me fantasized about being 'discovered' in this organic smelly state by a stranger, but it felt so out of the realm of possibility or nerve....

To be continued....

