Lunar eclipses and wet puddles on the sand

22nd June 2011, 11:09 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So lately I have been so so so busy with so much happening in my life, including my eldest brother being ill in hospital, first in ICU now again for more test. In between all this I have done a charity 5km walk and watched the lunar eclipse so beautifully visible from Africa, on a beach in winter~! Lol~! So life rolls on, right? And yesterday I played hooky for a while to go to the beach and watch fishermen net sardines as the "Greatest Shoal on Earth"- the Sardine Run, passes my coastal shores~! It's SUCH a sight to see~!

But I have tried to have some wet fun now and then too, and I think of all of YOU here often, especially Voyeur, Chuck, Glad, BeeSee and all the great mods who look after us all~!

Finally I decided I must just write and say hello~! And share. First the lunar eclipse. It was a cold winter's night and a group of interested people gathered on a beach nearby. We lit a small bonfire, and roasted marshmallows and sausages and drank lots of wine and beer as we waited for the eclipse and as we watched the event which took a couple of hours from start to finish.

It was lovely, sitting there, on the beach, the surf crashing in the dark, the sand cold on my bare feet, wrapped in a warm cuddly throw, warmed by the fire and the wine I was drinking, laughing, singing, joking. But it did not take long for me to begin to feel quite full, and I relished that full feeling and the tingle it gave me~! delightful~! I just kept drinking, interspersing water with wine, and feeling my bladder fill.

I was dressed in a black denim skirt about mid calf length, a tight V neck black top, with a warm fleecy waist jacket and a jersey plus the blanket. My curly red-brown hair was loose, curls blowing against my fire warmed cheeks, my dark eyes reflecting the firelight. I had long ago kicked off my shoes, even though the sand was cold - who wears shoes on the beach, right? Lol~! Friends, male and female sat near, some of the guys occasionally hugging me. Joe actually kissed my cheek at one stage, and I knew he had had enough wine to want more, so I playfully smacked his shoulder and reminded him of how much he loved Fee, who was working and would meet us later. He groaned, smiled, and drunkenly told me he would "SO like to do" me. I giggled, kissed his cheek and pushed him gently away; Fee is a friend, and its chicks before dicks you know...

Even though with my full bladder pushing hard on me, I was incredibly horny and actually would so have liked to DO Joe, who is really really cute, or any of a couple of other guys there, for that matter. But I knew this was the lust talking not the brain, lol, and I have to face these guys the next day so random sex might not be a good thing. We-ell, it would be a GOOD thing but not a good thing, lol~!

So to distract myself I pulled my blanket closer, and let my hand slide across the front of my breast, under the waistcoat, with just the sheer red bra fabric and the thin material of my top between my circling fingers and my erect aching nipple. Ohhhh it felt SO good it sent thrills through my whole body making my bladder contract almost painfully as my tummy muscles spasmed~! It was dark and I moved as far from the firelight as possible, without getting too cold. Everyone was drinking and not paying attention, and I pushed my hand under my skirt waistband. My finger snaked down to feel the still growing pubes under my silky red sheer panties that match my sheer red bra.

I stroked my pussy with my fingers over that silky fabric first, feeling dampness seep through with heat as I did so. Then I slid my fingers under the elastic of the panties, and stroked the cleft it found, softly, making me hold my breath. AS my friends revelled unaware I slid my finger between those tight lips and sighed almost inaudibly as I encountered slick silky hot wetness. I found my clit, and rubbed, and had to bite my lip - you all know how audible I am, lol~!

I drove myself crazy that way for a while, stopping only to guzzle more wine and more water. Unable to cum properly there without being obvious I reluctantly withdrew my hand and sucked my fingers. A girl friend came past me, going just a bit behind me into the dark to squat and pee, noisily into the sand, and it made my bladder cramp painfully, at the same time making me wetter. My friends were drunk enough not to be too careful where they peed and were reluctant to go too far from the warmth of the fire, and having deliberately sat a little bit back, a little far, most seemed to choose to go not too far from me.

Sarel came just past me to the right, and I ASSUME had no idea what a great view he gave me as he unzipped, pulled out and let go a delightfully long and hard stream that made frothy bubbles on the sand. I felt vaguely bad for perving, but still did not look away. it was in fact very erotic.

At last the main even came and we wound up all standing in a semi circle all holding each other watching, silently, as the moon glowed red, edges fiery with the dark round shape of our earth shadowing its face~! It was beautiful. After sombre long moments, one of the guys cheered loudly and broke the sombre mood as we all laughed and cheered and got more wine.

I sat back down in my little spot, and realised I really really HAD to go. But I did not want to just "go" - how mundane would that be?~! A delightfully naughty idea came to me and I mulled it over. it was dark, my skirt was black denim, I had sand below me, stars above me and drunken friends around me. Why not go just there, like that?? My heart thumped and a hot flush spread from my cheeks to my whole body as I excitedly contemplated this~! I was sitting on a dead tree trunk, nothing would be damaged, my panties were silky and would dry quickly and I might avoid wetting my skirt too much... I bit my lip and am sure my eyes shone from excitement more than the firelight~!

So I sat and concentrated, so turned on, every sense heightened by the tabooness I was about perpetrate. It took a while before I felt those delicious first few drops escape, and I instinctively clamped, pushing them past my lips, soaking my panties and sending a teeny trickle down between my tightly clenched thighs. I wiggled a bit and managed to get my bum as far forward on the stump as possible, so I would minimise wetting the back of my skirt, and I pushed my pubis forward.

I let another larger gush go, and felt it pool delightfully on the top of my clenched thighs, hot, wet, delicious, before some seeped through to the sand, while small little streams trickled hotly down over my knees, and down my shins to plop wetly into the sand, some drops landing on my feet. I moved my legs so my feet were tucked more in, and let another hard squirt go. Again it puddle hotly on my thighs, then as it was more than before, trickled over and down my shins, hot pee warming my cold feet, soaking into the sand beneath my soles.

Not only did the pee feel hot and wet and wonderful, the naughtiness of doing that right there with my friends nearby, the sense of relied I felt at letting go, it all made me heady with desire and a lust for orgasm. One hand snaked down and rubbed my clit beneath my skirt, my wet panties clinging to the skin on the back of my hand, and I soaked my fingers as another gush of pee, less controlled, surged from my tight pussy lips and flooded my thighs, wetting the top of my skirt a little before streaming down my legs and soaking my feet and the sand below. I let out a small groan, as a shudder went through me, from the peeing and the clit rubbing. I bit my lip and opened my eyes (was not aware I had closed them, lol) to see nobody was paying any attention.

So I relaxed and let the pee inside me flow out in a hot wet flood of pee, warming my legs and puddling beneath my feet, warm wet pee jetting against my hand as I circled my engorged silky slick clit and slid a finger deep inside myself. It gush for some time, I had not realised I was SO full, and when it waned I pushed down hard with my tummy to push out the last little trickles, and groaned past my clenched lips as I shuddered and came nicely at the same moment. I was beyond caring if anyone was watching or hearing as I gave in to the sensations running through me and the shudders of my body. Finished at last, and finding my mouth dry, and my heart thumping, and my belly shaking slightly, I opened my eyes as if from a dream. Thank goodness nobody was even looking at me and I giggled softly to myself.

As soon as I could compose myself, I picked up a full glass of wine and deliberately and noisily spilled it on my lap, jumping up and cursing as I did, as my friends guffawed at my clumsiness, and I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. Happy my wet skirt and the puddle at my feet would be believed by drunken friends, I was able to dry myself close to the fire, and relish the feeling of having one something so naughty. Not long after we doused the fire and made our respective ways home, and I showered, allowing myself to linger as I soaped my body under hot water, this time taking time to enjoy my hands on my body before I came again, thinking of how it felt to pee myself on beach, as the moon hid her face from us~!

Before I sign off though I must also tell you I woke this morning, very full, very desperate, and as it is wash day I allowed myself the luxury of letting myself come, somewhat wetly, in bed, wetting my sleep shorts, and my bed, a little in the process. It felt so good to idly play with one nipple, as my other hand pressed and rubbed my full bladder until I could not stop myself using both hands underneath the band of my sleep shorts, to rub my slick hot wet clit, and slide fingers inside my tight tight wet core, rubbing and slipping and sliding until I came shudderingly, not at all quietly, my thighs clenching, my toes curling, my head thrown back, some pee gushing out as I came. It took ages for me to stop shuddering, for my heart to slow down and for me to be able to breathe again. I lay for a while, then when I had recovered, I got up, went and stood in the bath and let the rest of the pee I had not yet released, soak my thighs and sleep shorts. Hmmm nice way to wake up~!

Oh and although I did not even THINK of filming my morning fun, I did post a clip of me finishing by wetting in the bath~!

