The Start of Tina's Career, Chapter 5: Day 2

2nd August 2012, 05:35 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Mary found herself pacing inside her house. After the wonderful events of the day before she couldn't wait for the actresses to arrive so that things could get started. Tom and his crew had arrived bright and early, and had gone over the plans for the day, the second and final day of the shoot. Mary was already playing the scenes out in her head, and getting more excited and impatient by the minute.

Mary was interrupted from her thoughts by the ring of the doorbell. She opened it to see Tina and Tamyra standing together in front of the door, a very welcome sight. «What a nice coincidence, the two of you showing up at the same time. Welcome!»

Tina and Tamyra giggled. «It's not quite a coincidence,» replied Tamyra.

Mary smiled. «I wish I could have been a fly on the wall.»

The girls smiled back at her, and Tina gave her a wink. They then made their way to find Tom, to find out what was on tap for them that day. Mary followed to listen in.

«Your scene from last night gave me an idea. In your first scene there will be no wetting, instead, you will challenge each other to a pissing contest. One of you will challenge the other see who can pee further. After you finish, we've then got some wetting scenes planned for the other girls while you fill up again. Our last scene of the day, and for this video, is going have the two of you dressed in a couple of cheerleader outfits. You both were cheerleaders, right? Come up w/ something inventive. Piss while performing some kind of cheer, or doing the splits, or a handstand, or cartwheels, or something. Just make it look good.»

Mary almost wished that her and George could participate in the scene, but knew that they couldn't. George was the president of the financial institution where he worked, having taken over for his father. Mary was a librarian. They couldn't risk someone seeing them in a fetish porn video. Still, it was going to be fun to be there watching, just out of camera view.

After about twenty minutes or so, Jenny and Josie, Tia, and Becky had all rang the doorbell, and were all greeted warmly by Mary. Each sought out Tom upon entering the house, and received their assignments for the day. The girls then met to chat a little before Tamyra and Tina made their way to the bedroom for wardrobe.

The two girls came back out of the room holding hands, both wearing tight miniskirts and tight, thin white blouses. Neither was wearing a bra, their firm tits and hard nipples clearly visible under the then white fabric. No one knew it yet, but they also weren't wearing any panties. Mary gasped when she saw them. Other eyes quickly turned towards them; it was hard for anyone to look away.

«You girls look fantastic,» Tom said, admiring them. «Let's move into George's and Mary's living room, and shoot this scene.»

Everyone moved into the living room to watch as the camera men got ready to shoot, the boom mike was placed, and the girls got ready. It wasn't long before Tom shouted «Action!»

Mary wondered how the girls were going to make this situation seem realistic. The two, behind Tina's lead, did a wonderful job. Playful one-upmanship turned into a couple of quick challenges, and finally the gauntlet of a «pissing contest» was thrown.

«Whoa, Zuzu (Tina's stage name), you mean a pissing contest literally?» Tamyra asked.

«You're damned straight Violet (Tamyra's stage name). I have $20 that says that I can piss further than you.»

The lines were corny, but delivered so well that no one really noticed. Mary marveled that the two girls could probably leave pissing porn and get more mainstream work. She hoped that they would never come to realize this.

The two girls squatted on the floor in front of the couch next to each other. They pulled up their skirts, revealing their naked pussies, leaned back against the couch, and spread their pussy lips. Mary looked at George standing next to her, and could see a sizable bulge in his pants. She started to rub his hard dick through his pants, and slipped her other hand into her own pants.

A strong steam erupted from Tamyra first, followed a few seconds later by one from Tina. The two fountains of piss each flew several feet into the air, landing on the carpet in front of them. Tamyra's stream, however, was almost a full foot ahead of Tina's. The blonde pushed with all of her might, and managed to make up about half of the difference, but that was as far as she got. The two streams continued to splash at full force for about 40 seconds, then Tina's started to lose strength. The fountain became smaller, and smaller, and finally ended. About 15 seconds later Tamyra's ended, and then she pushed out a couple of more small spurts.

«Ha! I won! I told you that I could piss farther than you!» gloated Tamyra.

«Okay, fuck, you beat me,» replied Tina. «Double or nothing that I can kick your ass in basketball?»

«You're on!» Tamyra responded.

«Cut!» yelled Tom. «That was brilliant! Good job, girls.»

Mary could feel George's dick start to spasm, and knew he was spurting out several jets of hot cum into his pants. Mary continued to rub him as he came, and soon felt a different sensation, as his pants began to fill with piss.

Mary was about to lead George upstairs when she heard Tom shouting instructions: «Clarence, grab a camera and get the girls' reactions from their last scene,» he ordered. «I'm going to talk to Tia and Becky about their next scene.»

Hearing Tom instructions gave Mary an idea. «Hey, Tom,» she said, «would you mind if I filmed the girls' reactions? I think it would be interesting and fun.»

Tom paused. Usually he or one of his crew did this, but he had formed a soft spot for the attractive Mary ever since he had met her, and she and George had been excellent hosts. «Sure thing Mary. Clarence, show her how to work the camera.»

A couple of minutes later the three women made their way to the bathroom. Tina and Tamyra were giggling and laughing. Mary turned on the camera and started to record just as they gave each other a deep, passionate kiss.

«So how did you like filming that scene?» Mary asked.

Tamyra was a little surprised at first. No one from the crew ever asked a question, as Tom had stated that viewers only wanted to listen to the girls, not the camera guy. Tamyra reasoned that the fact that the camera «guy» was now a woman might change things a little bit, and started to speak. «It was a lot of fun! Of course I knew that I was going to win »

«Oh shut up!» Tina playfully shouted. «I'll definitely get you next time!»

The girls continued their playful banter back and forth, and all three were giggling and laughing. While Mary was enjoying herself, she figured she better wrap up things quickly, as Tom might need the camera for the next scene. «I guess you two might want to clean up a little bit,» she said, preparing to sign off from that little segment.

«Well I can definitely help her with that,» Tamyra said, before bending down and starting to lick some drops of piss from Tina's thighs and pussy. Tina started to purr.

«Hey, honey, are you thirsty?» Tina asked. Tamyra, her tongue still working on Tina's pussy, just nodded her head. «Good, I saved some for you.» With that Tina pushed out a couple of spurts of piss, which Tamyra eagerly drank.

«Holy fuck that's hot!» Mary heard herself say, not intending to blurt it out. She was happy that she had kept the camera rolling. As hot as the scene in the living room was, this was much hotter.

Tamyra continued to work on Tina's pussy until the beautiful blonde came, biting her lip as she did, not wanting to draw attention. After Tina came off of her orgasm, her ebony lover stood up and gave her another passionate kiss, allowing Tina to taste her own juices off of Tamyra's lips.

Tina broke off the kiss and said "Your turn," and knelt in front Tamyra. She started to lick the droplets of piss off of the dark skin, before turning her attention to her lover's pussy.

«Aren't you going to see if she's thirsty?» Mary asked, her arousal evident in her voice.

Tamyra was enjoying the job that Tina's tongue was doing on her pussy, and didn't care to speak, but did so anyway. «I haven't convinced her to take a drink yet, but I'm working on it,» Tamyra said. «She doesn't mind tasting the small drops of piss on my skin, however.»

Mary then remembered the look of disgust that Tina had shown just yesterday when she had realized that she was standing in piss soaked shorts. What a change in just one day. She really wished she could have seen what went on between these two last night.

Tamyra's breathing became shallower, and soon she erupted into her own orgasm. Mary couldn't believe how sexy things had become, and began to wet her pants, reveling in the feeling as her hot piss soaked the crotch of her pants and began to run down her legs.

Tina stood up and noticed the flood that Mary was releasing into her pants. «Hey, the camera girl is so turned on that she is pissing her pants. Have a look.» Tina then reached for the camera, as Mary continued to pee.

Mary looked at Tina and silently gestured to the blonde not to show her face. Tina complied, and concentrated the camera on Mary pants legs, glistening as the pee continues to fill them.

«You know, I'm still a little thirsty,» Tamyra said, as she kneeled in front of Mary. The ebony girl pulled the older brunettes pants down part way, and held her mouth open below the panties, from which pee still continued to pour.

Mary's flood continued for another fifteen to twenty seconds. After he had emptied her bladder, Tamyra clasped her mouth on the soaking wet panties, and began to suck the piss out of them. After doing so for about a minute, she reached up and pulled Mary's panties down.

«Hey, it's my turn,» Tina said from behind the camera. She handed the camera to Tamyra, mouthing to her not to show Mary's face. She then knelt down and started to clean Mary's pussy with her tongue.

Mary couldn't believe that this was actually happening. The fact that it was being filmed made it that much more naughty. Having these two beauties go down on her was an absolute dream come true. Mary grabbed the back of Tina's head and grinded her pussy into the blondes face as she came.

Eventually Mary came off of her orgasm. When she did Tina turned to the camera. «Hey, Violet and I don't think were quite done with the camera girl. We've got to go now. I really hope that you enjoyed this near as much as we did.» With that she blew the camera a kiss, and Mary reached over and turned off the camera.

Mary grabbed Tamyra and gave her a deep, passionate kiss, and then did the same to Tina. Mary was about to accept an invite to shower with them when a knock came at the door. «Hey, are you guys about done in there?» asked Clarence. «We're going to need the camera to record the next scene»

«Hold on a second!» Mary shouted to Clarence, before giving each of the girls another kiss. «Thanks for the invitation girls, but I'd better get back out there. Maybe another time.» Mary opened the door and handed the camera to Clarence, apologizing for the delay, and then sought out George and Tom.

She was fortunate to find them together, talking, and noticed that her husband had changed into some clean pants. «Tom, I don't know how much of that interview you'll want to use for your DVD, but George and I will need a copy for ourselves,» she said.

«Oh, is it that good?» asked George?

«Trust me honey, you'll really want to see this,» Mary replied.

«Damn, now you have me interested,» Tom said, eyeing Mary's wet pants. «I'll have to watch the footage after we shoot this next scene. « Turning his attention to his staff Tom shouted «Everyone ready? Let's shoot this!»

Everyone had moved to the guest bedroom, which had temporarily been cleared of all of the wardrobe items. Becky and Tia appeared to be sleeping on the bed, each in a pair of panties and white tank top. Tia, the cute Asian, was lying on her side in front of the curvy Becky. Suddenly a puddle started to form below Becky, who had her arm draped over Tia.

Mary watched as the puddle grew bigger, then saw Becky pretend to wake up from a deep sleep. «Oh fuck! Oh my god, I'm pissing myself!» the brunette shouted.

«What?» asked Tia, pretending to wake up. «Oh my god, are you pissing the bed?»

Mary noticed that the acting was about standard for porn. She couldn't help but think that Tina and Tamyra could do a much better job, and turned around to look for them. She saw the pair had emerged from the bathroom, and were now holding hands in the back of room, each gulping down a large bottle of water. She turned her attention back to the bed.

«Oh shit, I'm sorry! Fuck, I didn't mean to. Oh fuck, I can't stop!» cried Becky, who was still wetting the bed.

Tia gave her a hug. «Don't worry, it's alright. Really. I don't mind.» She then gave Becky a kiss.

«You're not pissed at me?» asked Becky.

«No, actually, um, I, well, I think it's kind of sexy,» Tia replied.

«Sexy?» Becky asked.

With than Tia, who was now sitting fully up on the bed, spread her legs and began to piss her panties. Mary knew that the reason she spread her legs so far was for the camera, and had to agree that it created a beautiful view. She saw a small wet dot form on the white cotton panties, then grow bigger as a stream of pee gushed out, and continue to grow on the panties while Tia's piss combined to make the already wet sheets even wetter.

«Oh, fuck, that is sexy,» said Becky, as she put her hand on Tia's panties, feeling her piss gush out. The scene ended with the two girls passionately kissing, their fingers exploring each other's pussies.

«Cut,» cried Tom, «that's a wrap. Wow, what has gotten into you girls lately?»

Mary laughed to herself. This was pretty bold stuff for Wet Pants Productions. The company usually only focused on softcore wetting and solo pissing, though there had been an occasional masturbation scene. Not before yesterday's scene at the park with Tina and Tamyra, however, had two girls fingered each other in a Wet Pants scene. Tina and Tamyra had obviously inspired the other girls.

Mary's attention turned to Tom as she heard him speak. «Clarence, I want you quickly upload Mary's post scene interview w/ Tina and Tamyra to the laptop, and then take the camera and interview Becky and Tia.»

Tom had obviously been thinking about Mary's request to have a copy of the scene sent to her. She blushed as she wondered what Tom would think about it. She heard Tom gasp «Holy shit!» as he started to watch the scene. Fortunately for the red faced Mary no one else was paying attention to Tom at the time.

She could see Tom deep in thought as Clarence returned from interviewing Beck and Tia. «Clarence, I want you to take the crew and shoot the scene w/ Jenny and Jessie. George, Mary, Tamyra, and Tina, please come w/ me to George's study.»

Tom sat in front of everyone at the study, the laptop faced so that all could see the screen. Mary and George sat next to each other, holding hands, Mary's pants still wet from wetting them with the two girls. Tina and Tamyra also sat together, each drinking a brand new bottle of water. They had already changed into the cheerleader outfits they were told to wear for their final scene.

«Mary, do you mind if I show everyone the interview you taped with Tina and Tamyra?» Tom asked.

Mary blushed. «Well, you've already seen it, us three girls lived it, and George was the one I really wanted to show it to anyway,» she responded. «Go ahead.»

Tom started the video. Mary looked over at the girls, who were making out while watching themselves on the screen, and down at George's pants, which were tenting while he watched the screen. Knowing that she would soon be an active part of the video started to excite Mary, and she started to lose some of her remaining inhibitions. She unzipped George's pants, pulled out his cock, and started to stroke it. This surprised George, but he didn't complain, instead reaching in Mary's pants and fingering her pussy.

When they reached the part where the camera had focused on Mary, she knelt down and took George's dick into her mouth. She furiously sucked on his shaft, hoping to get him off before the video concluded. It wasn't long before she felt his sperm start to fill her mouth, which she eagerly sucked down. As his dick softened he gave her another treat, pissing into her awaiting mouth. She gulped down as much as she could.

She looked up as she finished to see Tom looking at them, his mouth agape, and to hear the two girls giggling and cheering her on. Her face reddened, as did George's, but neither one regretted what had just happened. Mary then sat on George's lap, facing Tom, and started to wet herself again, this time as Tom reached in and fingered her pussy.

It took a second for Tom to recover, but then he just smiled. «I knew that there was a reason I liked you two,» he joked. He then got more serious. «Watching this video has given me the inspiration to take things to another level. Tamyra, Tina, would you girls be interested in starring in Wet Pants Production's first hardcore scene, and first golden shower scene?»

The sound of Mary cumming interrupted the girls' answer, and led to some brief giggling and laughing among everyone in the room.

Finally Tamyra said «Hey, I'm game.»

Tina responded, «I'm game too. So it's going to be a lesbian scene?»

«Actually, I was thinking of making it a threesome,» Tom replied.

«Oh, really? Who's the guy?» Tamyra asked.

Mary really, really wanted to volunteer George. The thought of watching her husband fuck, shower, and get showered by these two beautiful girls was making her hot all over again, as was the thought of cleaning him up when the scene was over. She knew, however, that his position at the financial institution where he worked made it way too risky. She soon realized that it would have never been an option, anyway.

«I am, « replied Tom. Tina and Tamyra immediately voiced their approval. Tina was especially happy, as the vow she had made to fuck Tom the day before was going to happen very shortly. The fact that it was going to be taped didn't bother her one bit. Tamyra had already shared a bed w/ Tom a few times, and was always happy to do so again.

Time seemed to drag for Mary as they waited for the rest of crew to finish the scene w/ Jennie and Jessie, and to get ready for Tina and Tamyra's scene. She couldn't wait to watch the two hotties fuck Tom, and for the trio to piss on each other. She and George, now both in clean clothes, walked into their office together when everyone was ready.

Tom was sitting behind their desk. Tina and Tamyra were dressed in red cheerleader outfits, and Mary couldn't help but notice how cute the girls looked. She also noted how excited everyone in the room appeared, and realized that she wasn't alone in her anticipation of this scene.

Mary was relieved when she heard Clarence yell «Action!» and watched intently as the scene started.

«You wanted to see us Professor Capra?» Tamyra asked.

«Hey, can this wait?» Tina asked. «I really have to take a piss.»

«This will just take a second,» Tom replied. «Violet, Zuzu, I'm aware that you need to pass this class to maintain you're eligibility for the cheerleading squad. Unfortunately neither of you passed this class. I'm sorry.»

«Fuck!» Tamyra exclaimed.

«Shit!» Tina screamed. «Please, professor, give us a break!»

«Hey, professor, is there anything we can do?» Tamyra asked as she leaned over the desk, exposing her cleavage to Tom.

«Well, you could have studied,» replied Tom. «You know the NCAA rules  hey, what's wrong with you?»

He was speaking to Tina, who was partially bent over, grabbing her crotch, and had tears forming in her eyes.

«I told you that I really had to piss!» Tina exclaimed. «If I don't go now I'm going to wet myself!»

Tamyra looked across the desk at Tom and noticed a smile cross his face. She then looked down at his crotch. «Hey, Professor Capra, is Zuzu's problem turning you on? Do you want to see piss herself?»

«What?!» Tom and Tina yelled in unison.

«Uh, are you crazy? No, I don't, uh, of course I don't. What kind of perv do you think I am?» Tom asked.

«Look, I'm not fucking pissing myself,» Tina said, still grabbing at her crotch. «You can forget about that!»

«How about it professor? If Zuzu pisses herself, right here, right now, will you give us a passing grade? I promise that we won't tell anyone. Hell, it would be as embarrassing for us as it would be for you.»

«Look, Violet, I'm not fucking pissing myself!»

«Zuzu! Look at him, he's considering it. It's the only way we can stay on the squad! Ah hell, I'm not as desperate as she is, but I still can piss. Hey, professor, I'll do it!»

Mary was impressed at how shocked Tom looked, thinking that he was doing a nice bit of acting. He actually looked surprised, and like he was struggling at what he should do.

Tamyra pressed on, lifting up the skirt of her cheerleading outfit, exposing the tight pair of shorts underneath. «Hey, professor, wouldn't you like to see these shorts get soaked w/ piss? To see it drip down to the floor, or flow down my long, sexy legs, creating a nice puddle? Wouldn't you love that?»

«Hey, stop fucking talking about pissing, you're not helping! Hey, professor, you have to let me go to the bathroom. Then we can work out a deal w/ you that you will love, I promise. This wouldn't be the first time Violet and I have double teamed a guy. You'll love it, I swear!»

Tom finally spoke. «I'll let you girls back on the squad, but here are my conditions. Both of you wet yourselves for me, one at a time, and I get to eat each of you afterward. And if either one of you ever breathes a word of this to anyone else I'll make your life hell.»

«Deal!» screamed Tamyra.

«No fucking way!» exclaimed Tina. «C'mon, professor, anything else. I give great head! You can fuck me! You can fuck me doggy style while I eat Tamyra. What do you say?»

«My deal is final. Take it or leave it. And Zuzu, if you leave the office to go the bathroom, you both still fail.»

«Come on, Zuzu! Do it for me! Do it for the squad!»

«Damn it! Fine, whatever. Are you ready professor? I really have to go.»

Tom walked around the desk and stood in front of Tina. He lifted the skirt for her, exposing the tight red shorts beneath. «Go ahead,» he said.

Tina, who really did need to pee pretty badly, released the contents of her bladder. Tom saw the small dark spot form on her shorts, and then grow larger. A stream of pee began to fall from her bladder to the floor. Soon after another stream began to wind its way down her leg. Tom leaned down between her legs, opened his mouth and caught the first stream, relishing in the taste of her piss.

Tina was turned on at the sight of Tom eagerly drinking from her. She wondered how her character, Zuzu, would feel about it. «Oh my god, what the fuck are you doing!» she exclaimed.

Tom the clamped his mouth over her shorts, catching the piss as it flowed through the shorts, gulping down as much as could. Tamyra, thoroughly enjoying the sight, decided that her character Violet would like it too. «Holy shit! That is so fucking naughty! And hot!»

After just under a minute Tina released the last of her pee. «I can't believe that you actually drank my piss! What the fuck!»

Tom ignored the comment, realizing that Tina was acting, and pulled down her panties

. He started to eagerly lick off the droplets of piss on her upper thighs and around her pussy. After licking up and down her slit, his tongue parting her pussy lips, he started to furiously attack her clit.

Tina was reveling in the sensation, and decided that she didn't need to act, but let her natural reactions come through. She grabbed the back of his head and held it against her pussy, moaning as his tongue worked it magic.

«Oh, god, that feels so fucking good. Holy shit! Oh god that feels good!»

Tom continued to work on Tina's pussy, and it wasn't long before he felt her body shake and go into an explosive orgasm. As she came off it he stood up, grabbed her head, and implanted a deep, passionate kiss on her lips.

Tina eagerly returned the kiss, putting her arms around Tom and dragging him closer. She enjoyed the taste of her juices on her lips. Returning to character she eventually broke off the kiss. «Oh my god, I can't believe that I kissed after you drank my piss!»

«See, it wasn't so bad,» Tom replied.

«No I guess not. And shit, professor, you eat pussy like a lesbian!» responded Tina.

«Fuck, that was hot!» exclaimed Tamyra. The two turned toward the ebony beauty to see that she had one hand down her shorts fingering herself, while the other massaged a tit through her cheerleader top. «Now it's my turn!»

Tom knelt in front of Tamyra. «It certainly is,» he said. «Go ahead.»

It was now Tamyra's shorts that darkened then released the piss that she had been storing up. Tom started to drink her delicious stream as it fell from her shorts, then had a different idea. He reached down, unzipped his pants, and pulled out his rock hard cock. He pulled Tamyra's shorts and panties aside, then repositioned himself so that her strong stream was hitting his dick. He rubbed his rock hard cock as he washed it in her stream, relishing every second of it.

As Tamyra's stream began slow he placed his mouth on her pussy, drinking it all down. As soon as she stopped he started to eat her, alternating between tonguing her clit and fucking her pussy w/ his tongue.

Everything that he was doing worked for Tamyra, who was arching her back and moaning in ecstasy. Tina walked over and started kissing her friend as Tom worked on her pussy. Tamyra, already worked up from having watched Tom and Tina, soon exploded in her own strong orgasm.

As he finished Tom stood up, and Tina gave him room to plant a deep, passionate kiss Tamyra lips. Tamyra held him tight, enjoying the feeling of his strong arms around her, and of his hard dick pressing against her.

As they broke off their kiss Tom spoke to the pair: «Well, girls, you've lived up to your end of the bargain, I'll live up to mine. Don't worry, not only am I going to pass you, I'm going to give you 'As'. Thanks, you both were awesome.»

«Not so fast, professor!» replied Tina. If you're as talented w/ you dick as you are w/ your tongue, there is no way that we're leaving until you fuck us!»

«I agree,» said Tamyra. «If you think you enjoyed that »

Tina and Tamyra, practically simultaneously, knelt down in front of Tom, their legs soaked by Tamyra's puddle. Tina grabbed Tom's cock and started to lick up and down the shaft, enjoying the slight taste of Tamyra's piss on it. Tamyra then grabbed his cock and started to suck on it, sliding the length of his shaft into her throat. Tom had to concentrate w/ all of his might to stop from cumming as the girls continued to take turns sucking on his cock.

While Tina was sucking on his cock Tom decided to put to use a skill he had practiced, and slowly released some piss through his hard dick. Tina was shocked. While she had grown use to the taste of small droplets of piss, she wasn't prepared to take a full stream of piss in her mouth. Tom and Tamyra had agreed before the scene that they wouldn't have to drink piss. Obviously Tom had forgotten about that in his excitement. Tina initially pulled back a bit, but, remembering that she was on camera, decided not to ruin the scene, and kept his dick in her mouth to take the piss.

The beautiful blonde was surprised that she didn't mind the taste of Tom's stream, and swallowed some while the rest flowed out of her mouth and onto her top. Tamyra then guided Tom's dick to her own mouth, loving the feeling of the strong stream of urine flowing into her mouth, and drinking down as much of his piss as she could.

Tom took control of his dick, and alternately aimed it at each of their chests, soaking their tops. The girls would lean down and takes sips as he pissed on them.

When Tom had finished the two girls started to kiss each other, tasting Tom's piss on their lips. Tamyra reached down and pulled off Tina's top, revealing her beautiful tits. Tina returned the favor, exposing Tamyra's wonderful pair.

Tom kneeled down and joined them. Tamyra leaned down and took one of Tina's piss soaked tits into her mouth. Tom took the other. Tamyra loved Tina's tits, and sucked hard at her nipple while Tom attacked the other breast. The pair then heard Tina proclaim «Now it's your turn» as she gently guided Tamyra to lay down on the floor into the large puddle of urine. Tina, now on all fours, started to suck on one Tamyra's tits as she fondled the other.

Tom came up behind Tina and placed his dick against her slit. He released a small but strong spurt of piss against her pussy, all that he had left. Tina felt a jolt of electricity as the piss hit her pussy, then felt the sensation of his dick entering her.

«Hey, didn't you say something about eating my pussy while he fucked you doggy style?» Tamyra asked.

«You're damn right I did! Scoot down.»

Tamyra slid down so that her pussy was right beneath Tina's mouth. She gasped as Tina started to lick her clit. Tamyra could feel it every time Tom thrust into Tina's pussy, and it only enhanced the experience. As her bladder had partially filled up again, Tamyra decided to give Tina a surprise, and released a slow piss from her bladder.

It wasn't long before Tina began to cum. The feeling of Tom pounding against her pussy, the taste of Tamyra's pussy, and now the sensation of lapping up her friend's piss was too much for her to take. She stopped licking Tamyra's pussy as her body spasmed in ecstasy, but continued when she regained control of her body.

Tom, who almost lost control during Tina's orgasm, continued to fuck her hard. That was until Tina gave Tom a surprise, releasing the contents of her partially refilled bladder. Tom pulled out and stuck his dick in the stream. The feeling of the hot piss washing over his dick pushed him over the edge, and he started to cum. He slid his dick back in her pussy and finished releasing his load.

Tamyra screamed out «Oh my god, I'm cumming!» as her body was rocked w/ an orgasm. Tina kept her tongue working on her beautiful pussy, finally stopping when Tamyra came back to earth.

«Holy shit, that was awesome! Professor, I think that we're going to have to take another class from you next semester!»

«I promise that you'll both pass w/ flying colors!» Tom said. «Oh, and please call me Frank.»

«Cut!» screamed Clarence.

Mary looked around the room. Everyone seemed to be in shock. All four of the actresses were masturbating themselves, something that Mary had just finished doing herself. Most of the men had tell-tale bulges in their pants. Those that didn't had obvious stains. Over half of the people in the room had pissed their pants, including her and George. Mary knew that it was going to be another fun night in the bedroom. She figured that Tom, Tina, and Tamyra would probably go home together. Perhaps she could talk one of the other girls into joining them tonight.

Epilogue - Five Years Later

Tina could hardly contain her excitement as she picked up her cell phone and dialed Tamyra: «T, we got it, we got the part!»

«Are you fucking kidding me? Yes! That's awesome! Hey, honey, I'd love to talk to you, but I've got a scene to shoot. I'll see you when I get home,» replied Tamyra.

«Okay, babe, break a leg,» said Tina. «Oh, and remember, we've got a party at George and Mary's tonight.»

«I remember. Hey, I've got to go. Love you! Bye!»

«Love you too! Bye!»

Tina hung up the phone and squealed. A lot of things had changed she since was fired from her job as a stripper five years ago.

For one, she now shared a home w/ her two lovers, Tom and Tamyra. The three of them were co-owners of Wet Pants Productions, and all three regularly starred in their features. She and Tamyra had also crossed into mainstream porn, where they were both fairly big stars, each taking home a number of AVN awards over the last three years. Tamyra, in fact, was on a shoot for her latest movie right now.

The big news, however, had come w/ the phone call she had just received from her agent. She and Tamyra had received parts in a mainstream movie. The pair, who would be playing a pair of strippers, hadn't received large parts, but they were speaking parts. She couldn't wait for shooting to start.

