Public transport pee (Rebekah's real story)

13th December 2005, 02:40 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Some of you may have seen "Tasmin" on Pandoras **** website. Well she also goes by the name "Rebekah Dee". And she started her own naughty peeing website called "Rebekah Pee" (needapee.com).

Somebody dared her to take a public transport pee -- and film it as well! Recently she posted on the Rebekah Pee messageboard that she had actually done it. And she sent us e-mails as well. Below is the story that she e-mailed us. I can't wait to see the video!

***

Oh my god I can't believe what I did last week...

Someone requested a public transport pee, and I had been trying to figure how and what I was going to do.

After a shoot I got on a train (and this was at about 4.30pm as rush hour was beginning). I noticed that there were some vacant seats in one half of the train carriage. I could see passengers at the other end of the carriage and through the window into the carriage behind. An urge took over and before I had time to think my jeans were between my knees and I was supporting myself between the seats as I began to spray all over the floor.

I was shaking with nervousness, but oh what a feeling! I knew the stop was short, and we would soon be arriving at the next stop, where I had to leave the train. Even if I didn't want to I had to due to the mess I had made on the floor.

So I quickly pulled my panties and jeans back up and felt my panties moisten a little as the remaining drop from my pussy were absorbed. We then arrived at my station and cool as you like I stepped off the train with a very naughty smile on my face. I dared not to look into the faces of the passengers getting on the train - what would they think once they spotted my pee swimming about on the carriage floor.

I'll get this video clip up soon, my most daring yet I have to say!

Rebekah

