Kate and Leah's Parking Lot Pee

3rd February 2017, 12:44 AM

Author: moondog

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 37

Leah: 33 - Blonde, Blue, 5'2", 32C

Kate: 34 - Brown, Green 5'3", 34DD

Leah and Kate were both recently single, after being in long relationships that never went where they expected. They were using tonight to get their single life started up again, and decided to hit the bar.

They'd decided on a bar a couple cities over, and after walking in, realized it was a bladder buster night. Basically, free beer until someone uses the restroom. This is why, thought Leah, there was a line outside the bar at 9pm. They needed everyone to start off on equal footing.

Fast forward to a couple hours in and each of them starting their 7th beer, and no peeing. As they looked around, they noticed many other fidgety people in the bar, and wondered how much longer it was going to last..

Leah looks over at Kate and says, "I don't know how much longer I can hold it, I have to piss so bad!" Kate responds back, "I seriously might be the first person that pees, I am about to fucking explode!"

Finally, the announcement is made that the first person has broken the seal, and the bathrooms are open. Leah and Kate used poor foresight, and positioned themselves far away from the only bathroom in the bar. Already, the line is at least 50 girls deep, and there is only two stalls. They both wait in line in vain for 10 minutes before realizing that they aren't going to be able to wait.

In line in front of them, they listen in on a conversation between two girls who can't be older than 22...

Rachel: "Brynne, we have to figure something out.. I can't wait in this line, I need to piss right now!"

Brynne: "Let's just give it another 5 minutes to see if it moves, Rachel. I really have to go too, but I don't know what other option we have."

Rachel: "Fuck it, I'm pissing in the parking lot, I can't wait anymore.."

Brynne: "Damn, alright, I can't hold it anymore either, I have got to fucking piss!"

Hearing this, Kate and Leah look at each other and decide drastic measures are in order. Leah leads the way out the doors behind the young girls and sees them running toward the back of the parking lot. Feeling bold, she calls out "Rachel!"...

Running up to her, she says, "Hey, it's Rachel right?".. She notices Rachel and Brynne already have their jeans unbuttoned and knows she interrupted them right before they were about to duck down...

Rachel says, "Yeah, do I know you?". "No, but my friend Kate and I heard you two talking about peeing in the parking lot. We're not familiar with the area, and were just hoping you could point us in the right direction."

Rachel: "Shit, yeah, that's where we're headed.. We both had a ton of beers, and the line was crazy long!"

Kate: "Yes, it's insane, I don't know how they expect people to hold it. I literally have never had to piss this fucking bad in my life!"

Brynne: "Same here, so let's pee.. no sense in waiting around..."

All four of the girls have their pants around their knees, and just before they finally get to let it fly, they hear....

"Excuse me ladies, you'll need to get in your car or leave the parking lot. We've had too many complaints of people peeing in the parking lot." It was a security guard patrolling the area. They hastily pull there pants up, hoping he hasn't seen what they were doing.

Leah jumped in and said, "Yes Sir, I'm the designated driver tonight. We're heading home now. Have a good night." They all jump in Leah's car hoping that he won't wait around long.

Leah says, "Holy mother fuck I need to piss so fucking bad.. I swear I think I'm holding 10 beers in me right now...".. then, Brynne says, "He's gone, we're clear, go to the driver side so we're blocked.."

All for of them jumped out, pants again around their knees, backs up against the car in a sitting position, and they let it rip...

Leah had a GIANT stream, that was shooting straight out in front of her with considerable force.. she moaned with relief, "Oh my god, this feels so fucking good. I needed to piss sooo bad!"

Kate's stream was a fierce double stream that was pounding straight down in to the concrete.. she groaned as the pressure increased, "I haven't pissed like this since college. Fuck this feels incredible!"

Rachel's stream was so powerful that it was hitting the tire on the car across from her. She was laughing with relief because she'd never taken a piss so instense... "Look at my fucking stream, it's doing that on it's own. Damnit I had to piss so bad, and this feels fucking amazing!"

Not to be outdone, Brynne's was the most impressive. Her stream was incredibly thick and gushing out of her like Niagara Falls. What the other girls didn't know was that Brynne hadn't pissed since about 3pm that day, and had two energry drinks and a bottle of water on top of the beers she'd had. As the other girls finished up, Brynne was still pissing. "I had to go so damn bad.. I've never ever pissed this much in my life, but it feels sooo good, and it just won't stop!"

Finally, Brynne finished her piss, and naturally was teased by the other girls about how much she peed. Obviously, it was impressive as hell, but Brynne being the competitor that she is, felt like she could have held on a bit longer.

Kate joked with Rachel and Brynne, "I bet you two youngins didn't think us old ladies could pee like that huh?" Rachel said, "Damn, that really was impressive.. I don't think I've ever seen a double stream like that. You must have been about to blow!"

They all exchanged numbers and decided they'd make plans to have another night out. After all, after that kind of bonding, an immediate friendship is born.

