Holiday Camping Weekend Part 2

29th May 2009, 02:31 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

As it turned out I was more then welcome to have supper with Kathys family. Her dad and mom both were greta cooks as it turned out and there was plenty to eat. In fact there was so much that they insisted that I take some of the left overs for meals for myself. Then aftewards Kathy got her bike and we went and took a ride.

We rode over to the state park as far as our ride. I wanted to check it out for there was a good beach here. I don't like swimming in pools all that much. Most of them have to much clorine in them. I like fresh water for I dod a lot of swimming under water with my eyes open. With the clorine in pools I can't do the underwater swimming.

There was a nice beach and I asked Kathy would she like to swim here tomorrow. She said she sure would. So we had our first date setup. Before we left there was a snackbar by the beach so we got sodas and sat at one of the picnic tables there and drank the sodas and talked. There also was boat rentals and we would rent a boat too to use.

We left and headed back to our campground site. On the way back we stopped in a small grocery store and I bought a six pack of beer to replace the beer that Kathy and I had drank earlier. Then we went back to the campgrounds and went right to my camp site.

I asked Kathy if she wanted a brew and she told me yes so I gave her one that was already in the cooler and I took one for myself also. Kathy was sitting at the picnic table but she got up and told me she would be right back. Can I use your bike/ she asked me. I told her sure and she took off on my bike. I wondered why and where she was going after I watched her leave.

I got my thought questions answered a short time latter when Kathy came back.

She had gotten changed for one thing. She had on a different top and a different pair of shorts. She also had a board game with her in the one carrier on my bike. It was the game named Life. She came over with the game sat down at the table and she asked me if I knew how to play it. I told her I did. So we set the game up and started playing the game and drank our beers. I had my radio on again so we had tunes to listen to while we played the game too.

We were roughly half way through the game when Kathy got up from the table. She picked up her money,deed and other game pieces and came around to my side of the table and sat down next to me. She giggled and asked me if I liked having company. I laughed and told her that I did. I put my arm around her waist and gave her a hug. She in turn gave me a kiss on the cheek. We went on playing the game.

We had finished our beers and Kathy got up this time and went and got two more. We opened them we both took a long sip and were just about to go back playing the game but out from the road came Kathys brothers voice. Kathy said real low to me. He would have to show up now. I hope he dosn't stay long. I looked at Kathy but with the look on her face I had to laugh a little. She poked me hard in the ribs. That made me stop laughing real fast.

John came walking in saw we were playing the Life game and saw the bers on the table. Looks like you two are having fun. Kathy said to her brother; We were until you showed up. John laughed. Ok sis I'll leave! I know when I'm not wanted! John wasn't mad at Kathy for he was laughing as he walked away. Kathy watched her brother walk away until he was gone from sight.

I told her she was pretty rude to her brother. Kathy told me she was but he is my brother so I can be rude to him if I want to. I had to laugh for I knew what that was like for I being the youngest in my family I was rude to my one sistor and she was at times rude right back to me at times too. I kidded Kathy by saying to hger; Ahh brother and sistor love! Isn't that grand! Kathy burst into laughter.

When she stopped laughing she told me she had a good reason why she didn't want him around and stay. Why? I asked Kathy back. Kathy looked at me with a slight smile. I have to piss! Thats why!. Well then lets get up and go! I said back to Kathy. Kaqthy giggled some more as she said back to me; Oh you have to go too? I told her I did. Then Kathy told me there was no need to get up. I'll piss right here at the table! She looked at me with even a bigger smile. I laughed and told her that was all right with me!

Kathy stood up and the green shorts she had on were onesw without a belt,snap, or zipper. They only had just a elastic waist band on them. She slipped them right down to her knees and sat right back down on the bench of the picnic table. She sat forward on the bech so that her vagina was well past the edge of the bench. She then reached over to my belt to unbuckle it saying athe same time; Let me do it this time. As I looked at her I smiled.

Kathy had to tug at the belt a few times before she managed to get it unbuckled. You know Victor if you had something else on it sure would make this a lot easier to do! I smiled and told her I did. Can you wait for a moment or two? I asked her. Kathy said backk to me she could in both ways. I got up laughing and told her I would be right back.

I hurried over to my tent and ducked inside of it. I dug a pair of red boxers out of my backpack. I took off my jeans and white briefs that I had on and slipped on the red boxers. I hurried out of the tent and went right back to the picnic table and sat back down next to Kathy. She still had her green shorts down at her knees.

Here try these! I said to her. Kathy looked at my red boxers for a moment and she giggled. Then she told me that they looked like red shorts. She reached over with her one hand felt the front part of them. One of her fingers slid into the front slit of them barely opening it. She giggled more as she slid more fingers into the slit and felt my erect penises shaft now on her fingers she giggled harder and also told me; This IS so much easier now! She pulled my erect penis out through the slit as she said it.

Since I did have a erection Kathy did have some trouble getting my penis pushed downward. She did get it as far as just a slight downward angle. It would be good enough though. She didn't start first this time. I did. Kathy had leaned over so her head was on my shoulder. This way she could see under the table. It took me a few moments for me to start my piss becuase I was erect.

When I started to piss I had a thin twisted weak stream come outr from my penis. It only went out about a foot and went down and started wetting the sand under the picnic table. Kathy giggled. Then she said to me; I thought you had to piss/ I told her I was. Kathy giggled more. It sure doesn't look like it! I replyed just wait I'll get going more. Kidding Kathy told me she would wait. I came back telling Kathy that at least you will be able to hold it longer! That made her giggle even more.

Well my stream sure did take its time to get harder this time. It ever slowly got stronger. For my streams head got wider and my stream inched its way forward down on the dirt under the table. The dirt was so hard packed my piss didn't soak down into the dirt. It slowly flowed over it going in several small piiss trail in different directions. Then my streram reached its hardest point and where my stream now was hitting the dirt underneath almost at the other side of the table it puddled and splashed somewhat noisily.

Now are yu satisfied? I asked Kathy. Watching my piss stream Kathy shook my penis up and down twice meaning yes! Doing that made both of us laugh. I went and pissed a very long time since I was going slowly. Kathy all the time with her head on my shoulder just watched my piss stream but she also would lightly move her hand back and forth on my penises shaft! It wa like she was gently jerking me off!

I made a small piss puddle under the table over at the otherside which was a muddy one too. I had made some piss foam and that was a brownish color. By the time the piss foam had formed my stream started to ease and it fell and came back towars me. My stream came to a dying out stop halfway back under the table. Kathy then stopped her gentle sliding of her hand on my penises shaft. Any more left? She asked me as she looked at me now. I smiled and told her I thought there was. I gave a good push which sent a short but weak spurt of piss out from my penis. Now that is it! I said to Kathy. She had lifted her head up from my shoulder and gave me a kiss on the cheek. But she had not let go of my penis yet. She still was holding it. Now she said to me; My turn!

As I looked over and down Kathy slid her ass back a little on the bench. She thought she was a little to far forward. She said Ouch! when she did. Whats wrong? I asked her. I think I got a sliver up my ass! Kathy said back to me. You can look after I'm done. Woul you do that Victor? I told her I would! Kathy then told me; Here it comes. She started her piss right after she told me she was starting.

Right from the start of this piss her stream came out hard but thin with a twist in her stream. It angled out just slightly and it hissed very loudly. Her piss stream wetted the hard packed dirt between the bench and the underside of the table. The dirt darkened immeadiatly and she had a piss puddle form ins seconds. What also happened was hearing the hissing sound of her piss stream Kathy was holding my penis very loosley and my penis stiffened up more pushing her hand upward.

Feling thsi Kathy looked over at my penis and she told it DOWN BOY! Giggling she told me my horse was getting wild! I laughed. Then with a tighter hold on my penis with her hand we both went back to watching her piss stream. Kathy didn't piss all that long this time. She was pissing hard so that was why. But she did finish differently this time. For she did many hard hissing spurts to finish up thsi piss. After the last piss spurt waqs done kathy turned to me and told me there was now plenty of room for more beer! I and she both laughed.

Then Kathy stood up and turned sideways to me with her bare ass towards me. See if I do have a sliver she said to me. I asked her which one? I think I feel itt in my left cheek. So I started looking her left cheek over. Sure enough I spotted a small sliver in her cheek. There was a part of it still pokeing out of her skin and I managed to pull it out with Kathy saying a quick ouch when I did. That better? I asked her. She told me it was. Can I kiss it to make it feel even better? I asked Kathy. Giggling she told me yes but let me move so you can make it better.

Kathy side stepped over so that she got infront of me between my legs. Ok now you can kiss it! She said to me giggling and wiggling her ass right in front of my face at the same time! I put my hands on her hips leaned over and gave her asscheek a nice gentle kiss where the sliver had been. How's that? I asked her. Oh you can do better then that! Kathy said back to me. So I leanedover again and gave her asscheek a harder kiss on the same spot! The I went on and sucked on the same spot that I had kissed giving her a good hicky! Then I leaned back away. Kathy laughed knowing that I had given her a hicky. Now that was better!

Kathy then moved back over and sat down next to me again. She reached right over and took and put her hand on my penis wrapping her fingures around its shaft. She leaned over and we kissed. Then she told me she wanted to tame my wild horse! I told her go right ahead. Before she stared she took my hand and slipped it down to her vagina and she kand I kissed agin and she told me that I could play around there! So I started lightly rubbing her clit with a couple of fingers. We then kissed as I massaged her and she slid her hand back and forth on my penis as we sat there at the picnic table.

When we started our playing around it was still very light out for the sun was nearing its setting. We were only paying attention to waht we were doing. If anyone had assed by out on the road they could have seen what we were doing! From the road they would have seen Kathys green shorts down at her knees with my hand on her vagina! They would have also seen her hand moving back and forth in front of my red boxers! That would have been a sight to see! But no one did go by so we were not seen.

Now when I was massaging Kathys clit I would lightly touch sometimes her lower pubic hair which was wet. That was from her piss. Her clit had stiffened right up very quickly with my massaging. Kathy between our kisses was breathig somewaht heavily and her eyes had a glassy look to them when she had them open. She was taking nice long slow strokes on my penis which felt real good to me as she did it.

Then Kathy reached down withhher other hand and took my one finger that was massaging her clit slid it down into the lips of her vagina and gently slid it in! Sehe told be to do that too and still rub my clit too! So I did. This got Kathy more excited for she kissed me harder and her hand stroked faster on my penis! Several more minutes went by. Then Kathy all of a sudden kissed me very hard and bit my lip very hard at the same time. I had my finger inside her vagina at this time and it suddenly got real wet! Kathys hand also was now jerking my penis very hard and very fast too! Kathy had reached her climax!

The wetness i was feeling turned into spurts of liquid as she came harder! With Kathys hard pumping of her hand on my penis I felt the sudden tingling sensation building up very fast! I was going to cum then too. I did shooting out from my penis spurts of cum which went all over the place! For I felt it on my thighs of my legs and some had to land on Kathys hand too for she had felt t and she pulled her mouth away from mine and she smiled at me. From her vagina I felt no more liquid from it. Kathy was doen with her orgasem.

I slid my finger out from her vagina but I did gently massaged her still stiff swollen clit. I knew that this would bring her down slowly. Feeling my finger still on her clit massaging it Kathy gave me another hard kiss and she went back to slowly stroking my penis which had yet not started to soften. We went and did this for several minutes more then we did stop. Kathy took my finger off from her clit and she told me she was going to piss a little. I told her I had to also.

So she stopped stroking my penis which was now just starting to soften and she pointed it right down at te ground. We bothg wre looking down now and we both waited and watched. This time we both started to piss at the same time. We both sent hard streams out and made new wet spots in the dirt. Both of our pisses were short lasting about ten seconds or so. Then we both stopped.

Kathy then stood up and the hand that she had used to jerk me off she wiped it on her shgorts. Some of my cum did land on her hand. She ten pulled her shorts up but she looked over at me and told me I better wipe the cum off from my legs. She giggled as she said it to me. So I stood up and she slid my boxers down my legs which did wipe the cum spots off my skin and then she pulled them back up.

We now had lost interest in finishing up our game of Life. Kathy and I picked the game up and put it back on my bike carrier. Our fooling arund had made us thirsty,hungry, and some what tired. So I made a campfire while Kathy made up some of the leftovers and got two cold beers to drink. We spent the next hour eating,relaxing,drinking the refreshing cold bottles of beer together watching the campfire.

By the time we finished it was well past sunset and it was dark even though there was some moonlight to see by. It was time for Kathy to go back to her campsite for vshe told me this. But before I go she told me will you come with me Victor? I laughed and told her I would since I was a gentleman and wouldn't let a lady walk home on her own. Kathy giggled and gave me a gentle poke in my ribs. Then I have one more thig to do before we go too. Looking right at me Kathy asked me if I guess what she had to do. I told her she had to piss. Kathy giggled harder and told me I had hit it right on the head! I told her I had to also go. That made her giggle even more.

So she stood up and pulled her shorts down and sat back down. She reached over and took out my penis out from my boxers and held it. When Kathy had sat back down on the bench her green shorts had fallen down at her ankles but she left them there. We both were facing the fireplace and when we both started to piss my stream went right into the fire making it hiss loudly and whitish smike came out of the fireplace and rose up into the air. Kathys stream at first did n't go that far but it too reached the firs and a second loud hiss started and a second cloud of white smoke went skyward.

Kathy giggled hard right after her stream reached the fire and then right after that we could smell the stink of outr piss in the air. We both broke into laughter but kept on pissing into the fire anyway. We pissed for a pretty long time but didn't put the fire out. We managed to knock it down. We finished pising and Kathy stood up and pulled her shorts back up. I slipped my penis back in my boxers. I went and got water and put the fire out. Then we alked over to our bikes and walked them to her campsite.

