The Continuing Story of Kryssie...

25th May 2010, 03:07 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Kryssie and Chris had been on a few dates since their unusual meeting at a friend's party a couple of weeks ago, but between her heavy course load and his extra curricula activities as captain of the athletics and rugby teams, they had not had much quality time together. And they had no opportunities to further explore their newly found love of pee play. Kryssie sighed as she thought of how little time they had really had together. She still could not believe that Chris liked her; I mean he really liked her. She giggled delightedly as she remember their meeting, and how she had fallen backwards on her ass when he walked out of the bushes, his erection protruding through his open trousers as he stumbled out on her as she was squatting to take a much needed pee.

Thinking of what had happened after this comedic meeting made her tingle and Kryssie's hand idly brushed against the crotch of her jeans. Damn she was horny, and thinking of Chris and the passionate wet sex they had had that night was NOT helping. Still, she smiled, they were going out tonight, and she could not wait. The tingling increased and she moved in her seat, twisting slightly so one of her large firm breasts accidentally brushed against the desk in front of her, and she almost gasped as her nipple stiffened sending sparks of electricity shooting through her body. She didn't even realise she had jerked until she heard the lecturer's voice calling her name...

"Well, Krystal?" James Read repeated. He had been watching Krystal fidgeting in her seat, and knew she was not paying attention. He repeated the question, asking Krystal to stand and answer. He felt a bit mean doing it, he knew she had not been listening, but he could not help himself. There was something about her that intrigued him. He loved her lush full bodied figure, her quick wit and sparkling intellect. She was by far one of his brightest students, and, he sighed softly, dangerously attractive.

As Krystal stood, and he watched and half listened as she faltered, then caught up to the question asked, and managed an almost flawless answer, he noted the tightness of her t-shirt over her ample cleavage, and he also noticed the unmistakeably hard erect nipple of her left breast and the smaller hardening of the nipple on her right breast. Oh my word, his mind said sharply, as yet another part of his brain shrieked "concentrate, stop perving her breasts, dude, she's a student... a STUDENT..."

Luckily for James the bell rang and his students, almost as one, gathered up papers, pens, books and files and slowly filed out. He shook his head slightly, bemused at himself. He never - repeat, NEVER - let himself get involved with students. Most of them were gorgeously vapid, so it was not really hard. So what was it about this girl? He shook his head again and started collecting the papers his students had earlier left on his desk. These were going to keep him busy tonight, that was for sure. He looked up and watched as Krystal, one of the last to leave, smiled at him before walking out. Damn, as fine as her front was, she was delightful to watch as she walked away, round firm cheeks moving in her tight low slung jeans... damn~! He bit his lip - hard - and looked away.

Unaware of the commotion she had caused in her lecturer's life, Kryssie walked slowly out of class. She was still tingling and thinking of Chris, his broad smile, his firm hard body, and oh yes, his lovely erect cock. Kryssie knew she was getting wet, could feel her silky panties clinging to her damp pussy lips, chafing nicely against her slowly hardening clit. In addition she really needed to pee. Ever since she had realised, quite by accident , how much a full bladder accentuated her sexual arousal, she had taken to drinking lots of iced tea and experimenting with how much she could hold, for how long, and what felt better.

Now she was delightfully full, and horny as hell, but her last class of the day was over, so she was fine. She could easily make her way home before getting too desperate . And once there, she would rip off her jeans and make her way to the toilet, where she would sit, legs astride the bowl, and she would play, and squirt, and play, and squirt, until she could no longer be disciplined, and, fingers deep inside the wet hot core of her being, she would let the pee gush out over her hand, hot, wet, delicious, making her cum almost simultaneously.

Thinking of that sweet erotic release caused her tummy muscles to contract, and she absent-mindedly licked her lips. She was almost at the exit doors when she again heard her name being called. What now? She muttered to herself, hiding her irritation. She turned and saw Suzy calling her over. Suzy was an exceptionally bright girl, but as with most really intelligent people, she was a bit of a misfit. Thick glasses did not help, but if you could see past those, Suzy was actually a very pretty albeit extremely shy girl. She was always used in the role of teacher's assistant because she was so far ahead of the rest of the class. Kryssie stopped in front of her, smiling because her irritation was not with Suzy, in fact she liked Suzy and wished she were as bright as her.

"Mr Read needs to see you... " Suzy said breathlessly. She always spoke slightly breathlessly, as if permanently excited, but more especially so when speaking of Mr Read, and Kryssie suspected that Suzy had a crush on him.

"Damn," she said under breath, as her bladder twinged and reminded her she had been slowly filling all day and had not yet gone to the loo. Suzy stared quizzically at her and she smiled again, "It's just... I was..." she started to explain, but gave up. "I'm on my way..." she ended, a little bitterly and Suzy smiled, turning to follow as Kryssie made her way back into the lecture hall and into the office beyond that. She looked in and saw Dr Read in his chair behind his desk, glasses on his forehead, leaning back, with papers in his hand. She knocked and he looked up, and motioned her in.

Kryssie walked in and sat down across from Dr Read. For a lecturer he was kind of cool, he made class fun, was passionate and knowledgeable and, she concluded, looking again at him, quite cute. He had dark hair worn longish but not too long, dark and wavy, with warm brown eyes, a nice smile, and chin that always seemed to be covered in stubble. If only he was not so old, Kryssie concluded, well... he would be hot.

James felt himself flush slightly under the close scrutiny of Kryssie, as her eyes moved over his face, and he wondered what she was thinking. For a moment he could not think at all then his brain unlocked and he remembered why he had called her. Slowly he began explaining that every year there was a competition and he was allowed to select his best student to compete. The prize was a well sought after award that would look great on her future job applications and open up a world of important contacts. He was explaining the details as best as he could, having already explained that Suzy was not eligible as she had already won the award as a second year student, a most unheard of achievement.

Kryssie was delighted that Dr Read was considering her for the coveted Tuner Award, but did he have to go into such detail? Damn, she fidgeted again, moving in her seat, trying to relieve the pressure on her bladder, cursing that she had chosen to wear such tight jeans, as the button and zip were pressing onto her bladder and making things worse. She did not know how much longer she could hold. She bit the inside of her lip and blinked as she felt tears in her eyes. No~! She would NOT embarrass herself in front of her favourite lecturer. No way~! And she concentrated hard...ignoring the pain as her bladder spasmed...

James slowly became aware that Kryssie was fidgeting a lot, and it was distracting him, making him go over and over the same point, each movement making him lose track of where he was. Damn she was so gorgeous~! He became aware that he was somehow talking on auto pilot, as one part of his brain watched her movements, noting the way her breasts moved in that tight shirt, seeing her hands clasped tightly between her thighs... as he noticed her hands so tightly clasped between her jean-clad thighs, he suddenly recognised the movements for what they were - she needed to pee. A wave of heat flooded through him at this realisation. Damn~! He had long been a closet aficionado of pee porn.

It was one of his deepest darkest secrets, not shared with anyone, and he delighted in his occasional nights of pee porn viewing. Evenings spent watching girls pee online, and filling his bladder to capacity, and then lying in his own bath, and slowly delighting as he let his own warm golden pee wash over his skin. Thinking about how good it felt to feel the warm pee run over his skin, down over his balls, into his butt crack, and pool warmly underneath him, made him hard, and it was his turn to fidget.

He thought about the moment when he lay in the bath, tummy distended from his full bladder, his shaft half hard, his heart pounding so hard he could feel it in his temples, his breath catching in his throat even as his chest heaved, every fibre of his being awake, anticipating... how he would lie there, delighting in what he was about to do, loving the taboo-ness of it all, how he would have to concentrate to overcome childhood conditioning, and the pure pleasure he felt as he finally let go. The thought of his strong, warm stream made him harder, and he coughed to distract himself.

He shook his head slightly and handed Kryssie some papers, asking her to go through them and sign them for him. She asked in a slightly husky voice if she could bring them back the next day, and he heard himself tell her no, she needed to do it now. He could not believe he was so hard on her, he knew it would take her a good 10 - 15 minutes to read and complete the application, and she could easily have brought it back the next day. He hated being so mean, but that deeper darker part of him was in control now and he needed the time to watch her, delight in her desperation. He could not help it; after all, what he liked most was desperation.

That was what turned him on. So as Kryssie sighed, and started the laborious application form, he sat forward to ensure his nether regions were hidden under his desk as he half closed his eyes so he could lazily watch. Damn now he knew, he caught every movement. He saw her teeth catch her luscious full bottom lip, saw the strain in her eyes, noted the straight body posture, the tightly clenched thighs with still one hand between them as the other wrote feverishly on the papers he had given her. He caught the soft sighs and saw her twist from side to side. Damn. He was so hard his cock was beginning to ache, and he dared not move, he scarcely breathed, as he watched, trying to appear nonchalant, as sweat beads broke out on Kryssie's forehead and beaded her sensuous upper lip. He noted the whiteness of the knuckles on the hand holding the pen. And he could barely stop himself licking his lips even as part of him was half appalled at what he was doing.

Kryssie wanted to cry. She was so desperate, she was not sure she could do this. She could hardly concentrate; every fibre of her being was now being used to hold onto her bladder control. She wondered if she should just give in, ask to use the facilities, find relief, perhaps even quietly play while peeing - who would know? The thought made her lose concentration, and she felt a small trickle of pee escape. Damn~! She felt her cheeks redden, even as her heart thumped and her pussy quivered in delight as she felt the teeny trickle warmly soak her crotch. She shook her head slightly and regained control. Nope, she refused to give in~! She had planned pee play as a form of foreplay for her date tonight and she did not want to waste the time taken to fill all morning.

James saw Kryssie's cheeks reddens slightly and his cock throbbed in his pants as he looked down and saw the teeniest, almost not visible, wet spot. Damn, he thought, that almost made me cum in my pants like a teenager. Still he saw tears in Kryssie's eyes and his heart softened. He cleared his throat and asked if she was ok. She also cleared her throat before shakily saying she was fine. He was surprised, he had been about to give in and let her go. He sat back again, cock throbbing again. Damn she was amazing~! He had slowly realised that he any burgeoning sexual feelings he still had for her were under control, instead he really wanted to see her desperate and unable to hold. That alone would be enough for him, and wrong as it was, it was infinitely better than taking advantage of a student in other ways. Besides, he given her an out and she had not taken it.

Kyrssie thought she would be fine as she had only two pages left. She concentrated hard, and finished, triumphantly slapping the pen down and handing the papers to Dr Read, a little startled to see a weird expression on his face. He thanked her and said it would only take him a moment to check her form. She sighed inwardly, but carefully sat back. He seemed to be taking forever to read, and she was struggling again. Then he stopped and reached over and slowly poured water from a jug into a glass. He held the jug a little high, she thought, and she watched, mesmerised, as the water trickled out slowly, falling some distance into the glass with a tinkling sound.

It took a few seconds for her to realise she had unwittingly released another trickle of pee in time to the water, and she was mortified~! She glanced down and saw a small but obvious wet patch on her crotch. No, no, no~! Of course, she thought, if I was with Chris right now... too late she caught and held the thought, but not before her tummy contracted as she imagined the pleasure she would have had if she was with Chris, the resultant clenching of her pussy pushed out yet another small squirt. She felt a tear also escape, embarrassment claiming her even as her nipples hardened at the delightful wet mushiness at her crotch.

James watched surreptitiously as he poured the water, seemingly not watching, and saw the effect it had, which had of course been his intention, his glance dropping to her crotch, to be rewarded with the larger wet spot, and then he almost dropped the jug as he saw another small spurt wet the spot further. Damn. He looked up and saw a tear slide down her cheek and set the jug down. "Kryssie?" he said softly, and she first looked down then up again almost defiantly meeting his gaze. "What is wrong?" he asked, immediately sorry.

She looked at him for a moment, her gaze bright and hard and penetrating. She saw he was sorry, but there was something else as well. She did not know what to say. She wondered how to explain. She coughed, clearing her throat. "I... um... I have a 'thing' about going in public loos.." she said, testing and finding herself happy with her white lie as it came out. "So I try to wait till I go home, but... but... you called me and..." she trailed off, casting her eyes down so he would not catch the lie, knowing he would think it was shyness.

James looked at Kryssie unsure if this was the truth or not, but unable to refute it, and as he thought on it, it made sense, he supposed. "Well good gosh girl," he said mock sternly. "You should have said you needed to ..er...um..go, I would have released you...". Of course he knew it was not true but it sounded sincere enough. "well, hurry then, go..."

Looking at him a wild and daring thought hit Kryssie so hard it took her breath away. Could this be her ticket to something she had fantasised about? Could she use this as an excuse? Could she? Dare she? Her heart stopped beating and she stopped breathing for a second as she thought about it. It seemed perfect. But could she? Yes, she screamed at her brain~! Yes. Excitement flooded her as she considered it. She stood up as if to go, then stopped as if frozen, and taking a deep hidden breath, she forced a stream of pee out and felt it seeping through her panties, soaking into the thick denim of her crotch, forming a wet spot that could no longer be hidden. Oh gosh it felt good, and so naughty, and it kind of served Dr Read right for keeping her so long.

Besides, she had her lie to blame it on now, her supposed fear of going in public toilets. She almost giggled as she felt yet another stream flow out, soaking immediately through her sodden crotch, running down her one leg, leaving a darkening patch behind, and splashing on the floor. Pretending to be mortified, she turned away to hide her deep delight and pleasure, hiding her sighs in pretend sobs, standing there, not believing what she had dared. She was tempted to empty her bladder but knew it would make way too much of a mess. This was just a little puddle, and some very wet jeans, emptying her bladder would cause a flooding puddle, so she took control again of her by now much emptier but far from empty bladder. Her shoulders shook as a shudder of passion coursed through her body, but with her back turned she hoped Dr Read would assume she was crying.

James watched in disbelief as Kryssie stood up to go and then he saw the wetness of her crotch as a huge wet patch grew across and down her thigh, and then as a wave of further wetness took the dark patch down her leg and as he heard it trickle onto the floor he felt he was in a live porn show. Damn. Wow. Fucken hell. Kryssie turned away and he saw her shoulders move.

He stood up and went to her, and she turned against him, holding tightly, her body shuddering slightly, her wet crotch tight against him, making his own slacks dampen, and he could barely stop the groan escape his lips. All too quickly she pulled away and he told her it was fine, nobody need know. As she gained control he went into his private toilet off the office and returned with a towel from his shower there. He wrapped it around her waist, and she hugged him again, thanking him and left.

As she left he looked around, did not see Suzy, figured she had gone for the day, and went back inside. He sat on the edge of his desk, unzipped, and took out his throbbing cock. It was wet with precum as he stroked it softly, staring at the small puddle on the floor, remembering how it had looked as the wet patch had spread across Kryssie's jeans. He stood briefly, bent, and put his hand in the still warm puddle, rubbing some her warm pee on his cock, then unable to control himself he stroked hard, completely letting go, until he came hard, shudderingly, quietly, his cum shooting, falling, and mingling with Kryssie's now cooling pee on the floor.

Afterwards he went to his toilet, cleaned up, zipped up, and then cleaned up the mess. Washing his hands in the basin he looked back at his own reflection, half ashamed, half exuberant and already planning how to get a repeat performance. Now he knew Kryssie's weakness, and knowing she had this lecture every week at the end of her academic day, he knew he had great potential for future desperation scenarios.

Suzy stood quietly in the shadows. She had been in the file room while Kryssie was busy with Dr Read, and she had found herself watching from the small window between the file room and the office. She had been able to see, from her angle, how Dr Read 's jeans had bulged as he sat across Kryssie. She has sighed, she had long had a crush on Dr Read and as she was technically finished her course this year and basically marking time to graduate, she had fantasised about seducing him. But she was nowhere near as pretty as Kryssie. She has seen as Kryssie stood, and had watched, mouth open, as Kryssie wet herself, and had felt sorry for her. But when she watched Dr Read afterwards, she had not only touched herself while he had masturbated, her fingers moving in time to his pumping fist, she had also smiled. Now she had a plan on how she could get his attention...

Kryssie called Chris as she walked home and told him what she had done. She heard his voice change and knew how turned on he was when she told him what had happened, and she giggled. Already wet, and with an "embarrassing" excuse for her wetness already on hand, even if it was a lie, she delighted in letting small controlled spurts out to keep her jeans wet and warm all the way home. She told Chris this as well, and he groaned. She giggled delightedly, and told him not to worry, she had plenty of time to fill up before their dinner date, and she had something exciting planned for him...

