The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 7

30th May 2005, 10:48 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I see a few more of you are getting interested in Linda and her family.

More comments about what you think and I'll post the rest of the chapters.

The Farmer's Daughters Part 7

Linda liked spending her time at the club and especially liked Carol. They shared a few secrets and generally had a lot in common. Linda seemed to think that the two of them liked the same things. She wanted Carol to come out to the farm soon.

Leaving the club, she reminded herself that she should stop at the mall on the way home. There was a large grocery store at one end of the shopping center and she needed a few things. Saturday afternoons were a little busy, but she managed the traffic and found a parking spot that was still a ways from the store. Turning the key off, Linda realized that she would need to walk through the mall in her tennis cloths. Thinking about her wet panties, she felt between her legs for the extent of the damage before visually examining herself. Looking up she checked her lipstick in the rear view mirror. She was still pretty wet and her panties were somewhat yellowed even above the double crotch band. She wasn't sure how wet her butt looked either. Oh well, her little skirt should cover the evidence, especially if she didn't bend over. She'd just be careful.

The shopping went well and she made it to the check out line without anyone even noticing. At least she was pretty sure that no one had noticed. The wetness between her legs kept her a little excited and made her horny at the same time. She felt like a young girl hiding something and half expecting to be found out.

Returning through the mall she passed the shoe store and there was Roger. «Hi honey, are you busy today» she greeted.

«Yes Mrs. Hammer, I'm waiting on a couple of customers right now. I always have time for you though, can I get you something?»

«Oh, honey, I do need a pair of new shoes, but I'm in such a hurry. I really need to get back to the house. Should I stop in next week?» At the same time she was saying this Linda squatted down on the toes of her feet, spread her legs apart and rested the grocery bag on one leg while reaching in her purse for the keys to her car. Roger couldn't tare his eyes away from the obvious stain in the crotch of her exposed white panties.

«Besides, I've wet my panties and really should go home and change them. Is it very obvious? Can you tell?» That was it for Roger, an instant tent forming in the front of his dress pants. Linda stood back up, twirling on her feet and started walking toward the parking area door. «Honey, I've really got to go». Roger couldn't miss her stained panty covered ass when she turned, he wanted to say something, but the words would not leave his swollen throat.

Roger had been one of her victims a couple of months before. She had been planning a trip to the mall and had worn blue heels with a matching skirt and white lace blouse. A handbag hung from her shoulder giving her a sophisticated and sexy look. She thought the four-inch heels really accentuated her ass through the tailored skirt. She wanted to enjoy her shopping trip while feeling a little naughty at the same time and so was wearing her usual spandex, high cut, support panties. They were also baby blue, but she decided that the tight panties would be perfect to keep her Ben Wa balls in place and so had located them to provide the most comfort for her little trip.

She stopped at her favorite coffee shop before reaching the mall and enjoyed a high state of arousal while crossing, re-crossing and swinging her legs. The coffee seemed to disappear. Finishing a refill she got up to leave and noticed that her panties felt nicely lubricated from the friction and movement down there. The walk to the car was quite exciting and she half wondered if she should have peed before she left the shop. She'd just have to find a bathroom at the mall.

Traffic moved at its usually slow pace and by the time she parked at the rear of the crowded mall, a to-vigorous application of the brake had caused a new wetness to enter her panties.

It was a hot wetting that seeped around her Ben Wa balls and exited her pussy lips before soaking her panties and anus. She hoped the rear of her skirt would remain dry but she new she had to release more and quickly or she was going to soak herself. Opening the car door and standing beside the car, she spread her legs slightly and looked around. A small puddle formed by her heels. No one was looking and that was really helpful. With most of the pressure released, she ran her hands down the rear of her skirt finding it only slightly dampened. She started for the stores. Linda didn't think anyone would notice her skirt and she hoped the stain wasn't obvious.

Shopping the next several hours allowed her panties to partially dry. They still remained comfortably damp and everything would have been fine if it hadn't been for the Ben Wa balls. They finally took their toll and while standing near a rack of dresses that one little spot finally got attended to and she almost let out a scream. Her legs felt like rubber and before she could regain her composure a new release made itself known. A new puddle started forming around her feet. Wetting was just one of those things that happened sometimes when she had an orgasm and she was more or less expecting to wet her panties again anyway. This time she noticed her pee had soaked most of the way up her ass crack and probably re-wet the back of her skirt as well.

Almost breathless, she casually stepped away from the evidence of her accident and walked out of the store. Her hot, wet panties were still causing 'little mini-gasms' as she turned down the mall. She knew she needed a place to sit down for a moment, to regain her composure. A shoe store, just ahead, had seating. She entered the store and sat down. Sitting in a demonstration chair she discretely crossed here legs, while pretending to look for something in her purse. She hadn't noticed the salesman with his eyes glued on her as she walked to the chair.

«Hi I'm Roger, would you mind if I waited on you. I have just the shoes you'll love and they're on sale. Please, try them on?» Roger had seen this beautiful long legged blond entering the store and he could not ignore her sexy good looks and body. God, what an ass this lady has. She'd probably sat in something judging from a circular stain starting about halfway down her ass crack. Oh well, it just made her appear more exciting. «Here they are ma'am, let me slip them on your feet».

He thought for sure he could look up those beautiful legs if he was careful. The reward came just as quickly as Linda uncrossed and slightly parted her legs so he could slide the four-inch heels on her feet. His eyes traveled up those legs to that area that he never tired of, noticing that her thighs didn't even touch and her panties only accentuated her pussy. He couldn't miss her «camels feet», but something else was obvious as well, her powder blue panties were wet, really wet. He thought again about the stain on her butt. Hell he thought, she's pissed in her pants. Looking up, he said, «why don't you try walking in them, they look really great on you?»

Linda liked this young man's looks. He was probably about Gingers age. But, what ever, he was old enough and she didn't want to lose her touch. She got the opportunity when he started to put the shoes on her feet and spread her legs more than she should have, providing a view that could have only one result. As she stood to walk she noticed that his dress slacks were becoming a lot fuller in front. The special walk she had planned should just about do it.

Watching as she crossed the room, Roger was able to re-evaluate the stain covering her butt. No doubt about it, this beautiful women had very recently wet herself and wasn't the least bit concerned about it either. His mind immediately turned to the summer job he had on the weekends up at the lake. He had seen another pretty blond pull up to the gas dock in her boat. She was dressed in a short pull over shirt that just reached her stomach and a sexy yellow one-piece swimsuit. It fit her perfectly through the crotch and really displayed her pussy lips just like the women in front of him.

The suit was dry except for very obvious semi-circular stains covering her mound and ass. He'd had plenty of time to examine the wet stains and it was only too obvious. The drying yellowish tinge indicating this pretty lady had recently peed her self. She hadn't cared either that she was on display as she stepped in and out of the boat conducting the transaction. Roger had decided that this was really sexy and he watched as others noticed to.

Linda walked to the middle of the room and with her back to Roger bent over to look at her feet. «I like them, what other colors are there».

Roger knew it was all but over now. Her skirt was stretched over her butt as she bent over displaying not only her wetting, but the double crotch band of her panties as well. There was no doubt about what she had done in them either and now there was no way he could stand without showing off one of the largest erections of his life. « Please sit down again ma'am and I'll check the stock room» He stood, immediately turning to go to the rear of the store. He was sure Linda had noticed the bulge in his pants.

Linda promptly followed and before he could say anything entered the stockroom close behind him. «Why don't you show me and then we'll try them on». He turned and their eyes met. The rest happened almost to quickly. Lips touching, she used her left hand to unzip his pants and free his swollen member. Then squatting down in front of him she licked his penis and barely got it in her mouth before it happened. The rest they would keep to themselves except that Roger found out a lot more about her freshly peed underwear.

«Gees baby, that was just to quick». Realizing full well what she could do when she wanted. «Let me buy these, and I don't need to try them on.» Linda handed the shoes to Roger and he wrapped them. «Please take my card. If there are any special sales send me something in the mail.

New customers had entered the store and Roger, wanting to remain professional, glanced at the credit card Linda handed him and «thank you very much Mrs. Hammer. I'll surely let you know about our specials. I enjoyed waiting on you.» He watched and smiled as she wiggled that beautiful butt out of the store. He wondered if the stain on the back of her skirt had just been freshened.

Linda returned to the present as she walked to the car. She was thinking about another trip to the shoe store and what she might plan for Roger. Now she needed to get home. The girls could be coming back anytime and she wanted to see them.

Linda had showered, changed out of her tennis cloths and had been doing a few chores around the house when Lisa and her friends returned from the beach. Wearing a flowered beige dress over fresh underwear and short heels she walked out to greet them. «Hi you guys, did you have a nice day?» Karen and Cindy were out of the car first but it was Lisa that attracted her attention. It was obvious that she'd wet her pants again. That kind of wet stain could only come from one thing.

«Oh mom, you wouldn't believe what we ran into at the beach, what a party,» Karen and Cindy both giggled as Lisa spoke to her mother. «But I've got to get to the bathroom.»

»OK honey, you go ahead, I'll chat with the girls». She thought for a second while looking at her daughter's wet butt and wondering why she would even bother going now. She was sure that Lisa was becoming just like Ginger.

