Camping Trip: Shock and Awe pt. 3

14th September 2012, 01:39 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Continued from part 2...

It was quite awhile since the last incident had occurred. We had managed to prepare dinner and gather enough firewood to last the night. Darkness had already fallen as the air became chilly. This meant that my Aunt and I were already huddled around a fire.

We had already spent a couple hours or so around the fire, downing a 12 pack, and discussing what our plans would be for the next day. It was another hour or so before we had killed off all the beer. (Well, she did. She doubled me up as she drank 8 and I had 4.) Although she was no lightweight when it came to alcohol, she wasn't a night person at all.

It was only a little after 11 pm when she recommended we go to bed to get rested up for the big day we had coming up tomorrow.

I wasn't necessarily fond of the idea, but I was getting bored with sitting around the fire. Considering this, I replied: "Sure, we have to put the fire out, so I'll grab the bucket and dip some water out of the creek."

"Thank You, I'll gather up these beer cans while you do that then." She replied

We both went off on the tasks set before us. The creek was only a couple hundred feet away, so I had made it back with the water just as she discarded the last can. She approached the fire to get a better view of the flames being extinguished as I poured the water over them.

The last few drops dripped out of the bucket. The flames were still flickering, dancing a foot or so above the few remaining unburnt logs along with the many red-hot, glowing coals still remaining.

"Looks like I'll have to grab another bucket to finish putting it out. The last thing we need to do is burn the campground down" I said, jokingly.

She spoke up: "I'll get it for ya."

*I attempted to hand her the bucket when she met me with a gaze and shook her head.*

She demanded: "Get that outta here. I'll show you how a real camper puts out their fire."

I grabbed the lantern and placed it near her as I knew what this meant. She grabbed her loose fitting sweats and lowered them down. Her hot pink thong was the next thing to go. Her pussy remained unchanged from the last time as this was no longer anything new. I must admit though, every time I witnessed her erect, protruding clit it made me want to put it in my mouth and suck on it.

"I'm going to try not to pee on myself or you this time. We're going to run out of clothes before tomorrow if not." She said

There were three areas in the fire pit where the flames were dancing from. This was going to be a true test of accuracy I thought to myself. After all, I'm sure any girl can gush onto a tree. (I'm sure many girls will disagree with that assessment though!)

She thrust her hips forward once again. This time, she placed her erect clit between her two fingers and pulled up on her pussy to direct her stream. Obviously this wasn't her first rodeo!

With a bit of concentration, she let loose a gusher which overshot the entire fire pit. She cut off her stream immediately.

"Fuck, it's so hard to aim when you gotta piss like a Russian racehorse." She exclaimed.

Again she concentrated. This time her stream arched out falling just short of the rocks composing the fire pit. She was much happier with the stream.

"We got 'er now. Watch as I play NYFD now." She laughed.

Her stream arced perfectly as it grew. It was falling perfectly on the first spot of flames. The "SHHH" it created as it doused the flames along with the sound of her gushing pussy was marvelous. As the flames disappeared, smoke and steam began to take their place. The first spot was nearly extinguished.

"Maybe I should go grab that bucket of water" I said as I doubted she could drench the whole thing enough to put it out.

"Are you seriously doubting my bladder right now? Didn't you see the way I gushed earlier? I'll get it out!" She said, obviously frustrated.

She re-aimed her stream to the next patch of flames. I noticed she did this simply by pointing her clit to the direction of the flames. She let out a big sigh as she forced her piss out more forcefully. This led to a fan shaped stream that rained down on the flames knocking them down immediately.

"Ahhhh. That feels amazing." She moaned.

Just one small patch of flames remained as she once again pointed her clit to their direction to re-position her rain of piss. It was apparent her bladder was still full as she continued to moan and exclaim how good it felt. With one quick push, the amazing gush of piss which shot out of her pussy hit the flames with such force that small embers flew into the air.

"Still think you're going to be needing that water?" She said snidely.

Her stream still continued as the only remnants of the fire was steam rising above the now piss soaked ash. She was obviously proud of her accomplishment as she directed her still strong stream in circles around the fire pit.

"Quit playing with it!" I joked

"What? I'm fucking pissing! Can't you see? Now, stand over there and admire my stream." She said dominantly.

*Her stream continued, although at a dying pace as she directed it onto the rocks of the fire pit. It was met with a slight pitter-patter.*

"After you finish admire what's left in my bladder, you can go get me some paper to wipe my pussy with. I mean, I did save you some work!" She giggled.

Her stream stopped finally. I went to get some tissue paper with a huge boner in my pants. I arrived back and handed her the paper to wipe with. She wiped thoroughly before discarding the paper to the ground.

"I've never seen anyone piss like you." I confided in her

I'll take that as a compliment. It's nice to be able to release a flood on whatever I want. She said proudly.

We headed in and went to bed. The days events played over and over in my mind. I'd been so horny all day that I had to take the opportunity to beat off! I'm sure she probably did the same in the closed bedroom.

The next day I awoke to what sounded like a pressure washer blasting the back side of the camper. I knew what was going on, but didn't act upon the opportunity presented. Upon getting out of bed, I walked around back to just see just what went on. I noticed a large clean area on the camper along with a huge wet patch with a tissue dotting the center of it, underneath.

I later asked her: "You piss on your camper?"

"Yeah, it's mine after all" She responded.

"Don't you feel like that's vandalism, though?" I questioned

"No, I piss on everything I own and even somethings that I don't. Camper, car tires, in my pool. Hell, even the front door to my house. You've witnessed this!" She confessed.

"That's actually pretty awesome, but perhaps when you piss on your camper while I'm still sleeping, you use a more ladylike stream" I laughed.

"Ladylike? What the hell is that? Besides, who wants a girl who goes tinkle.. A gusher like me is much better!" She again giggled.

I realized my Aunt has a fetish for pissing on things that she feels she can lay claims to. I'm so glad she shared it with me as I now love to see girls doing just that. A girl marking her territory with her very own piss.

Aside from her powerwashing the back of the camper a few more times, we only shared one more experience that weekend. I'll detail that for ya later!

