The Apprentice Pisser Ep 3 Part 6: Includes naughty pissing

26th May 2014, 03:29 PM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Here is the latest installment. If you enjoy it, please leave feedback.

The Apprentice Pisser Ep 3 Part 6

Next to enter the cubicle was Helen. Sophie heard Nicolette beg "PLEASE be quick" and recalled that Nicolette was the other contestant told they couldn't use the loo till last. 'Maybe another girl will end up soaking her knickers' Sophie wondered hopefully.

Her attention quickly focused on the girl in front of her however. Helen was wearing a medium length navy skirt and a white t-shirt with a maroon pattern on it. From her avid watching of the programme Sophie remembered that Helen was 28, and could see she was about 5ft 5ins, with black hair, and of Mediterranean origin, with gorgeous olive skin. Her breasts were extremely large, and combined with her short height her proportions almost gave her the appearance of a male-designed video game character

To Sophie's surprise rather than simply pulling down her skirt and pale yellow panties, Helen carefully stepped out of both garments and hung them carefully on the peg on the back of the door. Sophie could now see Helen's gorgeous, generously sized behind, ivory soft and smooth and this was fantastic enough. Then Helen turned to face toward the actual toilet, however, and as she turned Helen's gorgeous 'honey pot' was also revealed. A small tuft of black hair, neatly trimmed and below, the gorgeous pussy lips. Sophie gave a sharp intake of breath at the gorgeous sight . Helen stepped forward till the front of her feet were to the side of the porcelain base of the toilet and crouched slightly.

Sophie's heart beat faster in anticipation. Was Helen really going to do what she thought? Was she really going to piss vandalise the toilet. But Nicolette was next in, where would she go? Helen clearly didn't care, as she crouched in front of the toilet..there was now no mistaking her intention. Suddenly a strong powerful jet of deep yellow piss burst forth.

Clearly Helen had obeyed the rules about not having a wee since 8pm yesterday. The spray immediately began to cover the toilet seat and when that was soaked, a quick flick of the lid brought it down and Helen covered that in her yellow delight too. Carefully taking a few steps backward, and moving her pussy lips, (she'd clearly done this before), Helen was now able to begin to soak the base of the toilet, and the floor of the toilet cubicle. Her piss spray showed no signs of stopping and an ever-growing puddle was forming over the floor of the cubicle. Sophie kept a careful eye on it, she didn't want to end up with her feet in Helen's wee-wee if the puddle came too far.

The expression on Helen's face was one of almost orgasmic bliss Aside from the sheer relief of unleashing the contents of her bladder after over 12 hours, there was clearly a sheer delight in the utter naughtiness of her actions. It was such an improper, unladylike, naughty thing to do and she was revelling in her defiance of all the mores of proper behaviour. She may also have been thinking of what poor desperate Nicolette would find. At this point Helen began to manipulate her pussy so the lower part of the walls took a soaking, and then while she still had a decent spray she flipped up the stainless steel lid of the toilet roll holder, and gave the only loo roll a really good drenching. As her golden stream finally slowed to a trickle she gave her last few drops to the puddle on the floor.

The puddle was slowly expanding, and Helen quickly retreated out of its path.

Grabbing her panties

& jeans from the back of the toilet door, she opened it and quickly stepped out

"There you go Nikki, I didn't even bother getting dressed to help you out" she beamed, as the other contestants couldn't help but admire the lovely lower half of her body, now fully revealed to them.

All except the absolutely bursting Nicolette who, as Sophie watched through her peephole, raced into the cubicle in her lovely Van Dal shoes... and ran straight into the pool of wee which with the pace of her run, splashed over the bare tops and over Nicolette's dainty uncovered tops of her feet.

Sophie could see the confusion on Nicolette's face before realisation dawned

"You dirty bitch" she yelled and from the outside Sophie could hear the sound of laughter from several girls. Helen had obviously told them what she'd done.

Poor Nicolette was clearly bursting though. She hadn't the time for finesse or to hang up her clothes, so she unzipped her blue jeans, and her red silk knickers and pushed them down her legs, meaning they got soaked in wee from the base of the toilet as well.

She crouched over the toilet to try and avoid sitting on the piss-soaked seat, and put her hand on the loo-roll holder for balance. Her hand recoiled as she realised the toilet roll holder was also covered in Helen's girl wee but in removing her hand she lost her balance and flopped down hard onto the wet toilet seat, her just started firehose spray of hot piss changed direction as she fell and adding insult to injury her hot fresh piss arced beautifully before landing on her jeans and panties. She was too desperate to stop her flow and couldn't adjust the angle of her stream for at least 5 seconds leaving the clothes even more wee drenched

Nicolette may as well have wet herself, Sophie considered, her clothes, her bottom and her hands were now all covered in Helen's piss. Sophie covered her hand with her mouth as she laughed guiltily at poor Nicolette's predicament but it did look funny. She felt guilty for laughing but on reflection she considered that it was only a bit of pee, that everyone had had to negotiate a pee-soaked cubicle at some point in their life, and that Nicolette could potentially end up with ... 75,000 in which case she'd be laughing all the way to the bank and could buy 100s of new shoes, jeans and knickers.

Nicolette tried to grab a piece of loo roll to wipe her hands and help her hold onto the toilet roll holder but realised very quickly that it was a soggy unusable mess, thanks to Helen's comprehensive naughty piss.

So Nikki hovered as best she could, her feet, trousers and knickers in a pool of piss, and her bottom wet with wee from the toilet seat. Sophie enjoyed looking at Nicolette's naked lower half. Nikki was 5ft 7ins with long blonde hair. She was slim and trim from head to toe, with small breasts and backside. The firm compact bottom, looked like a lovely peach. Meanwhile Nicollet's pussy was completely clean shaven lending an unimpaired view of her beautiful youthful slit.

From Nicolette's beautiful pussy the golden nectar continued to flow, the fact that it was falling from some height into the toilet bowl meant there was a lovely loud splash as the pee hit the water in the toilet, much like when rain falls onto a pond. Inevitably the stream was unsteady as Nikki fought to stay balanced and somewhat like a golden pendulum the pee arced first slightly forward and then slightly back, as Sophie watched mesmerised.

Nikki was sighing with the sheer joy of relief which seemed to be overriding all over emotions including the frustration of ending up the victim of Helen's naughty pissing prank. Finally her stream slowed to a trickle and then died away. She stepped put of her pee soaked shoes, jeans and knicks , her wet feet feeling as if she'd stepped out of the shower, and run over the floor to answer the phone, and she opened the cubicle door, covering her modesty by holding her jeans in front of her, careful to hold the jeans by the dry areas though that seemed a little like shutting the stable door when the horse was several miles down the road.

The other girls laughed at her state, running behind her to see the splashes of pee on her bottom.

Helen grinned "I'm so glad I helped you make it to the loo on time..it would have been awful for you if you'd wet yourself"

Nikki didn't want to make an enemy of Helen. She felt she was a strong contestant and would rather have her inside her tent pissing outwards, then on the outside pissing in, so to speak, so she laughed along "yeah, you got me" she said

At that point Maggie entered the room.

"Okay, now you've all had your morning wee, it's time to gather in the main sitting room" she said, and ushered them out

When they had all left, Maggie knocked on the cubicle door and told Sophie it was safe to emerge

Sophie unlocked the door, a broad smile on her face "How amazing was that" she said.

