A Quick Word before Wetting at the Movies

10th April 2014, 10:26 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Allow me to answer a question that's been appearing in my Inbox more and more: "Is your whole life really full of these sexy wetting adventures?"

Yes and no. The stories that I've shared on here are indeed true. (as best as I can remember the details ) Such is life when one has a fetish. The thing is; that's not what it's like every single day. Sometimes I go whole days without crazy horny wettings. As many folks here can attest, horniness comes and goes. On these days, I'm more than content to just wander into the bathroom, put on a pair of panties, have a relaxing wet, and continue on with my day.

What, did you think I was going to say I didn't wet myself every day? Dream on! I'm just saying it doesn't always erupt into sexual deviancy, like my stories here may suggest. Everyone's got to have a normal, er, semi-normal life to themselves. I may be a horny lil' jitterbug, and I may have given up underwear, and I may make a point to wet myself for kicks... but that doesn't mean I can't function in modern society.

Now that the boring stuff is out of the way, let's have another sexy wetting story!

I love all manner of fantasy and fiction. Sci-fi, comic books, Anime, video games... I'm more than a little geeky. And right now, it's a great time to be a nerd. Marvel's putting out some truly spectacular live-action adaptations of their famous characters and stories. And just the day before yesterday, I was planning on going to the theater to see Captain America 2 with my darling husband! My darling husband, who at the last minute, decided to go see it with his drinking buddies instead.

Now to be fair, he doesn't get to see his buddies very often, most of whom he's known since grade school. Still, it was kind of a bummer. I always enjoy date nights. But I had taken time off of work; I was determined to go see that movie! So I called up my lovely Alice, and we met that night to see it together.

I won't go into any spoilers here; don't worry. I will say this though; the movie was AWESOME. It's like a well-written spy-thriller with superheroes! And the eye-candy double-whammy of Chris Evans and Scarlett Johansson was just the cherry on top. Those two are so friggin' hot. I've always had a fantasy about costumed superheroes; that their skin-tight uniforms are only that way because they're not wearing a single thing underneath. Imagining C.E. and S.J. just unzipping a little and being fully-naked got me more than a little juicy.

Once the movie was over, everyone started filing out, as usual. Problem was, I had a movie soda. Movie soda is a diabolical device that may taste really good and be totally refreshing during a long movie, but it magically passes through your body at the speed of light. My bladder was at critical mass. But I was all horned up from fantasizing about the movie's hot stars. I wanted a good wetting.

Alice nudged my arm. "Ready to go?"

I was rubbing my legs together, enjoying the light friction in my crotch. "I really want a wet, babe."

She let out a quiet chuckle. "What, here? How?"

How indeed? How could I satisfy my need for naughtiness? Well, as it just so happened, that theater had just undergone renovations, and everything in it was shiny and new. Including the seats, which means they weren't your average coated-in-bacteria theater seats. I hatched a plan.

I looked up at Alice, who was standing at this point. "Is everyone gone yet?"

She looked around at the dim theater. "Yeah, but if you're planning on wetting, don't forget the cleaners are about to come in."

Crap, she was right. But then I remembered that theater cleaners never go in and start their job until all movie-goers leave first. "Keep them busy, I'll try and hurry." I stood up and lifted my ankle-length skirt, bunching it up and exposing my bare crotch for all the world to see.

Alice grumbled. "Aww, I wanna watch!" Reluctantly, she headed for the exit.

I sat back down on the new, clean seat and spread my legs, pressing my pussy firm against the spongy fabric. I arched my back and relaxed my pelvic muscles, releasing a flood of pee into the seat. It pooled around my crotch, submerging my lady-bits in lovely warmth before being absorbed and sinking all the way into the seat. It felt so good, I wanted to stay and masturbate too, but I had to remember the situation I was currently in.

Having finished my indulgence, I stood back up and let my skirt fall back down. My pee was starting to leak and drip out of the bottom of the seat! I grabbed my purse and hurried to the exit. There I saw Alice, awkwardly chatting with the theater cleaner. "Ah, there you are!" she said, nonchalantly.

I looked right at the cleaner. "Hey, just so you know, I think some kid spilled something in one of the rows." I'm so clever.

Alice didn't miss a beat. "Oh yeah, we heard something like a splash during the movie."

He smiled and said "Thanks for the tip, we'll take care of it." I would have felt bad for the guy, if he didn't already probably clean up worse messes many times before.

In the car on the way home, Alice and I chatted about it. I asked her, "What did you tell the guy?"

"Just that you were making sure you had your phone and such. He didn't care; he was preoccupied with the fact that I'm a girl and I came to see this movie without a man."

I laughed out loud, and addressed myself with a moist towelette.

She looked down at my crotch in-between traffic stops. "And was it worth the wet?"

"Most definitely. Watching those two hotties in the movie got me pretty horny."

"Well, me too!" she said, mockingly. "And you're not helping!" We both had a good laugh at that.

When we got home, she sat down right on my face and didn't get up until I gave her as many multiples as she could take. Serves me right for leaving her out of horny wettings.

