Our teacher peed for us!

17th June 2006, 01:39 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Miss Hardy walked accross the courtyard of the school on a warm May afternoon, and looked up at the imposing building. It was a prestigious boys school in the south of England, and she'd been brought in to tutor the boys in science for their approaching GCSEs (public exams taken in the UK at 16). She was only in her late 20s, but had already built up a reputation for motivating and bringing the best out of them, and the school had brought her in for 3 months in the hope of boosting their exam results

She made her way up to the science lab, where her students were ready waiting for her. This was her fourth session of Biology with the group and she had already built up a good rapport with them. It was the last lesson of the day and the relaxed group gave her cheers and even a couple of wolf-whistles as she walked to the front of the room!

"OK , back to revision. Last week we did respiration and the circulatory system, today we're going to look at reproduction."

A few inevitable giggles ran round the room as she turned on the projector, and a diagram of the male organs appeared. She looked at the boys and smiled.

"Now I'm sure you guys don't need me to explain what all these bits do! But I'll just remind you of the proper names."

She went through the various labels, explaining the correct terms, then turned to the class. "Right, everyone OK on that?" A few murmurs of agreement went round, but the hormone ridden lads were more focussed on her tightly trousered bum and the bumps under her blouse than what was on the screen!

Pressing a button on her laptop, a diagram of the female organs appeared and a few cheers and whistles went round the room.

"Now settle down, its just a diagram!" she said with a cheeky smile. She went through the various bits, explaining the names and functions and highlighting the main differences between males and females. And as before, she turned to them at the end to ask if everyone was keeping up. Again, there were murmurs of agreement, but then a voice piped up - slightly nervously - from the back of the lab:

"Miss, what about - you know - going for a pee, I mean, how do you do it?"

A few nervous laughs.

"Ah, urination." she said. "Well, the opening of the urethra in females is between the vagina and the clitoris, here let me show you on the picture." She tried to explain, but the diagram didn't really show it very well, focussing as it did mainly on the internal reproductive organs.

"Sorry, it doesn't really show on this drawing, but its just a hole really, about here." she said, pointing to her crotch.

"But what does it look like? And how does the pee come out? Have you got any pictures?" continued the voice at the back. The other boys chimed in too - they were definitely starting to find this class very interesting!

Miss Hardy went slightly pink.

"Well, I haven't got any pictures, no, but it just kind of squirts out, its nothing special, believe me."

She was all ready to press on to the next subject, but then a devilish thought crossed her mind. She needed to pee anyway, and - she assured herself - this was 'purely for educational purposes'. She hated to admit it too herself, but she found the thought of peeing in front of a group quite a turn on!

"Look" she said, going to the door, locking it, and walking back to the front of the room. "You're not to tell a soul about what you're about to see, agreed?"

Murmurs of agreement and astonishment from the group.

"OK, come to the front and gather round."

As they moved eagerly to the front of the lab, Miss Hardy got the empty wastepaper bin from the corner of the room and placed it in front of the group.

"I can't believe I'm doing this.." she murmured to herself through her teeth. But she decided to press on before she lost her nerve. With slightly shaking hands, she undid her belt and unfastened her fly, then slid her trousers down and stepped out of them. She stood up in her white panties and smiled nervously at the group.

"OK, you're sure you want to see this?" Most of the guys were too astonished and open mouthed to reply. Some could already feel blood pumping into their penises and were trying to think of ways of hiding the fact!

"OK" she said, then put her fingers into either sides of her panties, and, with heart beeating hard, slid them down and stepped out of them and stood up revealing a neat triangle of pubes. She couldn't stop herself looking at the s crotches at this point! She knew the affect she must be having on them, and that was starting to get her aroused, especially when she saw some major bulges appearing in trousers! She was worried that her arousal might actually show when she started to pee - she could feel that her lips were swelling and she was getting moist - but hoped these inexperienced boys would think this was normal!

"Now, how should we do this?" she said, looking around the room. "Tell you what, get 2 stools and put them infront of the desk here".

The stools quickly arrived, and she hauled herself up onto the desk, sat on the edge, and put her feet on the stools, placed a metre apart in front of her. Her vulva was now fully on view to the boys, some of whom were desperately trying to hide their growing erections. She looked down, and with another blush saw her swollen labia, glistening with moisture.

"OK, Tim, you'd better hold the bin. Make sure nothing gets on the floor."

The boy who asked the original question moved to the front, picked up the bin, then squatted down and to one side so as not to obscure his fellow students' view.

"About here?" he asked, holding the bin at an angle in ront of her.

"Yeah, that's about right, but be ready to move with the stream!" Then, remembering this was supposed to be "educational" said "OK, now concentrate on how it comes out. You'll probably notice it flows faster than yours."

A hush fell on the group as Miss Hardy sat, trying to get the flow started in her aroused state. There was silence for a few seconds, then a quiet 'explorartory' pee hit the inside of the bin, quickly followed by the stream proper! It made a loud noise in the metal bin as it reverberated and a few splashes hit Tim on the face! She was relieved that the room next door was empty so no-one else could hear! Thrusting her hips forward, she spread her legs wide and pressed her pee out for full effect. The students watched with mouths gaping while the blade of pale gold streamed from between the lips. She let out occasional moans of relief and tried to keep her free hand away from her clitoris. She was enjoying the male attention - she'd split with her last boyfriend 6 months earlier, and although she was starting to get to know a new guy, a girl has needs!

At last the stream slowed, and she looked round at the guys. Most now had full erections, and some were pressing them, trying to make the rubbing not TOO obvious! Then one of them let out a grunt and went bright red! They all - Miss Hardy especially - knew what had happened! She knew she was getting even wetter now and her clit was on fire, but managed to keep herself under control.

"I think you'd better get that cleaned up when the bell goes." she said looking at him. She got dressed quickly and silently in front of the astonished group before the final bell rang out. Tim emptied the bin into one of the sinks, having a sneaky taste while no one was looking!

Finally, the bell went and saying "OK lads, good lesson, see you on Thursday.", she dashed out of the room, and to the front of the school where her new "potential" boyfriend was waiting to pick her up so they could go shopping together.

"Forget the shops, take me home" she said breathlessly, wrapping her arms round him and kissing him forcefully.

"Are you OK?" he asked, surprised.

"Yep, but I need to get home first if thats OK?"

She was still on fire and desperate for sex. When they finally arrived home, she literally pulled him inside, upstairs and fell on him, making passionate love on the bed.

He just assumed it must be the warm weather getting to her. If only he knew!

