/the-indecent-life-of-a-member-of-high-society-part-5/39542/

The Indecent Life Of A Member Of High Society Part 5

7th January 2010, 12:02 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

It was late when I got back into the city. I went straight into the garage with the car and then walked over to the house. Even though it was late Elsa was up and I told her I was back and was going to get cleaned up. I told Elsa if Miss VanSchoonhoven was still awake I was home and would be ready to take her in a hour. Elsa said she would tell Lucy. I thanked her and left and went back to my apartment over the garage.

I got out of my uniform and filled the tub in the bathroom. I was very dirty with road grime from the long trip taking Mrs VnSchoohoven up to the summer cottage and comming back down. When I got into the bath that hot water sure felt good and I relaxed taking my time washing up as I laid stretched out in the tub. I als began thinking again about what the Mrs's and I had done on our trip and my cock became erect with its head bobbing just above the suds and water in the tub. I laid there stretched out watching the head of my erect cok bob around and I smiled.

Then as I was laying there with a hardon in the tub Lucy comes walking in in a big hurry saying as she came in; Elsa told me you were back! I came in to see if and then Lucy realized I was naked in the bath and she saw my hard cock with ts head bobing above the water and bubbles. She was silent just for a very fast moment then she let out a little giggle and went right over and sat down on my toilet.

I wasn't concerned that Lucy had walked in on me. I did sit up which the head of my erect cock slipped out of sight into the bubbles. Thats waht concerned me was my erect cock. I was a little afraid that Lucy seeing it would start asking me questions why I had one. Lucy ddn't at first. She asked me how the trip had went. I told her it was long but the Cadillac gave me no problems what so ever.

Then Lucy asked me how her mother liked the trip. I told Lucy that she didn't mind it all. In fact she drove part of the way after we had made a stop. I saw a smile come on Lucy's lips. Then Lucy asked me if that stop was a normal stop or was there more to it. I satt there in the tub now wondering what Lucy had ment by it. So I asked her why. Lucy let out a short laugh. Then she spilled the beans.

Oh mother telephoned and I talked to her. She told me all about the TWO STOPS that you two made on the trip and all about you two pissing and screwing while you stopped the first time. The second stop too with mother again taking a piss and letting you watch and also having shitting out your cum since you got a piece of asss on the first stop. Lucy didn't mention about her mothers other actions while stopped the second time. Then Lucy said to me to finish up the conversation; I bet that's why your hard right now for that's what you were thinking about!

The only thing that came quickly to mind to say back to Lucy was and I said to her; Guilty as charged. Lucy laughed hard. Lucy the told me to relax. There's nothing to worry about. I still sat for a moment and then Lucy again told me to relax. Lucy then said to me. Lay back I want to see your cock bob around again. I smiled and stretched back out and my cocks head popped back up poking again above the water and the bubbles in the tub. Lucy giggled seeing my cock again.

Lucy sat there for several more minutes on my toilet and we talked about the trip and other things. I began to wash myself off more as we talked. As I neared the end of washing myself off Lucy told me she had to piss. I told her go ahead. You're already on the pot! Lucy got up off from the toilet. But she came over to the tub instead flipping up the back of her dress as she walked over to the side of the tub. No I'm not going to piss in the toilet she said to me. I'm going to piss on your cock!

I was ilenced by this. Lucy's bare ass was showing as she had turned with her dress flipped up in the back. This was the first time I had seen Lucy's ass and it was a real cute looking ass. Lucy was limmer then her mother but just as curvey in apearence. Her cheeks were very firm looking and her asscrack at least to me as I looked at her ass the curve of her crack seemed longer then her mothers and the other thing there was no pubic hair since Lucy was clean shaven.

Lucy sat over the edge of the tub now. She dd look back to get herself over me and to see if she was sitting in the right position so she would piss on my cock. Once satisfied that she was in a few very short seconds a hardyellow piss stream came shooting straight down out form her little girl looking pussy and hit my ocks head and made also a big noisy splash in the bath water. Also too where her piss splashed it popped the bubbles making a opening n them.

Her piss was warmer then the bathwater and it felt real hot on my cock. For the first several seconds her stream flowed silently then it began to hiss softly but got louder as she went on with her piss. Lucy sat over the edge of the tub pissing on my ock for about twenty seconds. Then she stopped. She got up from sitting over the edge of the side of the tub. I have a better idea she said to me as she got up.

Lucy dopped her dress right down stepped over the edge of the tub and without picking up her dress she stood over me right in the tub! Her dress now was soaked by her doing this. Lucy then knelt right down still not pulling up her dress so it got soaked even more. Lucy was laughing hard now. I felt again hot piss on my ock and the hising of her stream again. I quickly reached out with my hands and grabbed her dress and yanked it up out ofthe water and bubbles saying at the same time to Lucy; I want to see! Now I could see Lucy's little girl looking pussy and her piss splattering off my cock!

Lucy pissed for about 15seconds more and came to a dribbling dripping stop. Seeing her piss and having her do it mostly on my cock I had to reach up and I yanked her dress down off from her shoulders and Lucy'c breasts popped out from it. I moved forward and I gave each one a hard kiss and a hard single suck on each of the big dark pink nipples. After I had kissed and taken the single suck on her left breast Lucy pushed me right into her right breast when I kissed and took the single hard suck on the right one.

Then I had to forceto pull my head back away. I looked right at Lucy and she leaned over and kissed me hard. Then she whispered loudly saying to me; Thats alright go back and do that again! So I did but this time I laso taesed her nipples licking them besides sucking and kissing them. Lucy in turn reached down in the water which I felt her hand on my ock and she started to jerk me off! Then after several minutes she held my ock still in her hand and she began rubbing her pussy up and down the side of my cock.

Now there was the sounds of laughter, splashing, some slurping by me as I was sucking away on Lucy's tits all mixed in the bathroom. I aslo with our goings on I began to piss. With Lucy holding my ock still in her hand and her pussy rubbing up and down my cock my piss hit Lucy's bare skin on her lower belly. Feeling my hot piss hiting her Lucy suddenly pulled herself away and she leaned way over to see what was so hot that was hitting her. Seeing my shooting yupward piss stream splashing on her she let out a hard loud short laugh. Your'e pissing on me! she almost screamed out. I smiled and before I could say anything Lucy moved my ock and I began to piss right on her pussy!

I LIKE IT! I LIKE IT! LUcy repeated loudly over and over again. I just laid there and pissed. As just as my stream started to ease Lucy suddenly said; I have to try it! In one very quick motion Lucy shoved my ock right up into her pussy! My cock slipped in about a third of its length! Thsi I did expect! I should have felt more resistance. After all at least at right up to this point Lucy was a virgin!

My warm piss was still flowing and Lucy sure was feeling it. Oh my god Elsa you are so right! Lucy almost yelled out as she said it. Then a few seconds later I had puased as far as pissing and then I did two hard spurts which each one made Lucy scream out loudly. Then that was it I was done as far as pissing. Then Lucy didn't pull heself up.Shelet go of my ock with her hand and ever so slowly eased her body down and my hard cock slid deeper up inside of her pussy.

As it slid in deeper I became aware of how tight Lucy's pussy was on my cock. It took good full minute or more before Lucy was sitting down on me with her full weight on me and my cock was deeply inserted in her pussy. Lucy looked right at me with a glassy look in her eyes and told me that my cock felt great in her pussy. Elsa told me that it would be when it was the first time! Now I knew I was Lucy's first! But why didn't I feel her hyman give way?

So I asked Lucy. Lucy giggled a little which her pussy being so tight on me I felt her pussy ocntract on it on each giggle. Lucy then told meshe had taken care of itself the other day. She told me all abut her masterbating and pissing in her bedroom! Then when she was done telling me she smiled with a big smile. I let out a laugh which made me shake and Lucy felt my cock move in her pussy and she again giggled a little. Then she started to slowly pump up and down and I leaned over and started to work her tts over again.

Then I felt Lucy's fingers slip by touching my cocks shaft which was followedd by a feeling that it was getting rubbed but this was not by her fingers but the inisde of her pussy was being moved. Then I knew what was Lucy was doing! She was playing with her clit with her fingers! Also too she had sped up her pumping just a little more so I felt her pussy sliding on my cock a litle more.

We went like this till I had to cum which I told Lucy I was going to. Just before I did cum Lucy slid down and sat still having all her weight on me again and I shot a good load of cum deep into her. Lucy let out a scream aslo her pussy contracted hard on my cock! I also felt harder jerking of her pusy against my cock. Lucy was really now masterbating her clit hard with her fingers!

I shot a second and third load of cum into her pussy. Lucy screamed louder each time and she was now wildly masterbating herself which was so hard she was splashing the bath water all over the place! Then she must have climaxed for I felt her pussy go right into hard spasims on my ock and Lucy just let out one very loud long scream till her climax was over and she went totally limp and collasped hard into me.

We stayed like this for several minutes in the tub. Then Lucy leaned backup we kissed several times and then Lucy got up off from me stoodup and she lookedd own at my now semi erect cock and watched it go back to being limp. Then she grabbed the washcloth turned around ran some hot water on it and then she knelt and told me to stand up. I did. Then she latheredup the washcloth with a lot of soap amd gently washed my cock off and did my lass also.

While Lucy washed my limp cock off and before she did my balls she said to me; It's to bad this thing doesn't stay hard after its job is done. It would be great just to keep going if it stayed hard! I smiled a little and I told Lucy it wasn't a machine that you could keep running. Lucy giggled hard. But it is reusable aftera hour or so with a litle help Lucy. Lucy giggled again as now she was rinisng all the soapy lather off from my cock and balls. Then she in a whisper said; THat I'll have to see.

We then got out of the tub. I started drying off and Lucy even with her soaked wet dress put her boots back on. She told me she was going back up to the house. I have to change and I will meet you in the kitchen. All my bags are there and we can pack up the car and go down and board the ship. They are waiting on us. With that Lucy left and I finished drying off. I got drssed and grabbed my satchels and I left and went up to the house.

