Kyia The Next Morning Part 1

10th June 2010, 01:46 PM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Straight Male) Posts: 8

I slept very soundly after having all the fun with Kyia before we slept. We did move over on the other side of the bed where it was dry before we did fall asleep. That other side of the matress got soaked with Kyias pissing. Good thing I had the king sized bed! I wouldn't have liked to sleep on a cold wet matress despite it being that I had been pissed on.

I was alone too when I got up. Kyia was not next to me or I didn't hear her in the master bathroom off the bedroom. So I got straight out of bed not bothering to get dressed. Besides it was juts me and her so there right now was no need to get dressed. I wlked out of the bedroom and I headed for the livingroom first.

In the livingroom Kyias satin dress, bra, and stocking were still on the floor along with my clothes. So she wasn't dressed either! I smiled and thought about her being nude which made my penis respong by getting erect very quickly! I then heard from the kitchen the coffee maker,the rattle of dishes, and something frying, which smelled like bacon so I walked to the kitchen.

Since I was barefoot I walked silently into the kitchen. Sure enough there stood Kyia totaly nude at the counter pouring coffee into two coffee cups. I stood there for a moment waited and watched her. She finished pouring the cups of coffee and then she put eggs, bacon, toast on the two plates. Then I walked over behind her and I reached around her and put my hands right on her breasts and gave them a squeeze.

This didn't scare her for Kyia in a cheerfull voice said to me; Good morning! I gave her a quick kiss on the side of her neck and said good morning back to her. After squeezing her breasts for a few times Kyia stepped back which placed her ass right against my erect penis. Oh! Kyia giggled out loudly. It seems that something is ready for something this morning! Kyia then rubbed her ass back and forth on my erect cock.

Then she said to me; You have choice to make there mister. Breakfast or more fun. Which do you want? Breakfast is all made and is hot. Then she let out a giggle and then went on saying to me; Hard cock making me hot too! But I'm hungry so we eat first ok? I stepped back so my cock was no longer between Kyias asscheeks in her butt crack. I told her I was hungry so we were going to eat first.

Now I have a covered back deck on the house and Kyia told me we were eating on the deck. So I helped her carry out our breakfast. We set everything for our breakfast on the picnic table. But before I sat down for breakfast I had to piss. I told Kyia that I had to. She smiled and said ok to me. I'll holld while you go! So we stepped over to the edge of the deck together and she took my erect cock and held it.

I had no problem starting this mornin. I sent a long arcing piss stream out from my cock. It glistened in the morning sunlight as it arced through the air. I let out a little soft sigh of relief as I stood there. Kyia let out just a litle soft giggle first then she said; Feel that good? Must have full bladder! I let out a little laugh and told Kyia that I was very full. ME TOO! Kyia giggled as she said this to me. I waited for you to get up. I haven't gone yet. I been holding it for you!

I smiled and asked what she was going to do with her pee? Just go? Give me a drink? Or give me a shower. That made Kyia giggle harder. Then she said to me; How all three sound? I now smiled with a big smile and said back to Kyia; I'll take all three! Kyia said Ok I can do! So now I started to push as I pissed which my stream arced higher and my piss moved further out on the grass. Kyia seeing this giggled. Now you in big hurry! I laughed. I was!

Even with my pushing it took me a bit to piss. Then my stream eased up and I came to a stop. Kyia let go of my hard cock and it went right up with its head slapping mylower belly. Kyia then stepped back a couple of steps spreaded her feet apart, thrusted her hips forward, and bent her knees. Just like I had done Kyia started pissing hard immeadiatly!

From out of her vagina she sent a very golden yellow piss stream which nade a short arc and came down wetting the grass about two feet from the edge of the deck. There was soft hissing with her pissing too. Kyia did her standing piss only for several seconds and then she cuther stream off. When she did cut off her stream it did wet her vagina and crotch.

Then she turned and said to me; Now number two! You get a sip! Then I piss all over your hard member which she grabbed my erect cok and shook it as she said this to me. She let go of my erect cock and I sqauted right down to get my sip of her piss! I got y mouth down under Kyias vagina and waited for her to start pissing. I had a short wait.

Kyia sent out a good spurt of piss right into my mouth. It made a good mouthfull which was a full one. Her piss was warm, again first bitter tasting,more then last nights drink, and then I tated thesaltyness which also was much more then last night. I then swallowed. I opened my mouth again. Kyia giggled and told me only one more sip. She let out another spurt which was just as hard as the first. I got another good mouthfull and I swallowed it down.

I stood up and we went over to the picnic table. Kyia had me sit down on the bench. She then starddked over me getting her vagina over my erect cok with her bare breasts in my face at first but she arched her back and her breasts were out of my face so I could watch her give me my shower. I reached down and pulled my hard cock outward so it was nolonger pressed up against me. That's when Kyia started to piss again.

Her piss stream shot straight down hit right off the top of my cock. Boy did her piss feel so hot on my cock head! It felt warm when it splattered on my belly,thighs, and stayed feeling warm as her piss wtted my pubic hair and my balls. Boy did I ever want this! So I took my hands placed them on Kyias hips and pulled her down hard!

With me doing this I pulled Kyia down far enough so that my cock went sliding into her vagina! My insrted cock in her pussy didn't stop her piss flow but it didmake her dribble all down my cock,wetting my balls, and wet the bech and deck. Now ith me inserting my hard cock inside of her vagina Kyia shoved her breasts right into my face and she let out a low moan! Then she said DO IT!

So we went right into screwing right then and there. Kyia did keep pissing for a little bit. But I never felt when she stopped pissing. She most likely didn't either. We went on at it very hard. Boy did my ass get a good hard punding on that hard wooden bench of the picnic table! I could only managed at times suck on her breasts for with such hard punding by both of us it was hard to keep her breast or nipple in my mouth!

Well being such eager beavers our love making session was short. I this time shot my big load of cum before Kyia climaxed. By did she evr scream as my loads shot into her. I did several shots too. Kyia was close to reaching her orgasem for she grabbed my hand and with hers on it too placed it so my fingers were on her hot swollen clit and she rapidly moved my hand which my fingers rubbed her clit hard and fast! So it only took a minute or two and she let go with a hard climax which she drowned my cock with her cum. Then she pissed some on it too!

We both were spent. So we both just leaned on each other for some time. Long enough so that my hard cock had gone limp but still was inside Kyias vagina. Then Kyia was the first of us to move. She gave me a quick kiss and then stood up and stepped back. I then got up. Our breakfast was now cold. So I said to Kyia will have to nuke it. So we heated everything up in the microwave and had bra warm breakfast outside there at the pinic table on the deck. To be continuied.

