She wore wet velllllvet (true story)

7th March 2009, 05:16 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

Tonight I logged in PS, and also another even naughtier site, and was flippin back and forth. I was drinking beers, and denying need for toilet.

I decided to try on my new black velvet suit and also new leather shoes. After I put the outfit on (inside out, because i want6ed to feel it on my skin) As I was standing and walking it was harder to stand the urge and need to pee.

I downloaded many films and pix, and also ran through part of the "best of" playlist from over the years, and this promted me to bring out a jelly vibrating dildo and I put it into my panties and positioned it on my clit. My vibe has a cord and control which is separate, and I set it in my pocket. When my clitt is stimulated, the hard to resist pee urge is not as bad.

I went and got another bottle and came back to my console and watched another 1/2 hour of viddies while one hand was fixed on the dildo and I pushed it on me. I drank more and every once in a while, i'd turn the vibe on and get a rush and little thrill from it, but I wouldnt leave it on longer than a few seconds as to tease me and to hold off longer.

I watched a few of my very very fav vids, and got up to get another bottle, but when I got to the fridge I knew I couldnt wait hardly any more time. I got my drink and went outside.

It is starting to warm up now and no jacket was needed. I went out to the patio and turned on the vibrator. I heard it humming softly as I stood there. I took a few steps and squeezed my legs together then looked up and saw a girl walking down my alley. I dont think she saw me. She didnt turn her head or anything at least.

As she passed I began wetting. I felt it trickle and warm the insides of my thighs. I squeezed tighter and felt the trickle rush behind and tickle in my crack. I looked down and saw my new shoes glisten and a dark puddle on the cement. I just watched her and continued peeing. She got to the end of the street, turned and was gone, and so I just walked along the sidewalk. When I got to the end I looked back and saw my long pee-line.

I was so absolutely soaking! I went back inside and laid down on the kitchen floor and inserted the vibe inside me, and rubbed myself with one hand and held onto the kitchen table with the other. I lifted my legs in the air and wet some more and had a major gushing orgasm.

So I have some laundry to do, and i should go find a mop too, but it was worth it.

