True m/f, desperation, wetting, pee play: Public Pissing Orgasm at the Airport

24th November 2013, 09:03 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

This is my 300th posting, and it'll be my last one for the time being because I need to bid farewell to the online world for a while. So it's a significant post for me in a couple of ways. And given its significance, it only seemed appropriate to write it in honor of my two closest friends on here...

###

Since my husband's flight was arriving so late, Kerry and I drove to the airport together. It was fairly cold - in the mid-40s - so she was dressed appropriately in jeans, a sweater, and a jacket. As for me, I had chosen a more provocative outfit: I was wearing a very cute mustard yellow trench coat, black knee-high winter boots, and black thigh-high stockings. Around my neck, I was also wearing a black scarf to cover the open area of the V-neck in my trench coat - helping to hide the fact that underneath, I was wearing nothing at all. Fortunately, it was a winter-weight trench coat!

We had the option of two short-term parking lots: outside, or on the first floor of the parking garage. In the garage, we found a nice spot off in the corner, against the wall adjacent to the main road into the airport. We'd have to go up one floor to access the walkway to get to the terminal, and the spot we'd chosen was in the corner furthest away from the elevator. But we had a plan.

I had been forcing fluids before we left - and carried a water bottle in with me. Our spot was secluded enough that I could have easily peed between the cars before we went in, but our evening's events necessitated that I hold it a little while longer. The cold air going up inside my trench coat didn't help my desperate situation, so we rushed inside.

Gone are the days when you can meet someone at their gate, but we saw my husband approaching from a distance as he walked toward the baggage claim. I had missed him so much, and reading some stories on here just made me want him even more. When our eyes met, I melt my nether regions begin to moisten. After giving him a big kiss, Kerry kissed him as well. That confused a few people, but most were business travelers. And late on a Friday night, after countless hours of work and travel, they just kept on walking.

I didn't say anything about my state of undress. I actually looked professional enough to be one of the people coming off the plane. But as we waited for his suitcase, the three of us leaned back against the wall. He was leaning back against me, with my arms draped around him while he watched for the bag. And without saying a word, I pulled his hand back inside my jacket - first brushing his fingers up my thighs, until I placed his hand directly onto my pussy.

That stopped him in tracks - a snapshot frozen in time - until one of his fingers slipped easily into my wetness, and he just held it there for a few moments. He had to adjust himself, as his cock was now firming up in his pants. Just then, the lights started flashing and the parade of bags started to work their way down onto the carousel. With all eyes fixed on the suitcases, he turned toward me and gave me a long passionate kiss as two of his fingers found their way deep inside me. My bladder was about to burst, but I didn't want to tell him; I wanted that to be a surprise for later. I turned the attention to him as I reached down between us, and lightly stroked his erection through the front of his pants.

And then I simply said, «We're going to use this out in the parking garage.» He gave me a look that said, «Really?!?!» But a second later, he laughed because he knew me well enough to know that I wasn't joking.

As we walked out toward the car, all three of us were giddy: Kerry and I, because we knew what we had planned; my husband, because he had no idea! When we got outside, it was still about the same temperature, but was now much windier. We had heard we were supposed to get some thunderstorms, and figured they were now only minutes away. Once again, the cold air against my nakedness inside my trench coat wasn't helping my full bladder at all. Not one bit.

Out in the parking lot, we walked back to the corner of the garage where we had parked - with a big van right next to us. On the other side of the cars, the garage was open above chest level to the outside but the concrete barrier was enough to at least slow the wind down. We always have a couple of blankets in the car, and that night we also happened to have some of those folding camp chairs. We took the biggest of those chairs and set it up along the back, by the concrete barrier. And then we put one of those blankets on top of that. Kerry is not a smoker, but had brought a pack of cigarettes along as a distraction. And while she stood toward the back of the car to block the view, I began to make out with my husband. I wanted him so bad.

As I grabbed his hard cock through his pants, I said «Let's free this thing.» He hesitated for a moment, given our public location, but I pulled his pants and boxers down to his ankles - never letting go of his cock. Pushing him down into the chair, I now opened my trench coat to expose my utterly naked flesh - wearing only my thigh-high stockings and boots.

With him sitting back in the chair - enjoying this show - his hard cock was fully standing up at attention. It's true that absence makes the heart grow fonder, and I wanted him to know how much he had been missed. So leaning over, I slowly guided the head of his manhood into my mouth - delicately nibbling on his pink flesh. He moaned with delight as I took him deep inside my mouth, and then slowly slid up and down. At the same time, he also had one hand reached out to finger me - as he madly rubbed up against my clit. I could tell it wouldn't take either of us long to climax.

But a simple blow job wasn't what we had planned for tonight. We've been there and done that before. And as exciting as that was, he was about to enjoy so much more. I walked over toward him, and slowly eased myself down onto his lap - his hard flesh easily sliding into my wetness. There was something so sexy about him still wearing a button-down business shirt, pants, and dress shoes against the stark contrast of doing this in a dirty concrete parking garage. And just a few feet behind us, Kerry was still puffing away on a cigarette - broken only by the smile across her face, as she'd glance back at us enjoying each other.

We heard the people walking to their cars on the other side of the garage, and the «beep beep» as they unlocked their vehicles. But we didn't even slow down. Kerry was pacing back and forth now to be sure she'd block their view. If anyone glanced over, she wasn't afraid to stare them down to get them to look away.

My husband now had both hands holding onto my waist, pulling me down onto him faster - as I rode with him with increasing intensity. My mind would dance between thoughts of how incredibly amazing this felt combined with the realization: «Oh crap, we're really going to do this!» I could feel my orgasm getting closer, and I was having a REALLY hard time holding back on my bladder, but I wanted to be sure that he was able to shoot his load. And he just kept on driving himself into me - which seemed to last longer than usual - just continuing to hammer his flesh inside my warmth. I could feel the head of his cock banging against my cervix at the top of my vagina, sending signals to my bladder that my body wouldn't be able to ignore much longer.

I knew he was almost there, and I tried to hold back, but the increasing intensity of his thrusts pushed me over the edge. As the first wave of my orgasm surged through my body, I couldn't hold it any longer and let go of my bladder - squirting my pee down along his shaft and into his lap. As I heard my piss begin to splash down onto the concrete, his body tensed up and I felt his release inside me - and then slowly drip back down along with the contents from my bladder.

We had both fallen into each other arms as we climaxed, but now opened our eyes as we smiled at each other and enjoyed each other's mouths. With a bit of a sinister grin, I squeezed and released the last few spurts from my bladder onto his lap before standing up.

What a mess we had made of ourselves! I stood there with my trench coat open, pee and cum dripping down my legs, as he looked down at his sopping wet pants and shoes. He had a look of helplessness in his eyes, wondering what in the world he'd wear home. But Kerry reached into the car, and out from under another blanket she pulled out a dry pair of jeans and a long-sleeve t-shirt piled on top of a dry pair of shoes. As she handed the stack to my husband, he looked at both of us and with a sigh of relief said, «You girls really DO love me.»

Kerry's response was priceless, «Yeahyou think?!?!»

And my clothing? Well, the inside of my trench coat was now soaked in pee also - along with the bottom edges that had rubbed against the puddle in the parking. We hadn't really thought that far ahead. But we needed that spare blanket to wrap up my husband's soaking wet clothing, the camp chair, and the blanket that he'd been sitting against. So I had no choice but to wear my wet trench coat home - sitting in my own wetness, until the car warmed up. And then, I took it off - along with my soaking wet stockings and boots - and rode the rest of the way home nude. The only thing that had stayed dry was that black scarf. It's a good thing it was dark out, or passing motorists may have driven off the road.

That night, after all sharing a nice long shower to clean up, the three of us fell asleep in each other's arms. And we haven't left the house since

Many kisses,

