Cindy's Best Day Ever (f solo, f wetting)

27th August 2010, 02:50 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Here is my latest story. This story is unique in a couple of ways. One, it is the first fictional story I have ever written on this site that does not contain even a single golden shower. It is, as you can see from the title, a solo female story. Those of you who like solo pissing and wetting will hopefully like this story. Second, up until now I have mostly written series of stories. The problem is that entries in each series are often months apart. Starting with this story I am not going to write any more series, at least for a while. Everything will be one shot.

###

Cindy Collins woke up on Friday morning the same way she did every morning - desperate to pee. This was due to the fact that Cindy was a sound sleeper, and never woke up in the middle of the night to relieve herself. This morning, however, was different. Instead of getting up and going to the bathroom, Cindy relieved her bladder right there in her bed.

Cindy moaned as the hot piss escaped from her pussy and started wetting her panties, the shorts she was sleeping in, and her sheets. She slipped her fingers inside of her shorts and let them work their magic against her pussy. The feel of the warm urine hitting and flowing off her fingers felt so good, as did lying in the warm puddle that was forming beneath her. She continued to play with her clit and fuck her soaking wet pussy with her fingers even after her morning pee finished, until at last she came, her juices from her orgasm mingling with golden piss on her bed.

This was the perfect way for Cindy to start her day, and one she had been anticipating for months. Today was a holiday in her mind, Wetting Day, the day that she could piss wherever and whenever she wanted.

The impetus for this day? Cindy was remodeling her house. Tomorrow a group of workers would come and remove all of her furniture, and tear out her carpets. She was also remodeling the kitchen and bathrooms. She could hardly wait.

She had bought this house five years ago, when she was 24 years old, two years removed from college. She had worked hard, scrimped, and saved during those two years so that she could make a down payment on a house. This house. She had loved the house from the first time she set eyes on it. At least she had loved the curb appeal and the floor plan. The carpet was old and ugly. And what were they thinking in the 70s, when the house had been built - green fucking countertops? And don't get her started on the wallpaper.

With the help of her dad and brothers she had done a little bit of improvement when she moved in. They had removed the wallpaper and painted the walls. They had stained the cabinets in the kitchen and bathroom, and, while an improvement, the old cabinets still had to go. They had also done some necessary repairs to the house, and put a fresh coat of paint on the exterior.

Still, Cindy did not have enough money at the time to do more than that, so she had to live with everything else. To make matters worse, she didn't have enough money to afford new furniture. Her bed and couch had belonged to her parents, who had given them to her when they bought new ones. She had an easy chair that she had bought at a yard sale. She found her dinette at a thrift store. Bedrooms two, three, and four were still unfurnished.

She could have upgraded and improved a little at a time, but she wanted the feeling that she was living in a brand new place. So she scrimped and saved for the past five years, and then had recently hired an interior decorator to redesign her house. Everything inside was going to be new. The old furniture was all going to be thrown away.

This gave Cindy the ability to piss whenever and wherever she wanted to today. No more saving her pissing games for the bathtub or shower, where she would wet her jeans, or her shorts, or just her panties. Sometimes she would lay down some plastic and a towel and piss herself in front of a full length mirror she had in the hallway. She loved looking at herself piss, and she was undoubtedly quite a site. She stood 5'6", was extremely fit, had medium length black hair, and beautiful face with an amazing, bright smile, a firm set of medium sized tits, and a very tight ass.

Standing in front of that mirror, she would watch as the crotch of her pants got wet, and then streaks of piss would form on her legs, a finally the piss would soak into the towel on her feet. She would masturbate herself while watching that, then throw the towel, her jeans, and her panties in the wash, and throw away the plastic.

No need, however, for towels or plastic today. After climbing out of bed and taking a shower, she poured the first of many glasses of water that she would drink today.

It was a couple of hours later when she first felt the need to pee again. She was sitting there on her parents' old couch watching TV, drinking a large glass of water, and eating a bowl of grapes. She wasn't desperate, and would normally wait a little while before heading to the bathroom, but she definitely could pee. And she did. She released her bladder, and felt the warm, wet sensation of her piss soak her panties, pants, and the couch cushions. All this while sitting on the couch, casually eating grapes, and not missing a second of her favorite TV show. God she loved this day!

It was another hour or so before she needed to piss again. She felt the need as she was about to check the washer to see if some laundry was done. The laundry room was on the other side of the house. She couldn't decide if she wanted to piss right where she was, or in the laundry room, or somewhere in between. She then decided on the only sensible solution - she started to piss as she was walking to the laundry room!

This was very different. Having piss running down her legs, and wetting her carpet against her bare feet, as she walked was a very new sensation, one she immensely enjoyed. She adjusted her pace so that she could hit every bit of the hallway between her current location and the laundry room, giving the carpet along her route as even a soaking as she could. It felt so liberating.

Later on she was passing by one of the bathrooms when the urge hit again. She wasn't going to use the toilet, or even the bathtub. Way too mundane. Instead she looked at the bathroom cabinet that was going to be replaced, and decided to piss in it. She opened the door, looked inside, and decided there was nothing that either couldn't be washed easily or that she cared about. Leaving the door open, she pulled down her twice pissed pants, squatted, spread her pussy lips, and pissed an arc of pee straight into the cabinet. She soaked everything in there: rolls of toilet paper, spare tubes of toothpaste, cleaning supplies, everything. As her stream waned it dripped down and wet her pants and panties a little bit more. Satisfied with the job she had done, she closed the closet door, pulled up her wet pants, and went on with her day.

By the end of the day Cindy had pissed in a number of places all over her house. She had wet herself and masturbated in front of that mirror again, this time leaving a huge wet spot on the carpet. She had climbed up and pissed all over those «green fucking countertops» as she liked to call them. She had pissed all over her dinette table and chairs, and had finished the night by sitting in and pissing on that easy chair. She lay in bed, thrilled with what she had done that day, and sad that she might never be able to do it again. She decided that this was one of her best days ever.

