A shocking pee (or pee when shocked)

16th January 2007, 01:58 AM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

As you may know my occupation as a pool service expert gives me the perfect opportunity to stay wet often. This one today was quite by surprise however and may lead to who knows what later tonight.

Being a semi-holiday today in celebration of MLK' b'day, I was not planning to handle my daily customers but I would be on call. This time of the year is slow even on Florida where I spend my winters. Today however, I got a panic call from one of my better customers who has a pool as well as a large hot tub. She is in her mid 30's, lots of $ living in the central east coast of Florida. She explained that tonight she and her husband were having a party and the lights around the hot tub were out. I had been there last week for serivcing the hot tub and pool but never checked the lights. Anyway she said all the deck lights were out and her husband last night had tried to reset the circuit breaker but it tripped again.

Being early this AM, it was about 10 or so, I had thrown on a pair of old jeans, my really tight ultra low rise ones that have seen better days. Lots of chemical stains and holes (a few in some interesting spots). I did not feel like changing and figured this would take jsut a few minutes anyway. I had already had a couple of large coffees and took a large water bottely with me in the van. Not stopping to pee as I figured I would be back home within the hour. I chugged down the water bottle on the drive.

I arrived at my customers house where she greeted me. She is quite a hot looker and had on a halter top and pair of stretch almost seethru pants. My guess is nothing on under them either. She showed me to the backyeard hottub and left to go back inside.

I confirmed the GFI breaker was tripping as soon as the lights were turned on so I turned it off to be safe and started to take the first light fixture apart as that ones had a junction box as well. Unhooking the fixture I grabbed the bare white wire which should have been dead and got a huge shock. Damnit I shouted and as well, realized I had begun to pee my tight jeans. Quite a large wet spot had formed on the front with glitening wet denim leaving little to the imagination. With my shout my customer comes running from the house to see if I was ok.

I reassured her all was ok, but I noticed her eyes were staring at my wet jeans. She commented that it must have given me a jolt. No problem I said and I went back to finding the problem, which was a short from another circuit in that box. This I quickly fixed and reassembled the fixture. Checking out that all was back to order took another 45 minutes which was causing my bladder to burst. I took advantage of my already wet jeans and peed them a bit more. What the heck, she already saw that I had wet myself.

I walked up and knocked on the patio door and she opened it inviting me in. Would I like anything to drink she offered. No, I said as I needed to get back home. I could see her eyes kept looking at my pee wet jeans. When she went to the other room to get the check for today's work, I let go and peed the jeans even more, making them obviously wetter. She returned and handed the check to me, definitly noticing the extra wetness of my jeans and my excitment.

To my surprise, she said that she and her husband were havig a pool and hot tub party tonight and would I be able to make it. She said most of the guests were her husband's friends and she would find them stuffy. She was hoping I was free. Kidding I said can I come as I am? Sure she said, wet jeans and all, you look like a lot of fun.

I left her place and on the way home peed my jeans totally. Got home and now I am getting ready to have a good evening at the pool party. I have on my pair of black stretch very tight and very low rise jeans from Japan. These are really super low rise and tight. And of course being black can be wet without most people ever noticing unless I want them to.

I'll let you know how tonight's party goes as I am ready to leave right now. Yep bladder is full.

Cheers.

