An exciting day at work

29th April 2008, 11:31 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

Hi, my hubby gave you a story, so now it is my turn.

Here's a true account of a day I had at work a couple of years ago when I used to work for a large technology company in my country. At the time I was an administrator and part of my job was to take notes on very long and boring conference calls.

I remember the day was pretty hot, and so I was wearing a short sleeved top and a fairly short skirt. The desks we had at the office then had this kind of curve in the front that meant you could get really close in, which was ideal for secretly relieving any tension, if you know what I mean! Quite often in an afternoon I would push myself right into the desk and let one of my hands wander down under the desk and give myself a little stroke!

So anyway, this one afternoon I was listening in on this conference call and it had been going on for about an hour and I was getting seriously bored. To add to my trauma, I had drunk a couple of bottles of water at lunch time as I sat in the sun and now it was starting to make itself felt! To try and ease my boredom and to take my mind off my swollen bladder I did my usual trick of getting close into the desk and slipping a hand up my skirt. None of the other people in the office would have any idea what I was doing as the desks were surrounded on three sides by partitions.

So there I was on the call, no longer really listening to what was going on, with one hand up my skirt stroking myself through my black silky panties. I remember thinking that I must have been turning myself on subconciously much earlier, as my panties were already really wet when I first touched them. I began to completely lose myself in what I was doing whilst trying desperately not to wet myself, to the point where I could feel my breathing deepen so I had to put the phone on mute!

After a couple of minutes I was really struggling to keep control of what was going on, I was circling my clit with my index finger through my panties, I no longer had any idea what was happening on the call and frankly I no longer cared!

I could feel the orgasm start to build within me and was starting to quiver with anticipation. A few more circles of my clit and I was shaking in my chair as I climaxed, it felt so awesome cumming right there in the office with none of my colleagues having any idea what I was up to! When I finished shuddering, I went to remove my hand from under my skirt as my breathing returned to normal when I completely began to wet my pants! The orgasm had completely made me lose my bladder control! I dropped my phone headset and ran full speed to the toilet with pee dripping down my legs, trying to stem the flow! Once in the cubicle relieved myself completely, and assessed the damage.

Luckily as my skirt was black, nothing was really visible and being a hot day everything would dry out soon enough.

As I sat back at my desk I could feel my wet panties reminding me of what a naughty girl I had been.

Sorry this story was a bit long, but I thought it was worth the effort to share this experience with you all!

