More with Sarah

24th January 2007, 05:25 PM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

See previous posts for the background....I must be getting lazy! The usual disclaimer applies about the accuracy of the wording - this was back in 1981.

After the first weekend Sarah had stayed at my place, the weekend visits began to alternate between her place and mine. Back at hers, the opportunities weren't really there to experiment further - she always seemed a bit keyed up when her housemate Maggie was "in residence", which was almost always the case.

Maggie had a boyfriend - Graham, I think - and they were (well, she was) very noisy when making love. The first time I became aware of this was one Sunday morning when we had all been to the pub the previous evening - I was woken about 8.00 and before I realised she was simply building up to an orgasm, for a moment thought something was seriously wrong with her, as she was moaning and then almost screaming...being relatively inexperienced, I had never heard a "screamer" in action before. I think this and similar performances inhibited Sarah somewhat....

I recall Maggie being very interested in the idea that if one puts the hand of a sleeping person in water, they involuntarily urinate...unfortunately I never found an opportunity to exploit that particular interest!

The next time Sarah came over to see me at my place, we again went to the village pub on the Friday evening so we could walk home. Sarah was drinking lager - this was promising. On the walk home, we were decidedly tipsy.

Sarah: "I shouldn't have had all that Stella, I really need to go to the loo now".

Me: "Why didn't you go at the pub, then?"

Sarah: "Same as last time, the 'Ladies' is just disgusting. There's no seats and the floor was running with...er, pee, I suppose".

Me: "OK...well not far to go....I know it's a bit unusual but knowing that you need to go to the loo makes me really randy".

Sarah: (but smiling) "Oh God, you're so naughty, I really must go as soon as we get in, though".

Me: (working on the premise that one might as well get hung for a sheep as a lamb) "Can I watch?"

Sarah: "Yes, as long as you don't touch, though - if you do I won't be able to go and I'll probably burst....in fact I'm nearly doing it now....".

As soon as we got through the front door of the flat we were in each others arms - my hands were inside her clothes and our tongues were entwined....

Sarah: "This is so sexy....but I'm bursting, let me go to the loo, then you can have your wicked way with me".

She broke away and I steered her into the bathroom: as she turned to me I realised that she was blushing and had suddenly become embarrassed: I also guessed she had probably left things a bit late and now she was past the point of no return.

Without saying anything I knelt down in front of her and unzipped her jeans, rolling them over her voluptuous curves; as the jeans peeled away I could see a darker, damp patch at the gusset of her knickers, which were high-sided, full-cut peach-coloured cotton. Without any further ado I simply pulled them down to her ankles: she sat down immediately.

Sarah (quietly): "Sorry....it just came out, I'm so embarrassed. And now I can't go and I really need to".

Me (kneeling in front of and cuddling her): "Don't be...I know you might not think so but it's actually rather exciting for me..."

I reached out and my fingers slipped between her labia - she was lubricating freely. My middle finger pushed into her vagina a little - she was very, very tight and she gasped and pushed my hand away.

After a momentary pause, a trickle of almost clear urine tinkled into the water - this rapidly became a heavy, hissing stream. I could see that her inner labia were breaking up the stream so that it splashed noisily into the water. Cuddling her close again, my fingers moved underneath her so her hot cascade went all over them...and then upwards, until I was playing with her stream and I could even feel the pressure as it spurted from the source. After a few seconds her flow ceased and she scolded me for being naughty and causing her to stop!

I got up and separated her damp knickers from her jeans and then began to run the bath: the sound of running water helped her and after she had finished her pee - without my "assistance" - we stepped into the bath together for the first time and spent some time exploring each other with soapy, slippery fingers. After a while I needed to pee (having been to the Gents in the pub) and hoped she did too: I wasn't disappointed. As I lay in the bath at one end she knelt up at the other:

Sarah: "ooh, I need the loo again....just a minute" and she made as if to get out...

Me: "so do I...but I'm not getting out of the bath, it's too cold".

Sarah: "I said you were naughty before. I was right...." She was hesitant and I could tell she was battling her inhibitions: fortunately for me, curiosity won and she paused, watching me.

Having most of an erection, letting go wasn't easy but I eventually managed to do so and soon my own wee was trickling over my lower abdomen into the water. The atmosphere was almost electric with tension between us. To my surprise, she put out a soapy hand and encircled my penis - of course my flow stopped immediately.

Sarah: "Ha, I know how to get my own back now...." and she gently rubbed me until I was very hard again. I pushed and managed a couple of little spurts but each time I did so she rubbed again, sufficient to stop the flow.

Me: (corny as ever) "Well I've shown you mine....now you show me yours!" and to my delight, she did. She stood up and then sat down on the back edge of the bath (the toilet was just behind) and parted her legs. I knelt to get a good look and after a second or two there was a quiet hiss and a rivulet of pee ran down from between her inner labia and dripped onto the sloping end of the bath. Suddenly I saw her labia roll apart slightly and a gush of urine cascaded noisily into the bath - not quite downwards, but slightly forwards. A lewd and uninhibited display if ever there was one!

As she finished I managed to let go too and she watched me finish too; then we hosed each other down with the shower head attachment and finally got out of the bath to get dry.

We headed off for bed after that - it was quite late - to make love, which we did, conventionally...making her come first with my fingers and tongue and then me coming inside her shortly afterwards. Oh, what happy memories...

The next instalment will relate to the following morning....unfortunately there won't be any others to follow in respect of Sarah, so after that it's on to the wet experiences I had with the lady that became my wife (and subsequently, ex-wife). There was a two-year gap in between, but I don't intend to make you all wait that long....

