Peeeeeeeein' in the rain...

14th November 2012, 10:51 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Bit of a musical joke there. Let me tell you what happened just yesterday...

I won't make any bones about it; I hate the cold. I become so miserable in low temperatures; if I could continue to live where I live and skip Winter, I'd be a happy lil' tadpole. But no, I must bundle up and endure it year after year. Now I know it's not exactly Winter yet in my area, but it certainly doesn't feel that way. We've had some record-low temperatures this Autumn, and it sucks.

Except yesterday. For some reason, we had a warm front blow in and it heated things up quite nicely! However, as some weather-afficinados are probably thinking right now, it also brought rain. As I looked out my bedroom window, watching the torrential down-pour, I smiled and thought to myself, "Eeeexcellent..."

I always look forward to warm rainy days. It gives me a chance to be naughty in full-view of the public eye! I slipped on a pair of jeans and a loose long-sleeve top. No bra. I grabbed a water bottle and got in my car, heading to our local Town Center. It's a pretty cool spot, with high-rise office buildings enclosing a single street with ground-level shops, a movie theater, and even an ice-skating rink. When I arrived, I could see there were already a lot of people scrambling from point A to point B, trying to avoid becoming soaked from the rain. I downed the water bottle and got out of my car, heading right into the down-pour.

The rain quickly saturated my entire body. With no bra, my top clung to my boobs very snugly. (34Ds, BTW. ) With all the water, you can probably imagine how easy it was to get to peeing. As I moseyed from one end of the Town Center to the other, I took a deep breath and relaxed my bladder, releasing my pee into my jeans. It was utterly fantastic! The relief combined with the warmth made me shiver with arousal. And the fact I was doing it in front of so many people only turned me on even more.

People were running past me trying to get to dryness, while I happily wet myself further and further. I finally got to the opposite end of the Town Center, where there happened to be an Apple Store. I popped in there, casually looking around, when a salesman rushed up, looking a little concered. "Are you alright, miss?"

I was completely soaked from head to toe. In fact, I was dripping a little on the carpet of the store. The guy was trying reeeeeally hard to not look at my boobs, which were clearly outlined in my wet top. It was then that I felt a small ache in my bladder. I wasn't done peeing yet! Very subtley, I gave a good push and released the rest of my pee into my jeans, while standing amongst a whole crowd of people, even with someone watching me. And no one could tell! It was so awesome.

"Well, I could use a towel." In a flash, he ran in the back and grabbed me one, which I used to dry off a bit. The rain started to calm down outside.

"If you don't mind, why wouldn't you at least run to avoid getting this way?" he asked.

I shrugged. "I dunno. Rain isn't too bad... when it's warm."

