Cumming out of control

6th May 2009, 12:04 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

One time I went to a festival with a few friends. We were all camping and it was early fall and a bit chilly, so a guy I happen to be attracted to and I decided to share a cot to keep us off the cold ground. We didn't have a lot of space and so we spooned together. His arm rested on my breasts as he fell asleep and I was majorly turned on.

I laid there trying to calm down enough to go to sleep, but I needed to get off. His hand was resting on my chest and I could feel his fingers graze my hard nipples sticking through my shirt. I could tell he was asleep and I quietly slipped a hand down my pants to caress my pussy. I was so wet and just aching to be touched. Slowly I began fingering my clit. Back and forth my fingers slid and I struggled to keep still and keep my breathing normal.

I was so nervous. I had to cum but what if he woke up? What if our friends on the other side of the tent heard me? What if they woke up? I knew it was naughty and risky and dangerous, but I just couldn't stop. It felt so good. I slipped a finger inside myself and it took all my restraint not to moan. He was breathing down my neck as we laid there together and I was afraid I was going to get caught, but the needs of my body took over my common sense.

My fingers worked faster and faster and I forced myself to be quiet and fairly still. Knowing I could get caught turned me on and made it all more enjoyable. Soon I felt the orgasm building. It was agonizingly slow to peak because I could hardly move for fear of waking him up. As I began to cum, wetness flooded my fingers and I realized that I had started to pee.Then my legs began to shake. My hips bucked all on their own and I kneew it was to late to stop it. I thought for sure I was going to be caught then. I came so hard I bit down on my blanket in order not to scream. I had a mind-blowing intense orgasm there, in his arms, and he never woke. But I was embaressing to confess my accident to him.

Anyways, it was such a thrill and I still get off thinking about it.

