Extreme Double Desperation (m + f desp fantasy)

27th August 2013, 05:51 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Mike and I sat in a corner of our favorite dive bar with an empty pitcher of beer. I could tell by his distracted silence that he was feeling its effects on his bladder already, but he knew the bathroom was not an option-- it was my birthday, and we had a special night planned. We'd eaten dinner at a nice restaurant and split a bottle of wine, then hopped the bus to the bar to do some serious drinking. Neither of us had used the bathroom since the early afternoon, and my own bladder was uncomfortably full, a hard stone in my stomach that made its presence constantly known. I slid closer to Mike until our thighs were touching.

«How you feeling, baby?» I asked, rubbing his leg. He jerked back at my touch. «What's wrong?»

Mike looked around nervously before admitting, «I really have to piss.»

«Ooh, already? You're in for a long night.»

«I know.» He shifted uncomfortably and looked at his half-full beer glass. «I don't think I can drink any more.»

«Oh, but you have to,» I said, downing the last of my beer. «Those are the rules.»

Mike looked glumly at his glass and took a half-hearted sip. I laughed and stoked his leg again. He squirmed a little as I touched him, but I could see a growing bulge in the crotch of his jeans. Knowing that we were both in such a public place, surrounded by people while testing the limits of our bladders, turned me on greatly and my panties were soaking-- but not with pee. Wordlessly, I took Mike's hand and touched it to the crotch of my panties so he could feel how wet they were. He leaned in close and breathed hard in my ear.

«Let's go home, baby,» he whispered.

«Not yet. You have to finish that beer.»

Even as I said it, my bladder sent out a warning twinge-- how long would it take him to drink it? How long could I really wait? We had a half-hour walk home, and stooping to piss in an alley wasn't really what I had in mind for the night. I wasn't about to let Mike waste his desperate stream, either. I tapped a fingernail against his glass and raised my eyebrows. «Come on,» I said. «Drink up.»

Mike shifted his weight and took a long sip, then set the glass down quickly with a look of concentration on his face. He was silent for a few long seconds before saying, «Liz, we gotta go. I really, really have to piss.»

«Finish it first.»

«Ugh.» Mike picked up the beer and downed it as fast as he was able, then sprung up from the table with one hand shoved suspiciously into his jeans pocket. «Okay, Liz. We gotta go.»

«All right, baby,» I said, and hooked my arm through his.

Only a few minutes into the walk, I realized how urgent my own situation was. Mike might have been walking a little funny and barely talking, but I was in a bad way myself. My bladder was sending out constant signals, desperate twinges that ran through my body and made my clit throb with arousal-- but as horny as it made me, I really didn't want to wet myself walking down the street. I had other plans. I hurried my walk and Mike hurried after, seemingly glad to be moving faster.

«Oh my god, I have to piss,» hissed Mike as we stopped to wait for a crosswalk light to change. «Liz, I gotta let some out.»

«Oh, no. I don't think so. You can't just let a little out.»

«I swear I'm gonna burst.»

«Quit whining. You can hold it.»

Mike flushed and looked away-- I knew I'd hit a soft spot. He never complained unless it was urgent, and I enjoyed teasing him a little when his physical need overtook his desire to be strong, but I also knew those words would force him to hold every last drop until we arrived at our apartment. He gave himself a nervous squeeze as the light finally turned green. He took off immediately, walking so fast he was nearly jogging, and I had to run a few steps to keep up. The force of it jarred my bladder and a few drops leaked into my panties, slipping out past my tight clenched muscles. I just hoped I could hold it, too!

Finally, a few hurried blocks later, we were at the front door of our building, Mike clutching himself and bending forward as I searched in my purse for my keys.

«Oh my god,» he muttered, face flushed, staring at his feet. «Please, please hurry.»

I finally found the keys and opened the door, and Mike sprinted up the first flight of stairs before stopping suddenly on the landing and bending at the waist, crossing his legs tightly. I caught up with him and tried to force him up straight.

«Liz, I'm going-- ahh--»

A sudden wet patch bloomed on the crotch of his jeans, shimmering for a moment then soaking into the fabric as he regained control. He moaned and squeezed his dick, a look of utter panic on his face. I took his hand and led him carefully up the rest of the stairs, feeling the liquid sloshing inside my own bladder, the desperate surge for relief as I neared the toilet that I did not plan to use. I got the apartment door open in record time.

Mike started to rush towards the bathroom but I caught the collar of his shirt and pulled him back, shaking my head. I grabbed his hand and put it down my panties, where he could feel my juices and the little bit of piss had had escaped me, mingling warm against my pussy. I let my muscles relax for just a second and warm jet of pee burst against his palm. His body jerked and he moaned breathlessly, leaning into me. I kissed him hard as I tore off his shirt and quickly went to work on his belt, my hand brushing against the wet spot that his erection was now pushing upward.

«Fuck,» he moaned. «God, I have to piss, but I want you so bad.»

I stepped back to pull down his jeans and he tugged my dress up over my head, so we both stood there in only our underwear, Mike's dick sticking straight out under his very damp boxers. I reached in and grabbed his hard, wet cock and led him with it into the bedroom, where I slid out of my underwear and laid spread-eagle on the bed. It was all I could do to hold it in-- laying with my legs spread was almost unbearable. I couldn't remember the last time my bladder had been so full. Hot surges of desperation were shivering through me, and by looking at Mike I knew he felt the same. He straddled me with his legs, his dick bobbing above me, leaking tiny drops of piss.

«Eat me out,» I commanded, giving Mike's dick one last tug. He looked at me in hesitation, no doubt thinking of the real possibility that my bladder would burst into his face, but then moved downwards. I laid back and felt his tongue against my clit, sudden and warm, and I felt a tiny dribble of piss leak through my tired muscles. Mike's tongue moved faster, and I could feel his hard breath against my sensitive skin. I looked down and could see his rock-hard penis dribbling, too, little spurts of piss pattering onto the bedsheets. He sucked on my clit and it sent a surge of pleasure through me and a sudden uncontrollable spurt of piss burst out of me, lasting almost a full second. Mike gasped, stopped and sat up, grabbing his dick in a vice grip. His eyes were shut, face screwed up in concentration.

«Fuck, fuck, fuck,» he moaned.

As much as I was enjoying this display, my own urge was becoming unbearable and I didn't know how much longer I could delay the flood. I reached up and pried his fingers away from his trembling dick, now only half-hard as his desperate need became his body's only thought. Little fluttering streams of piss dribbled out as I took hold of it and teasingly ran my finger up its length and in circles around his pisshole. Mike moaned again as a sudden burst drummed against my stomach, followed by another. I knew it was only a matter of seconds before he would lose the battle entirely-- and before I would, too. I pulled him against me and he rubbed his cock up and down the length of my pussy, wetting it further with his dribbles. He stared at me, flushed and desperate.

A little stream of his piss ran hot over my clit and the sudden sensation was too much-- I clenched my hot, trembling muscles as much as I could but it was still not enough-- I felt the dam break and the floods surged out of me, pouring hot over Mike's cock, hissing loudly and streaming out onto the bed. I held him tight against me as my bladder released itself. He panted in my ear, his cock growing rock-hard again as it was bathed in my steaming piss.

I could not stop pissing. I started to worry about the damage to the mattress but was absolutely unable to control myself, all that long-held, urgent piss bursting out of me in exquisite relief. Mike moaned hoarsely and his body twitched and I felt his cum shoot out against my stomach, so overcome with the sensation of my desperate piss against his dick that he could not help but come. Finally my stream began to slow. Mike was bent over me now with a look of simultaneous lust and panic, as his erection faded and there was now no barrier between him and his desperate need. I reached up and stroked his stomach, the bulge where his bladder pushed out. He groaned and a spurt of piss escaped him.

«Ooh, you're gonna lose it, aren't you,» I said. «Just like I did... you're gonna piss everywhere, you're going to burst...»

«Fuck,» hissed Mike again. A hard two-second burst of piss hit me directly in the clit, followed by another.

«Don't move,» I whispered to him, and ran a light finger up the inside of his thigh, agonizingly slowly. Mike gasped aloud, his whole body shaking before the piss finally burst out, a thick, hissing stream, incredibly powerful, hammering me directly in the clit. I spread my legs and grabbed his dick, directing his stream to pleasure myself. He pissed uncontrollably, moaning, his head thrown back in relief: all that beer, the incredible amount of liquid inside him, pouring out so hard and fast that it stretched his pisshole, steaming hot and desperate, the battle finally lost. His legs shook as he voided himself. Waves of pleasure surged through me as his hard stream drummed against my swollen clit.

I could not believe how much piss he had inside him, how badly he must have had to go before I finally pushed him over the edge and made him burst. Piss pooled around my ass, gathering so fast that the mattress could not absorb it. I felt myself climbing to orgasm, spurred on by Mike's labored breathing as he continued to wet uncontrollably all over the bed. I came, hard, my whole body shaking, Mike's piss splattering over me as he still, amazingly, voided himself, but even as I came I saw his dick growing hard again.

In a single movement I pulled him down to me and grabbed his still-pissing dick and shoved it in my pussy. He immediately began to thrust, piss spurting out around the sides of my vagina. Within minutes we had both come again, finally finished pissing, the huge contents of our bladders soaked into the bed around us. Mike collapsed beside me, trembling. For a moment both of us were unable to speak. When I finally regained my senses I kissed Mike on the forehead and stroked his sweat-damp hair.

