Bedtime Has Never Been So Much Fun!

13th February 2012, 11:54 PM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

(This is a true story about my own experience)

If anyone has read either of the stories that I have posted then they would know that on more then one occasion I have showered myself with my own golden rain in the bathtub. It is something I find extremely arousing, though alas it is not something that I can do all the time. You see I still live in the family house and leaving my bedroom to go to the bathroom and then climbing into the bathtub creates a lot of unwanted noise! Then add the sound of pee splashing to the overall scenario just creates a whole cacophony of noises bound to wake someone up! However, last night I found a way to not only shower myself but also to do it without waking anyone!

I was under the influence of my good friend alcohol at the time, so rights to generation of the idea should go to him. When I stumbled (as quietly as a drunken person can) into my room I noticed that there was a towel hanging on my radiator, and I thought «you know what I could just do it on my bed'. I can honestly tell you from a past experience for a different story that a towel does nothing to stop pee ruining the bed clothes! Whatever brain cells were still functioning remembered this experience and shied away from grabbing the towel! That was until I looked at the other side of the room and saw my rolled up exercise mat (which will most likely be used for the following activity than actual exercise!). My brain connected the dots and I laid the mat down first before putting the towel down.

Now for the fun to begin! As I said above I was quite drunk and by now my bladder was near bursting point. I knew that I could not hold anymore, which is what made bedtime that much more fun! I lay flat on my back with my cock pointing straight up (I was rock hard with the knowledge of what I was about to do). I relaxed a tiny bit to let the first dribble of pee come out which then mixed with the pre-cum already coating the head of my cock. The feeling of the warm liquid trickling like a golden lava flow down the pillar that is my manhood was amazing! All of a sudden my pee started to gush out in torrents; it was as if a dam had burst! It cascaded down my cock soaking my pubes before covering my stomach and thighs.

I could even feel some get past my balls to just tickle my asshole to just tease it, which sent an overwhelming sensation throughout my body! To make the most of my flood of pee I gripped the top of my cock and squeezed thus stopping the flow. I then pushed the pee so the pressure built before aiming towards the top half of my body and releasing. I kept my eyes open so I could see the geyser shoot forward to cover my chest, but most enjoyably my face! 

The sensation of my warm pee covering almost every inch of my body had made my cock harder then it had ever been before. Still soaked in pee I took four fingers of my left hand and plunged them deep into my bowels, using the pee as my own lube while finger-fucking my ass. With my right hand I was stroking my cock at a fast a pace as possible completely forgetting about any form of self-restraint! I don't know how I was not screaming at the top of my lungs with pure ecstasy! I was in such a state of pure euphoria that the passing of time seemed irrelevant, there was nothing existing except that moment and I.

After an unknown period of time I my balls began to tingle as my sperm was racing up my shaft. Knowing that I was near completion I aimed my cock towards my face with eager anticipation. With a few final strokes I pushed my pelvis forward and I could feel my rectum tighten around my fingers. I opened my mouth just as my sperm leaped toward me! My face was covered and I licked my lips to make sure I was getting all of the delightful saltiness of my cum. I then pulled my fingers from my ass to suck all the flavour from them. In a hypnotic craze I covered them in as much cum from my face that I could before shoving them back into my asshole, ramming them back and forward.

When I could feel that my ass was staying widely open without the assistance of my fingers I drew them out to yet again suck them dry. Lying there covered in a cocktail of my own pee and cum with my ass gaping, I felt a peace wash over me. The stresses of life no mattered; I was truly at one with myself. Still sticky I picked up my pen and began to write this!

