Fun peeing with the girls after the party!

10th December 2007, 01:09 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

It had been one hell of a party!

James' flat looked like a bomb had hit it! Bottles everywhere, plates of unfinished food, glasses. After most people had eventually gone home at about 4am, about 6 of us stayed behind so we could help with the morning clear-up. The 3 guys - me, John and James - crashed out in the lounge, whereas the girls had been given the privilege of James' room.

It was about 6am when I woke up, desperate for a pee. Being winter, it was still dark, and the house seemed very quiet - in contrast to a few hours earlier! As quiet as I could, I made my way to the toilet - it was right opposite James' room, and I didn't want to wake the girls, or they'd be bound to moan in the morning! I needn't have bothered though - as I passed the door, I could hear them chatting and giggling! Then, just as I had my hand on the door of the bathroom, the door to James' room flew open, and 2 girls - Abi and Lisa - burst out. I'm guessing they weren't expecting to see anyone - Abi was in T shirt and pants, and Lisa in bra and pants.

"Gangway!" shouted Lisa, as they pushed past me and ran into the bathroom together, locking the door after them.

"Damn" I said quietly to myself. I was pretty desperate already, and had already relaxed slightly in readiness for the relief to come. I must confess though, seeing the girls weaing not very much had been nice! and - though I feel ashamed to say it - I was getting distinctly horny feelings from the prospect of hearing them pee!

I leant against the wall next to the bathroom door, waiting for the exquisite sound of female pee hitting water. But all I could hear was giggling and chatting - too muffled for me to make out what was being said. "Oh come on", I thought, my frustration a mixture of a desperate need to pee, and my desire to hear them peeing! The prospect of the latter however, was starting to make my cock stiffen slightly, which helped with the former!

Then suddenly, the door flew open, I was grabbed, and before I could say anything, was pulled into the bathroom! Abi took me firmly by the arm, and maneuvered me in front of the toilet.

She looked at me sweetly. "We felt guilty pushing in like that, so it's only fair you go first."

For a moment, I was speechless. They wanted me to pee in front of them? They stood either side of me, both staring at my slightly swollen cock making a ridge in my jeans. I hesitated.

"Well, go on then" said Lisa, her eyes full of lust!

"Yeah, show us what ya got, boy!" said Abi with a devilish grin. I don't know what those girls had been talking about, but they both seemed in a pretty horny mood!

I could feel my cock swelling. I found the situation SO arousing - two clearly horny girls wanting to see me pee, and with the prospect of me getting the favour in return! Seeing me hesitate, Abi took control.

"Tell you what, if I go first, will that help?"

My heart was pounding. As I stood transfixed, Abi maneuvered into the gap between me and the toilet, staring intently into my eyes.Then she bent down, her head against my chest, and pulled her pants down. Stepping right out of them, she sat on the toilet, as far back as she could and with her legs spread wide.

"Enjoy" she said with a wicked grin. Through her swollen lips, a blade of pale gold appeared, jetting into the toilet. She kept her hands away from her pussy, so I got an uninterrupted view, and instead, massaged her round boobs through her T-shirt. She was obviously loving the attention and her nipples stiffened under the white fabric as her breasts swelled with arousal.

"Shall I take this off?" she asked, indicating her T-shirt. I mumbled agreement, and as her pee continued, she crossed her arms in front of her, and in one smooth action, pulled it over her head. This girl was clearly trying her best to turn me on! And succeeding! Lisa looked on open mouthed, clearly surprised just how daring Abi was prepared to get!

Finally her stream slowed and stopped. She sighed, then pulled a few sheets of toilet paper from the roll beside her. But instead of wiping, she offered them to me!

"Can you just dry me off please." I didn't need a second invite. I leaned forward and pressed the paper against her dripping lips, soaking up the droplets of liquid. The urine was being replaced with another fluid now, as her pussy swelled with horniness. I kept drying longer than was strictly necessary, occasionally pressing either side of her clit as she let out a small moan. Finally, with a devilish grin of my own, I explained: "I'd better just check it now" and throwing the toilet paper into the bowl, ran my fingers along her lips, then pushed one in between, feeling the warmth of her vaginal opening. Pulling my finger out, I looked briefly at it's shiny glaze, before putting it in my mouth and tasting.

Needless to say, my penis was expanding rapidly now, held in check only by my desperate need to pee.

"Stand up" ordered Abi.

I did, and she leaned forward, and put her hand on my trouser ridge. Then saying "you don't mind do you?" undid my zip, pulled my jeans down slightly, and freed my tool from my pants.

It was stiff, but not concrete, and she leaned forwards, taking the helmet in her mouth. She moved her tongue round the end, tasting my pre cum and a few drops of urine that had escaped. I looked over to Lisa. She was sitting on the edge of the bath openly masturbating, her hands inside her panties, and her bra already off. Abi pulled her face away from me for a moment.

"Lisa, why don't you piss now?" I don't know if this had been preplanned, but what Lisa did next was a definite surprise to me! Taking her panties off, she walked over to me, put her legs either side of my right leg, then, maneuvering her hips slightly started to pee down my leg! I felt her warm liquid covering my lower thigh and calf, and spreading over my foot. I reached down to her crotch, putting my fingers in her stream and feeling the warm release.

With Abi playing with my cock, I just lost control now. A rod of my pee hit her clean in the face, and she held it there, aiming my penis with her right hand, whilst her other hand rubbed her clit. My stream went on for ages, glazing Abi's face and chest in gold as she moved my cock around.

At last the flow slowed and stopped, and with the hands of an expert, Abi started to massage my cock to orgasm. Lisa, her pee now complete, took hold of my balls, playing with them in her hand. As my moaning indicated my closeness to orgasm, the girls put their faces together in front of mer as Abi furiously milked my rock hard dick.

Then, with a loud moan, I spurted. And I mean spurted! Thick splodges of cum shooting out, which the girls shared between their mouths. I was in extacy They were both rubbing themself now, and, not long after I spurted, Abi and Lisa both had their own shattering orgasms.

After a moments silence, we came back to earth, cleared up the mess with one of James' towels (I wonder if he'd notice?) and made our way back to our respective beds.

As I took my place on one of the couches back in the lounge, James looked up, opening one bleary eye.

"Where've you been?" he asked.

"Oh just for a piss" I explained. "Nothing special."

