My first accident as an adult part 1-2

4th May 2008, 03:07 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

Part one:

I have seen that some of the ladies on this web have asked for more accident reports from the men here, and even if I myself as a male do not get much out of reading about other mens accidents, I realized that women may feel different.

This took place one summersday some years ago, when I was driving my car. I had been desperate to take a leak for some time, and I was getting excited about it, but did not plan anything. I just wanted to get to a gas station, fill her up ( my car that is) and wash it. Then I wanted to go home, take a leak and have a meal.

When I started to fill her, I got really desperate from the sound of running gasoline. But when I drove into the washing area to give my car a manual washing, that was when the shit hit the fan for real.

I felt the pressure building up to the brim, and then I realised I would lose it soon.

I hurried up with rinsing the shampoo off the car, and then I felt the first spurt of pee in my underwear. I crossed my legs discrete and managed to stop the flow for a while, and I felt pretty stupid out there by then.

Before I had finished the carwash, I felt another spurt into my pants, and this time, it left a wet patch at the crotch of my jeans.

Now I was in deep shit, because I lived in the 3rd floor of a block, and there was no way I could go home like that.

So what did i do?

I jumped in the car while I thought of a solution.

Right after, I felt another leak escape me and now I had to worry about the car seat to. Luckily, it had seat covers that would absorb some of the wetness.

Then I got an idea. I set of and drove to a nearby beach. There I could dry my clothes and get a chance to clean myself too.

On the way to the beach, I had to adjust my penis so that it pointed upwards, to spread the damage in my pants and try to protect the car seat.

I had a couple of leaks while driving, before I got there, but now it went upwards and hit my stummack, before it seeped downwards again.

I reached the beach area, but passed the parkinglot area to find a more discrete place to stop nearby, as I did not want to be seen like that.

I had to laugh a bit by my own situation a s well. A grown up man getting in such a situation like that.

Another problem now was how the heck should I dry my pants and be able to clean myself up, without anybody noticing me?

And where should I go the finnish peeing?

I could not go over to the porta potties at the parking lot behind me, because then I would easily be busted.

The weather was warm and the sun was shining , so the sea temperature should be ok.

Then I remembered that I had heard that some people say that naturists /nudists used the rocks and cliffs and a smaller beach area beside the ordinary beach, as a nudist place.

Maybe I could get away with it after all?

Part two:

I had to get out of the car anyway, so I opened the door and headed for some cliffs and rocks between me and the sea.

I ran the last meters to a cliff and was about to open my fly, when I heard a voice.

Just when I thought it could'nt get any worse, it did.

Right behind me on a flat rock, sat a nude woman that I had seen in some bars before, and she was well known for her drinking habits in bars as well as in parks and beaches during the summer.

She was obviously drunk and I saw a bag with some boxes of beer beside her. She had a nice body and a pretty face, and I felt myself getting hard from watching her.

"Hi there, nice day, is'nt it?" she said, "come over here and have a beer". She gestured for me to sit down beside her. She had'nt noticed the wet patches on my jeans yet.

"I need to take a pee first", I said.

I opened my zipper and pulled out my dick. As I did, heard her getting up and when I turned my head, I saw she was coming towards me.

I told her to stay away, but to no awail.

" Dont be shy",she said. "It is natural to be naked and it is normal to pee. I do it all the time", she said and laughed.

I turned around to pee and to hide the patches on my jeans.

Damned, I was desperate

, but this woman made it difficult to get started.

«Having problems here, have we?» she went on.

Suddenly I heard a splashing behind me, and I turned around again.

There she stood, only a couple of feet away from me, with her legs together and peed down her legs, with a drunken smile on her face.

» It's the beer. Sorry if I offend you, but the sound of running water might help you».

That did it for me, and finally I started to pee.

The feeling of relief was overwhelming, and it got even better when she reached around me and took my dick in her left hand. "These are so good to hold on to" she said and peeked around my back to see my dick. Then she saw the front of my jeans too.

«No wonder you were in a hurry», she laughed, «it happens to me too».

I did not feel embarrassed over her discovery, and while we both stood there peeing in the sun, I got bold and reached backwards for her pussy.

She came closer and leaned towards me and let out a soft moan, as I let my fingers slip in between her wet thighs and into her warm stream.

After about 30 seconds of sheer bliss, I squeezed out my last drops and she wiggled them off and gave me a light squeeze.

I returned the favour by doing some rubbing motions with my fingers in her pussy, as the last drops seeped out of her.

We both breathed heavier and I knew she was getting excited too, but I realized that we could not be standing like that too long, in case someone would come and bust us.

I looked around to check if someone had seen us, just in case.

Then I saw a couple of girls lying behind a bush, about 10 meters to the right of us, near the sea. One of them waved at me and gave me a thumbs up sign. She had seen me, alright.

I waved back and smiled at them.

Then we went over to her blanket at some flat rocks and sat down.

«Maybe I should take that beer now», I said. «Then I can wait for my pants to get dry.»

She suggested that I got nude as well. I did, and laid my pants to dry on a rock nearby.

We sat and talked for a while and had some beers, and enjoyed ourselves.

To be continued……

