The Final Few Seconds

30th July 2018, 09:11 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This story contains themes of incontinence and wetting and (female) masturbation. If you like this, please read on...

I have had overactive bladder since my mid 20s. It has always been something I could deal with.... Adult diapers, pee pads, even medications, and careful planning and regulating my fluid intake. I also started to wet the bed (again) in my 20s. About 30 I started to have regular urge incontinence. I would normally just leak urine in my diaper or pants after the urges became too great and I could (mostly) just stop it before I would completely wet myself, but that started to change as time went on. This 'story' is mostly based on fact, and I have had many people ask me over chat, email, etc., how it feels to lose control of my bladder...the sensations I feel and how it ends up.

I have a legitimate physical problem with holding my pee, but I have had a 'kink' for pee related fetishes since I was young. It is a strange dichotomy and I have written about this before. I almost get turned on from the 'shame' and 'fear' of the accident. Equate it to a roller coaster, where you are freaked out and scared for life, but somehow it makes you feel euphoria, or even sexual pleasure. I have read many people find intimate moments with a partner after a rollercoaster, just out of fear. Losing control of my body function is sort of like that for me. I would often masturbate myself after wetting in my pants but I actually get turned on from having a real accident sometimes- even if it is unplanned or in an embarassing place.

I will describe an experience with losing complete control of my bladder as an adult. It is graphic and detailed, but I will describe it as best I can. Perhaps everyone's sensations are different, and they may differ between old and young, man and woman, but I will talk about what happens to me. I am a 33 year old woman.

I was at the park and it was a cloudy day with drizzle, and there were not many people out and about. I did my normal walk that I always do. I went 2.2 miles around the loop and back. There are no toilets on the trail. If you have to go, you have very few options. I had 3 great days without having to diaper and I was wondering whether my overactive bladder was stopping, or I just got lucky....

I went around the back of the trail loop and I began to feel an urge to go pee. It was nothing really bad...just a little urge like I would normally have...and could easily be held in until I get back home. I was wearing my yoga pants and a t-shirt and I didn't even think about peeing myself or having to worry about pee today as I had such a good 3-day-run.

But within a couple of minutes or so, I was doubled over with urges so unbearable that I almost cried. I have felt these before, and they never end well. I stopped walking, and then clenched my legs together. I started to look for a place to hide, but it was a wide-open field. There were people walking in the field and coming toward me on the trail. My heart was beating so fast. I then realized that I wasn't going to make it to a toilet. Do i just go in my pants, or try to find a place to squat? I couldn't! There were so many people! I was starting to freak out, but at the same time, I started to have this euphoria...like a pleasure. I felt my vagina getting wet, I felt my clit swell. It was like I was having a little fantasy, but this was real. I was about to lose control of my bladder and I couldnt hide anywhere. I was scared, and turned on, and scared....repeat....This was both my fantasy and my reality.

And then I felt an almost searing urge that began to take over. Standing in one place I could not move into a position to stop it. I began to crouch and squat and the urge got stronger...then stronger....then STRONGER....and I felt an almost euphoric high- like a 'lightness' in my head and in my bladder, and within seconds, the urge stopped, and my bladder almost felt numb. But it then turned to a 'pressure' and then an almost painful spasm. It was like I could feel my bladder muscles open 'wide.' Like a little monster was puliing my bladder open, and by this time I was feeling my pants getting soaked and I tried to 'hold it' and 'stop it' but my 'hold' muscles were not working.

My bladder and urine stream was wide open, like a broken spigot, and with my legs clenched and my body squatted, I was gushing pee through my pants with so much force it was like a cascade of 2 or 3 'streams' of yellow urine pouring onto the ground, soaking my bottom, my crotch and my inner thighs. I felt my bladder 'contract' or 'spasm' several times while I kept peeing. I could not stop the spasms and I was powerless to stop peeing for about 20 seconds or more. I could smell my urine by this time. A large puddle was forming in the dirt underneath me. Two onlookers started to point at me and I could hear a child laughing. As I was still urinating involuntarily, I found enough strength to get up and walk fast behind a tree and I walked through the woods while I was still wetting myself in 5-10 second bursts. My legs and my sandals were soaked.

I continued to walk and walk....and walk.

I got back to the path to my house, and within 15 minutes I did not encounter a single person. But I started to get this overwhelming urge to touch myself. I couldnt believe I lost control of my body function....so fast and so strongly. I could not believe I lost complete control. I walked into my front door and I started to leak more pee. I reached into my pants and under my panties and my clit was swollen. My vagina was soaked and my lips were lubricated with the smelly urine that had leaked out of me. As I got into my bedroom, I just collapsed in a tight ball and rubbed my clit and fingered my vagina until I had the most intense orgasm I had ever had. Pee spots followed me here. And I was still peeing in bits as I rubbed my pussy. I actually cried, the orgasm was so intense...

That is my story....

Love, Jessica

