Pissing in my hotel room (m solo, real)

15th January 2013, 03:43 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

I'm sitting here in a hotel room thinking about what I did the last time I stayed at this hotel. Now I've posted about what I used to do in hotels (In my hotel room this week (m solo)), and I've posted about what I've started to do in the last year (First Time in Diapers), but back in August I wanted to do something special. I've written that I have an online girlfriend, a great lady that I met here on PS. I've taken some pictures and video for her in the past of me pissing in a toilet, sink, and bathtub, and of me wetting my jeans, but I dicided to do something different. My first idea was to take video of me sitting down and pissing on myself. As I don't believe in making others pay the price for my fetish, I decided to sit on the top of the toilet seat, as it would be easy to clean my mess off of the tile floor in the bathroom. With the idea firmly in my mind, I filled up my bladder by drinking copious amounts of water.

When I felt desperate enough, I grabbed my Android phone, sat down on the toilet seat, tried to find a good angle to hold the phone, and started to pee. The warm piss stream felt good rising up from my dick, splashing on my stomach and chest, and running down my body before splashing on the floor, forming a huge puddle. I was happy with the effort - that is, until I saw the video. I had done a poor job of filming myself, and knew that my online girlfriend would have hoped for a more clear view of my self shower.

I decided that things would be a lot better if I could at least see what I was filming, so I got the idea of using the mirror to help me film my piss. I also remembered a great pic that MissPiss posted some time ago of her pissing on a hotel mirror. I decided that I would film my self standing on the bathroom floor and pissing on the large bathroom mirror. I continued to drink large amounts of water, and was shortly desperate enough to have a nice pee.

I stood right in front of counter facing the mirror, turned on my phone's camcorder function, and started to piss. I aimed the stream right at the mirror, and it looked cool as my strong steam splashed against it. As I continued to piss a large puddle formed on the counter, and then it sounded like a waterfall as my pee started to run off on the counter on to the floor. I pushed out several strong squirts at the end, and then was finished, standing in a huge puddle of my piss. It was then time to clean up after myself.

I believe that the effort was worth it. I had fun making the video, and my girl loved it. I did post some pics and part of the video here on PS, though files I posted here do not show my files, while the ones I sent her did. If anyone is interested the video can be found here:

$/community/.../cat/623/page/4

