Roadside Pee

8th June 2013, 07:11 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

As many of you who follow me probably already know, I've recently got a new job. While I'm still not very fond of it and I doubt I ever will be, I've at least managed to find some perks besides a nice pay check. Allow me to explain..

Monday I left before dawn to head to Southern WV to perform some road construction work. I was unsure what my duties were actually going to be for the day until the four hour car journey was out of the way and I'd actually arrived at the job site. (I work away throughout the week.) When I arrived, I found that my foreman had me set up to go on traffic control duties as a flag man. It was awesome since that's by far the easiest job available. To make it even easier, we were working on a road that was hardly ever traveled. It was just more less a back road that cut through the country side.

I assumed my position on the road to begin my job that morning. I was all alone as the rest of the crew was down the road a good piece out of sight. I flagged traffic all morning and the day was dragging on due to me being hot and bored out of my mind performing such a menial job for so long. As the morning faded into the afternoon, traffic picked up slightly and then died off again. It had been probably a half hour since I had any vehicles pass when suddenly a nice red, convertible sports car approached me. I had my sign turned to the "STOP" position as the sports car grew closer to me. I was expecting a guy to be driving but, I got a surprise when the car finally got to me.

The car was now probably a 100 ft. from me and still easing closer. I could make out the driver and to my surprise, it was a she. She continued easing closer until her car was literally about 5 ft. from me. She had the convertible top down and she was just ending a phone call as she halted the car. I found it a bit odd that she pulled her car so close to me. Usually people give themselves a good bit of distance between themselves and the flagger. I wasn't upset by it though as she at least provided me with a bit of eye candy for a moment. The construction crew was moving equipment around so, we had all traffic halted. It was going to be a few minutes at the least.

The car sat there for a moment and then the driver's door slowly opened. The woman driver was the only occupant and she began climbing from the car after she opened the door. I was expecting to be cussed at because that's what usually happens when people exit their vehicles to approach me. As she climbed from her vehicle, I noticed some of her features and her appearance. She was quite attractive.

The first thing I noticed was she had platinum blonde hair just past her shoulders (Of course I noticed this first because I'm a sucker for blondes to begin with!) The next thing was her figure. She was pretty thin. She stood about 5'5" or so, probably only weighing 115 lbs. She wore a short red dress with spaghetti straps over her shoulders to keep it up. Her boobs were nothing to write home about, probably a B cup yet, they matched her petite figure perfectly. Her dress was pretty short as the gentle breeze nearly blew it up over her nice, toned little ass as she pushed her door shut. She was sporting a brilliant bronze tan that really showcased her blonde hair, fairly long shapely legs, as well as the short little red dress she was wearing. She had on a pair of red heels that matched the dress. I'd have to guess that she was in her mid to late twenties. She looked and dressed as if she were very, very classy as well as wealthy. Her convertible sports car also fit that bill.

She began walking toward me as her heels clicked on the asphalt a few times. She made it to the front of her car and was face to face with me since she pulled so close. I was still expecting to be cursed at but, instead I was greeted with a pleasant smile and a friendly "How is your day going?" I was a bit taken back that someone I'd never even met before, seemingly dressed so ritzy would ask about my day!

I replied: "My day's going great! How about yours? Is there anything that I can help you with?"

She paused a moment before responding with: "My day's going well also. I'm just on my way home from work. Can you tell me how much longer you'll be?"

I apologetically said: "It shouldn't be any more than 5 minutes. The guys are moving things around down there so we're holding traffic both ways. You seem to be the only car we're holding so, I'll let you go first."

She waited before saying: "It's OK. I'm glad you guys are fixing the road. It's hell on my car since it's so low to the ground."

I figured that I'd answered her question so I ended the conversation with: "I bet! We'll get you on your way shortly."

Instead of leaving, she continued to stand there for a brief period semi fidgeting and shifting her weight from leg to leg. She then asked: "Can I ask you another question?"

I again replied with: "Sure."

She hesitated before semi whispering: "Man, this is embarrassing but, would you mind if I peed here while you hold traffic? I really have to go!"

I, of course, responded with: "No problem. When ya gotta go, ya gotta go."

She thanked me.

She headed back to the driver's door where she reach toward the center console and grabbed a few napkins she must have had stockpiled for such an occasion. I expected her to go to the rear of the car to go since no one else was around and she'd be able to see anyone approaching but, again to my surprise (and delight) she again approached me. She made her way to where the passenger headlight on her car was and flashed me a funny look. I was unsure what she was doing, whether to turn away, or what. She was an arms length away from me which made it a bit awkward. She made it clear she wasn't shy as she hiked up her dress and exposed she was wearing nothing beneath. Her bare pussy now out in the open, I could see she had a small, triangular shaped, thin patch of blonde pubic hair. Her pussy was tucked neatly with just a bit of her pinkish colored inner labia hanging down, exposed. She paused for a second, lowering her dress a bit.

She asked: "Do you mind if I pee here, so close to you? It's less likely I'll be seen by anyone other than you here."

I replied: "Nope. No big deal."

She made it blatantly obvious that she didn't care if I watched as she chose a place so close to me and she had already exposed her pussy to me. I decided I was going to make no attempt to look away however, I wasn't going to stare, either. Again, she pulled her dress around her waist, this time leaning back placing her ass against her car's headlight/fender area assuming a squatting position. She spread her legs quite wide and I watched as her outer pussy lips parted. Her pink pussy was now on full display. I could see her relax her body completely and close her eyes.

She sat completely relaxed, eyes closed for a couple seconds before her stream started. She's one of very few females that I've witnessed who's stream starts out full instead of building up. Her stream was projected very forward and arched out just like a guys would except she was in a squat position. Her pee arced out 3 ft. in front of her right beside of me. Had she turned to her left a bit, she would have been pissing on my boots! Her pussy had a very gentle hiss, the piss gave off a rather nice sound as it formed a puddle on the asphalt where her stream arced to. Her stream was so erotic the way it stayed so tight and had enough pressure to arch so far forward.

I sure was glad she was unfazed by me watching because there's no way I could have turned away from such an awesome sight! The color was just right. Clear with a golden hue. It looked as if it would have tasted so sweet! She pissed for a solid 45 seconds occasionally leaving out a few sighs of relief. Her pee came to an end the same way it started, abruptly.

She took a napkin and glided it across her wet pussy before crumbling it and throwing it on the berm of the road beside me. She then took the second napkin and ran it up and down her thighs before discarding it the same way. She again thanked me for letting her pee there before climbing back into her car. The road was now clear so I allowed her through before turning to admire the massive puddle that she left me with. I'm really hoping I see her some more this week while I'm working!

