The Game

5th November 2006, 09:15 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

She has this … thing; I guess I should say we have this thing, Lisa and I, sort of a game we play. We love to see just how wet and messy Lisa can get. We had been married about three years when she sprung it on me. She came home one day, stripped to her underwear and bluntly ask, what do you think? At first I was taken aback and didn't know quite what she was talking about but as I looked closer it started sinking in. Her white cotton panties were soaked I mean not just the crotch but completely soaked. I ask her what in the world happened. That was the beginning of what has turned into the most amazing turn on in my life.

The first time I was not in on it till it was over and she was back home but now I love helping her get ready to go out and play. The anticipation while she is out and knowing what will happen after she gets home tares me up. She is out now and should be back in an hour or so. I don't know what will happen tonight but I'll tell you about last Thursday.

I was lying on the bed as Lisa came out of the bathroom to get ready. She already had on her panties and bra, the usual white cotton briefs and matching bra. I was instantly turned on at the contrast between the white underwear and Lisa's dark tanned skin. She still gives me the shivers after all this time. She took a light colored sundress out of the closet and put it on. As she set on the edge of the bed putting on her shoes she looked at me with those sexy green eyes of hers. A mischievous grin came across her face as she told me how bad she already needed to pee. Tonight she is going to see Mark, a college student that works at a convenience store just down the street. The store closes at eleven and Lisa will be there just at closing time. Lisa has been working on Mark for some time getting him ready for tonight.

She started by having an В«accidentВ» in her panties while filling up with gas then making a small deal out of it by telling Mark when she went in to pay. The next time, she went in to get me a pack of cigarettes. She had В«cased the jointВ» and knew when Mark had the bathrooms closed for cleaning. She had become friendly with Mark by this time and made a joke about having another accident at the same store with the same cute college boy. He laughed and told her it was all right with him. Then he said the exact words she was waiting for. В«Wet women turn me on.В» Well get your mop ready, she said and with that she hiked up her skirt and wet her self right there beside the counter. She told me Mark's erection grew larger as her white panties became wetter. She rubbed his erection through his pants then left telling him she would be back on Thursday at closing and to be ready for some wet fun.

I couldn't wait till Thursday finally came around. Lisa left the house dressed in a blue denim skirt and white blouse. When she returned the skirt and blouse had large wet spots on them and her underwear was absolutely soaked. She came in and hugged me tight. I could smell the pee and cum all over her. We lay on the bed as she told me of the nights events. I rubbed her pussy through her wet sticky panties as she talked. Lisa had gotten to the store just at closing time. Mark let her in and at Lisa's suggestion locked the door behind them. She said Mark was a little uncomfortable at first but Lisa has a way of making guys feel comfortable with the game she plays.

She led Mark to the back room and set him on a milk crate. She does not let the situation get too serious. She likes to laugh and keep it as a game. She asks Mark if he had a change of clothes but he didn't. He told her he was going straight home so it didn't really matter. Lisa told him she didn't want to mess him up too bad and had him stand back up. She then instructed him to take off his shirt and pants and set back down. When he was stripped to his underwear Lisa was thrilled to see he was wearing white briefs. These are her favorite to see wet. When he set back down she straddled him kissing him lightly and mussing his hair. She told him this was just for fun and things wouldn't be going too far. By this time Marked was hooked and would have agreed to anything.

When you are horny college freshmen and have a beautiful 34-year-old women straddling your lap it is hard to say no to anything. Lisa said she could feel Marks erection grow as she wiggled on his lap. She began kissing him as she let go through her panties. The pee soaked through to Mark, soaking his briefs. He began to moan as the warm pee spread down around his balls. Lisa felt between their crotches and grabbed Marks cock through the wet underwear. He rocked back and forth getting so exited that Lisa decided she had better slow things down a bit. She didn't want Mark cumming just yet. She got up off Mark and pulled her skirt up reviling her wet panties to him.

She pulled him up from the milk crate and hugged him while she rubbed his cock through the wet briefs. He told her how badly he needed to cum. Lisa took his cock out of his underwear and began to masturbate him. Then she pulled the waistband of her panties out and slid his cock in, rubbing it with her pussy. It wasn't long till Mark came. Lisa said it felt like gallons squirting into her panties. After a short rest Lisa convinced Mark to wet his briefs. I don't think it took much convincing. As Mark began to pee Lisa maneuvered to get under him. She wanted to feel as much of his pee as she could splash onto her panties. It got all over her skirt and blouse as she moved to get under him. She raped up the story telling me how Mark had cum in her panties one more time before the night was over.

Lisa began to squirm at the touch of my hand on her pussy as she finished up the story. She rolled me over and straddled me rubbing the sticky mess in her panties onto my white briefs that she loves so well. Honey I have a confession she said. As I was rubbing Mark with my pussy his cock slipped in me just a little. Are you mad she asks? The hard on in my briefs answered her question. As she kissed me she let go again with warm pee. It spread down through my underwear and over my cock. As she peed she rocked back and forth causing me to shoot off filling my wet briefs with cum.

She is gone to see Mark again and I can't wait for her to get home. I wonder if she will В«accidentallyВ» let him slip in again.

