The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 9

27th June 2005, 04:14 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I still have one chapter to post and then I need to edit a couple of others. It is getting harder to keep it all together. More comments of incouragement are needed.

A couple of you might be looking for earlier chapters and I encourage you to start with the introduction chapter. Then go to the author and click on my name. The third line down will get you to all the chapters. Have fun.

The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 9

«Lines are just so boring and it seems that these days they are everywhere.» Ginger was thinking to herself as she waited at the check out line in the grocery store. «Gees don't they realize that some people need to get home to pee» she thought, suddenly reconsidering since she'd already wet her pants a little and was that moment letting go of a little more. She suddenly bent forward, just enough to look at her crotch, especially that area just below her zipper where her new blue jeans were stretched so tightly. These pants really were snug and cut right through her pussy lips. They were tight, but then she wouldn't wear her pants any other way. She liked to show off and with the short heels she was wearing her cute rounded butt would really be on display. She'd also glanced in the mirror before she left home and anyone that wished could easily tell she was also wearing high cut cotton panties. The double crotch band was that obvious.

Her mom and Lisa had left for the weekend, leaving her at home to take care of the farm. After a couple of cups of coffee that morning, Ginger decided that she needed a few things at the store, especially since Katie and Nancy were coming by. She had driven the four miles to the store because the variety there was so much better and they always stocked Corona Light beer, usually on special. She and her friends liked drinking light beer when the weather was warm and it was more than warm lately, it was hot.

It was the way her tight pants cut through her pussy lips that had caused her to miscalculate her need to pee. While pushing her grocery cart she had been enjoying the feeling the seam of her jeans was having on her little button when she stopped for some lettuce in the produce department. Suddenly, while reaching across the display, she momentarily released her bladder and felt that spurt seeping past her lips, soaking the crotch of her panties and probably the inseam of her jeans. Almost in that same instant, she stopped peeing, and cupped her hand over her mons to stem the flow. She looked to see if anyone was watching and was lucky, no one noticed.

It was not like it hadn't happened to her before and a little thing like wetting her pants wasn't going to be a catastrophe. In fact, she really enjoyed the additional sensitivity her soaking panties added to the tightness of her jeans. They both felt good against her skin. She continued shopping, letting an additional spurt go just after she finished selecting her things and while wheeling her cart to the check-stands. She stopped mid isle to examine herself with her hand using her purse as a partial cover. She was wet all right and she new that it was going to be obvious to anyone that cared to notice. Ginger didn't like being the center of attention but there was something about the looks she got when people noticed that she had wet herself.

The line finally moved and the clerk finished bagging her groceries. Her purse was open and she was taking money out when she heard a slightly muffled hissing and felt her crotch get warm, then hot. Quickly, she stopped her release as she paid, collected her receipt and pushed her cart out to the parking lot. She knew now that in order to get away with this, she needed to keep the cart in front of her.

Reaching the jeep, she stopped to open the rear door and looked to see if anyone was noticing. No one was, but by then she realized that she wasn't going to make it all the way home to pee either and didn't want to do it in the car. She was just thinking about her limited options when another spurt slipped out and her decision was suddenly made. Looking down at her crotch, the stain, which had only been about eight inches down her inseam, suddenly started to move lower, much lower. «Oh well, why not. After all», she thought, «it wasn't something that hasn't happened a few times before.» Ginger spread her legs a little further as she continued looking around the car lot, and just stood there peeing.

She liked the sexy tingling this little game gave her and it certainly wasn't an uncomfortable feeling. She could feel her stream leaving her lips and spreading through her panties, soaking the crack of her ass before running down her legs. She got an extra charge as her pee flushed past her sensitive ankles. Looking at the puddle forming around her heels, she wondered if she could ever break the habit. Most twenty three year old women, especially as pretty as she was, shouldn't still be wetting their pants. She stood by the truck and finished dripping before reaching past the groceries for a towel to put on the seat for the drive home.

Quickly parking her car in the drive, she got out and just before opening the rear door reached around to pull her jeans loose from her bottom crack. She looked down between her legs and noticed just how wet she was. «Oh well» she thought as she bent over to reach for the groceries.

«Gees Ginger, what happened to you? We thought we would come over early. Nancy's mother just dropped us off a few minutes ago. It was the only ride we could get. Didn't you get our message?» Katie was talking to her while staring at the insides of Ginger's pants legs. «What did you do, wet your pants again?»

«Oh you guys, come on there was no place to go at the store and I just didn't realize how badly I needed to pee.» Partially telling the truth. «Besides, big deal, it can happen to anyone.»

Nancy was quick to enter the conversation and «ah, but you seem to do it a lot more than anyone else, even Katie». They all started laughing at that remark. Nancy thought back a couple of days ago when she had been at Katie's house. Katie had been walking around the house in an old torn, blue sweatshirt and grey cotton panties. The panties had a dried looping pee stain extending past the double crotch seam both front and rear that left no doubt as to its source. It was obvious that Katie had wet her pants sometime earlier in the day and not bothered to change. Nancy was finally caught staring and Katie just said «It's no big deal, besides panties dry out and I'm not the only one that does it, I'll bet Ginger wets hers every day».

«Come on into the house you two, I just picked up some cold beer» Ginger led the way with Nancy still eyeing the insides of Ginger's pant-legs and wondering again just how casual she could be about wetting herself. «What should we do today anyway, you guys, they are having a huge sale at the Bon at East Mall?» Ginger was thinking that she could be open to anything that was fun, but she wanted her friends input. «Lets sit on the deck while we decide. Did you bring your swimsuits?»

The girls helped Ginger put things away before going to the lounge chairs on the deck. Katie and Nancy hadn't really made any plans and dropped by hoping that Ginger would think of something. She could usually always come up with a plan. They were dressed in shorts and blouses with Katie's blue short shorts being really brief and tight, showing every little fold in her skin. Nancy called it the «slut look» as Nancy was starting to pick up on some of Katie and Ginger's little habits. This thing about the two of them peeing in their pants was still hard to get used to, but beginning to be exciting none the less.

She didn't do it, well at least she hadn't told anyone when she did. She remembered her mother telling her how embarrassing it was to go in your pants and get caught. So the only times she had peed herself was when there were no toilets. Unlike Katie and Ginger, she had only peed herself once at the beach while it seemed they thought nothing of doing it whenever a toilet was inconvenient. Nancy thought back to the last time they returned in Katie's boat from Lost Isle.

Ginger had been wearing a pair of very brief, green shorts that she had wet twice during the afternoon and were still a little damp. Katie did it too, wetting herself while driving the boat back to the dock. She said that she hadn't been able to wait and there was no other place to go. She had been wearing a one-piece swimsuit under her white jean shorts. She had not wanted to pee over the side in case someone saw her so had just slipped off her shorts.

When they docked neither one of them thought anything about walking around the dock area or going into the convenience store for chips and a pop. Nancy could not believe that two grown women were casually going around after having obviously peed themselves, just as though it was nothing. She thought that the real reason they could get away with it was because they both knew they were so sexy. Ginger's butt was just about perfect too, especially with a half dried circular stain extending past her panty lines in back. Nancy thought about it and admitted to herself, «that it probably was sexy».

«Could I interest you two in another beer», Ginger was just returning from the house with three more bottles. Nancy eyed Ginger, walking towards them still wearing her peed jeans. Her pants were nearly dry now, but with a noticeable stain surrounding her crotch and stretching the length of her inseam, all the way to her ankles.

The beer was having its inebriating effect and finally Nancy couldn't resist. «Ginger, you've been walking around the house all afternoon in those pants, aren't you going to change? It is so obvious that you have wet yourself. Surely you aren't going to the mall that way.»

Ginger answered, «I guess I should change huh, but heck out here on the farm no one cares. You know, it's still only noon, do we want something to eat first? Do you guys want to change also or go like that? We could just change into sun suits and lay here on the deck, sunning ourselves. I have more beer.»

Katie looked at Nancy and they both nodded in unison «we don't care we could just wait and go out tonight.» Katie was already feeling a little tipsy and maybe it would be better to spend the afternoon right here.

Ginger took the lounge chair facing her two friends, slipping off her shoes and casually spreading her legs. Nancy noticed a fresh wet spot beginning to form right where the seam of Ginger's jeans divided her pussy lips. Was she doing it again?

