Balcony relief

29th November 2009, 03:56 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

I wonder if this site is taking its toll on me or if it's as good as an excuse as anything...

Anyway, today's been rainy... and I mean. Normally the south east of France is mostly dry (perhaps even too dry), and even in autumn or winter it doesn't rain much. Well today it's rainy and so dark that I had the lights on since I woke up!

Finally, being 4pm I decided to close the shutters of my balcony. No point in keeping them open and I don't really like the aquarium effect when it's dark outside and you have lights on inside. And as I live on the first floor with a little shop facing me, there is always people walking by and looking toward my appartment.

So I opened my window and stepped out on the balcony, looking at the small shop on the other side of the street. Not much people there. I also took a look at my balcony, and realised than it was a bit wet (but only on the sides since there is another balcony right on top).

And then I had this wild thought: "I bet noone could tell if I peed right there."

It came totally unbidden. Nearly shocked me. I really wonder how these kind of thoughts come to me... I mean I was just reading a book, nothing that should have put me in this kind of mood.

Anyway it set my mind rolling. And practicalitly win over. I could not do it. It was only 4pm, too many people would notice me standing on my balcony, in the cold, and the railing only come a little under my waist, so anyone looking throught the windows of the flats on the other side of the street would see it all. I thought of bringing a chair, but it's not easy for a man to pee sitting... since I am into wetting

(sorry ).

I shrugged my shoulders, and closed the shutters.... are you worried I chickened out ?

Let me tell you then about my shutters. There not plain shutters. They are the traditional shutters of the "Provence": in French they are called "persiennes", which according to my dictionnary would mean "louvred shutters". They are composed of many horizontal laths of wood, positionned at an angle, so that if you can't look directly through, but from the inside, if you are close, you can look toward the floor through them.

Get my meaning ? Little opening pointing toward the floor...

How many times I had thought of doing it but didn't because the weather was so dry... well not today.

So I close the shutters, unzipped my jeans, fished out my cock, positionned its tip right at above a lath, and I relaxed. It immediately began to send a little stream, and i heard it splatter on the balcony. I could see it too, peering through the laths at eye's level. I stretched my ears, but could not hear anyone walking or talking and so I continued, oh so slowly, taking my sweet time and just enjoying myself.

From between the laths I could see the puddle extending on the balcony. And still I was adding to it, little by little. I felt my bladder emptying, huuum, I knew I was nearing the end of my little naughty slash. I was thrilled. I mean, there were people buying their food at the grocery just on the other side of the street!

Finally, I unleashed the lasts spurts, stepped back and shaked my cock a little. I looked at the shutters and I could see some rivulets on the inner side, slowly making their way downward. I put my cock back in, and zipped. Then I closed my window, washed my hands, and returned to preparing my meal (stayed too long on this forum yesterday evenning, I am a bit late today...).

Gosh... I just wanted to share this and I end up writing a monstruous post

Did anyone else enjoyed a balcony relief lately ?

