Kaeleigh and Greg

15th April 2016, 11:32 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Hi All~! Been the LONGEST while in which i have worked through some huge losses of people i love, and battled a horrid disease whilst also fighting poachers~! loL ~ I am not sure any of you remember me? But this story came to me and i had to share. Its as usual based on my adventures and life, but no, i am still single so its not based on a someone~! Still just a wish~!

Kaeleigh brushed am errant red curl from her forehead, as she sighed loud enough to scare the yellow billed hornbills in the tree nearest to her. Their raucous cry made her smile briefly as she squinted her dark brown eyes over the dusty dry horizon in front of her~! The drought that had gripped the country was savage, and it worried her. There had been no «lush» summer with rains and puddles and tall savannah grass. It had barely rained and she was watching the hippos in the last remaining waterhole turn restlessly in water too shallow to really cover them. She pondered their fate, especially the cute baby hippos.

Even if the predicted rains came, it might be too late for the vegetation. Animals seldom die of thirst in a drought, but they often die of hunger~ Even if it rained now, would the grass recover enough for the long dry winter that loomed? Kaleigh bit her lip as she idly swatted at a fly. With another sigh, she turned to walk back to the Landy, swigging water from her bottle and realising how precious every drop was.

Not only did the drought threaten many animal species, it made poaching easy. With dwindling water resources all the evil bastards had to do was wait near the nearest waterhole, and sooner or later a rhino or elephant would come by. They had no choice. Two days ago they had killed a beautiful white rhino she had named Mafuta because of her size and the impressive curve of her horn. They had immobilised her with flurry of bullets from an AK, and as she lay there stunned, in pain, unable to move they had hacked her face off with panga's. Mafuta had a small calf who had bleated and cried, and to avoid someone hear its cries of distress they had hacked the small baby to death in front of the helpless Mafuta, while her own lifeblood was seeping into the dusty ground.

Kaeleigh had not cried in front of the rangers, some of whom were or had been her students. She had braced herself with anger and fortitude while they worked the crime scene methodically, taking DNA samples, blood, measuring footprints, taking photos... She had been strong and tough. She had watched two of her rangers, proud, rough, strong men, cry shamelessly as they worked on the body of the tiny baby rhino, and they had cried again touching the notched ear of Mafuta.

As they had done that Kaleigh had flashed back to the day they had darted her, and notched her for ID, fitted her with a transmitter and taken the DNA from her horn. What an impressive animal she was...what a beauty she had been. She did not deserve to die this way. No animal did, and this war was taking its toll on everyone. Most of her students, the rangers and head rangers working here, all had symptoms of PTSS, and most suffered depression. But they never wavered in their resolve and somehow they kept fighting - against better armed and organised gangs of poachers. It was not an easy challenge. Many had died from poacher's bullets yet when they returned fire, they were investigated and could be charged with murder or manslaughter. It was an uneven battle.

Kaeleigh sighed again. One thing - droughts and poachers - the made the carnivores thrive, and she watched sadly as a jackal ripped at the carcass that had once been a proud beautiful rhino that had once been Mafuta. Hyenas had also ravaged her carcass, and vultures sat covered in blood and well fed in the trees. A rhino carcass fed many. The drought had claimed victims too, as waterholes dried up hippos had nowhere to go, and although some females had been allowed into this waterhole where she stood now, the males had fought, and on the far bank was the bones and sun leathered skin of the bull who had lost the fight. Male hippos defend waterholes viciously, and even if not killed in a fight hippos without water burn and die in the hot African sun.

Kaeleigh had not cried when they found Mafuta. Not then, not in front of the men. But that night she had sobbed into her pillow and said a prayer for the ravaged wildlife of Africa that was being picked off by greedy men for other Countries. She had prayed for rain, and for the animals she loved to survive the drought and the long winter ahead. But he had not cried in front of the men.

Kaeleigh shook her head and got into the landy. She loved the bush, but lately it was a sad place, a desolate place, dry, dusty, thirsty, and a full on war zone. She drove home to little haven, her little home, where she was greeted by her furry family - her dogs, and the orphaned and fast growing bushbaby she was rearing. She spent some time with her furry friends, then sighed again.

«Sorry guys I am going out tonight, important people to meet,» she said to the furry faces watching her every move. She showered and dressed in cotton khaki slacks and a white blouse, it was too hot for anything else. She pulled her curls up into a wild pony tail, with curls escaping and faming her oval face. She brushed some gold powder over her cheeks, lip-gloss on her lips and wave of the mascara wand and she was done. A spritz of First perfume and a knotted scarf finished her ensemble, and she kissed her dogs and the naughty bushbaby goodbye and walked the short distance to the bushpub.

The scent of burning wood hung in the air as Kaeleigh and her colleagues gathered to braai at the bushpub. The men here worked hard, drank hard and ate meat. Lots of it. Kaeleigh felt herself relaxing as she sipped a rich musky merlot, feeling its velvety flow down her throat and the way the heady alcohol blunted the edges and buzzed through her body. She needed this. She watched the men interacting, the little testosterone battles, and macho posing. In the middle was Greg. Greg was here to help with the poaching issue. A pilot, and a veteran of the bush he came with credentials longer than Kaleigh's curly auburn hair. He spoke in a quiet deep assured voice, and Kaeleigh summed him up from the side-lines.

He as older than her, with sandy hair, a slightly weather beaten face that gave him a sort of Robert Redford «Out of Africa» look. He had deep blue eyes crinkled at the edges, and a nice sile showing even white teeth in his tanned face. Kaeleigh could see how smitten the ladies were. Most of the ladies worked in the offices, and Kaeleigh also spent time office bound though she hated it. Other ladies worked in the kitchen and reception, and some were young and pretty and dressed much more femininely than Kaeleigh. She smiled as she watched them flirting with Greg, before she got bored. She seldom participated in these events, although she attended. She was just «one of the guys' most of the time although she got on well with all the ladies too. But she didn't mingle much.

After she had grabbed a plate of Harriet's delicious potato salad, and some fresh green salads, she dished up some boerewors and a chop and went off to one side to eat, looking at the stars and listening to the bush. The call of jackals and lion and night birds was the music she most loved. She drank the juice and the water put out, and realised with delight just how full her bladder was. She loved the tingly feeling she got when her bladder filled, the way it made her slightly horny, and wet and hot and tingly in her lower tummy. She felt her nipples harden under the think fabric of the cotton blouse, and shivered slightly as she drank yet more juice. Finished eating, she stacked her plat, and then called good night as she made her way off. Everyone was agog to meet Greg, but she would get to meet him soon enough and she knew the braai would run late with lots of drinking and noise.

Walking the dusty path back home she did not need a torch as the moonlight from the almost full moon was enough on the white sand, and she knew her way only too well. Passing by the staff pool she took a detour and opened the gate, stepping along the stone path to the boma and pool. It was dark under the thatch roof of the boma, but the moonlight at the edge of the pool just beyond the boma roof lighted the steps and the water. Kaeleigh walked along to the table she knew was JUST inside the boma, and put down her keys, torch and cell phone.

Then she slipped off her sandals and slowly took off her slacks. She unbuttoned her white blouse and unhooked her half cup bra. She knew she was alone. Few people came to the pool at night and everyone was at the bushpub to meet wonderboy Greg. She loved making secret excursions in the dark to swim naked. Wearing just her small lacy thong she stepped from the shadows into the moonlight. She stood there a moment letting he moon kiss her skin with its pale white touch, her hands cupping her firm round breasts, sending tingles through her whole body as her nipples hardened and soft sigh escaped her lips. Her hands moved down the curve of her tummy to the soft red curls nestled between her milky thighs.

A finger slipped between those nether lips and as she felt the slick wetness. She threw her head back and as her one hand fondled a breast the other found her hot wet core and she slid her fingers inside, bringing them out to suck the musky sweet wetness from them. Her hand moved to her belly, pressing on her over full bladder, and she used her hand to open those lips again, and concentrated, groaning loudly as a golden spurt emerged, hitting the ground a foot from her, and leaving golden drops on her thighs. She sighed again softly as she let another trickle go, this time deliberately allowing it to run down the inside of her thigh and over her hand. She was lost in the delight she felt in what she was doing, lost in half shadows and pale moonlight...eyes closed, head back, she could feel her pussy clench and her clit throb and the dull ache of her still oh so full bladder...

«Ummm, in the interests of decency, much as I am enjoying the show, I should probably announce my presence» Said a soft deep voice and Kaleigh's eyes flew open, her mouth forming an «O» as his heart shuddered violently and her hands tried desperately to cover herself. She heard a soft husky chuckle. «I think it's a little late to do that now...» came the same deep soft voice in an amused drawl.

«Well, well...» stammered Kaeleigh, who was seldom at a loss for words. «I I I I thought I was alone...»

«Evidently,» came the amused assured drawl back as a shadowy figure stepped from the shadows of the boma into the moonlight. Kaeleigh felt her heart drop as he mind thudded and she barely mouthed the words «fuck oh fuck oh fuck» as she realised the man stepping up to her was Greg Morrison! She felt the blush in her cheeks. «Ah,» he said almost laughing. «You are a blusher I see ... how delightful...» Greg said as he stepped right in front of her and tried to take down the arms she was using to hide her body. Kaeleigh reacted with a clumsy half slap that he easily caught, chuckling as he did so. «Now now,» he said softly still in that annoying amused drawl. «Let's not get violent - I might like it».

Finding her voice at last Kaeleigh pulled free, and as anger flushed through her she forgot about covering her nakedness as she stepped back. «You are a pig!» she spat, getting even angrier when this elicited another chuckle. «You could have told me you were there before... before I got ...»

«Naked?» he finished, laughing softly. «Now why would I do that? I was already wondering what delights you were hiding in your oh so unsexy clothes when I saw you at the braai earlier. I knew somehow you would have a full ripe body and it is even better than I imagined...»

«Well I think you are a pervert and a pig» Kaeleigh said as she turned to leave. Greg grabbed a wrist and deftly pulled her around and somehow Kaleigh found herself standing right next to him, his deep blue eyes staring into her dark almost black ones, his lips a hairbreadth from hers, and she felt the flame of desire rip through her body. Greg saw this in her eyes, in the parting of her beautiful lips, in the soft breath that escaped her, and he pulled her to him, his lips finding hers as he kissed her hard, his tongue prying hers open.

For a moment she tensed, and he felt her start to pull away, but as his tongue touched hers, and their breath mingled, he felt her body relax and sink against him as if her knees were weak, he felt her nipples against his shirt as her breasts squashed against him and her body melded to his. He tasted her soft sigh as she gave in to desire. As their lips parted she looked at him, half bemused, her eyes with that sleepy look of lust, her lips wet and reddened, and before she could think again he pulled her close again, and kissed her again.

This time the kiss seemed to last an eternity, and she could feel his heart beating through his chest and his shirt, she felt the hardness of his erection contained by his jeans, and she shocked herself by rubbing harder against him as if she wished to climb inside his very skin. Greg's hand moved down and slowly, deftly found its way to her wet pussy, and his fingers went inside. AS he touched the hot wetness of her it was he who sighed this time, and his hand moved up, and cupped the soft curve of her belly. He pushed and felt her wince and tense and smiled."Hmmmm» he said softly, his lips against hers. «someone needs to go I see».

Kaeleigh stiffened in embarrassment and he chuckled softly as he grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the shadows under the boma. She hung back a split second, uncertain, before her own body betrayed her and she followed him. He took off his boots socks belt and shirt, unbutton and unzipped his jeans but did not take them off which confused her, as he sat on one of the plastic chairs, pulling her on top of him. She sat naked astride him, his hard and delightfully long cock pushing against her clit and wet pussy, as he pulled her slightly down and suckled first one breast then the other.

Kaeleigh moaned loudly and rocked against his hard cock, but then she bit her lip, struggling to hold onto her very full bladder in this position, as she could press her thighs together. Greg gently nipped one nipple and as the almost painful pleasure coursed through her like a hot fire in her blood, she groaned and rocked her hips, and nothing could stop the soft trickle as her movements pushed on her bladder. AS she felt the wet warm trickle she felt both absolute lustful desire and dread at what had happened and she found herself holding her breath.

As he felt the warm wet trickle, Greg sighed, and suckled harder, his other hand finding Kaleigh's sopping pussy, rubbing her clit even as the trickle waned. He stopped suckling and her nipple plopped from his mouth as he look into her eyes and said in a rough husky voice «don't stop, please...let it go, soak me...» And as she heard his words, Kaeleigh clenched so hard she almost came, and she bent to kiss him, as his one hand stayed against her pussy, pushing his hard cock against her, the other still kneading her breast.

As they kissed she relaxed and allowed a long stream to flow from her, making her break the kiss as she arched her back, rocking against him, letting her pee flow, and rubbing her clit against his hand and his cock. «Ohhh Goddd» she muttered as his mouth claimed her nipple again. Greg kept rubbing her clit and suckling first one breast then the other as she rocked against him, her hands in his hair, her head thrown back, and she let her hot pee stream out in spurts, over and over again, feeling it pool between them before soaking away, she felt it flow over from between them splashing on the floor, soaking Greg's jeans and flooding his cock with hot wetness as he moan and writhed beneath her.

All too soon she was empty, pushing as hard as she could the last trickle out, and cumming loudly as she did, her clit delightfully pushed against his wet hard cock, her hands almost ripping hear from his head as she shuddered and her breathing became ragged. Then her head dropped and she bent again and they kissed deeply, his arms pulling her to him.

As they broke the kiss, he steadied her as he stood, in dripping jeans, which he ran his hands over, before pulling them off. He led her to the table and helped her lie down on it, her bum right at the edge, as he bent and tasted her pee and cum and his pre cum, then kissed her so she could hungrily suck it from his tongue, as he slid his hard long cock into her.

She moaned softly as he entered her and it took her to that floaty place she loved. He groan at the wet hot tightness of her, and he pulled out and thrust in again, deeper this time, feeling some of her hot wet pee splash out as he did so. He thrust in and out of the delight of her, as she writhed and moaned and as he saw her about to cum he bent and kissed her and demanded she open her eyes.

She opened her eyes, fluttering her lids like someone coming into bright sharp sunlight from the dark, and she struggled not to close her eyes again as his eyes locked on hers and she saw herself reflected in his eyes, saw how his eyes changed as he watched her face while her orgasm built, until it took her so hard, ripping through her, making her moan and roll her yes and rock her hips. He felt her clench on him and he gritted his teeth not to come too. As her orgasm faded and she could again look at him he saw the softness in her face, and bent and kissed her hard. Then he pulled out and asked her to turn, and lean against the table, head down, ass up, so he could take her from behind.

Kaeleigh did not think she could cum again, but as he thrust in hard and fast and roughly from behind, his hands kneading he round firm ass, she felt yet another orgasm building and as she felt him throbbing inside, he whispered fiercely «Please see if you can touch my balls» and she reached round, finding them and softly kneading them, and heard him sigh as he relaxed and she felt his cum flood her pussy, his thrusting now erratic, guttural sounds escaping him and finally he stopped thrusting but stayed inside her throbbing, his head on her back. Finally he kissed her beautiful ass, pulled out, helped her turn and stand and pulled her close. «Wow» he said softly and this time she laughed, a little embarrassed.

He took her hand and led her to the pool water, cold against their hot skin, as they frolicked in the moonlight. After a while he pulled her to him, once again legs either side, his still semi hard cock against her pussy and he pulled her tight and she felt the warm of pee from his cock flood them both before mixing with the cold pool water, and she kissed him hard while he streamed gold against her in the silver of the moon.

When they broke to take a breath they both laughed and he cupped her face. «You are dangerous, and delightful, and I think possibly addictive. I look forward to doing more than just work with you, Kaeleigh...» Kaeleigh blushed and he chuckled again, and they kissed again in the moonlight as somewhere in the dark a lion roared and an owl hooted.

