Keggers and full bladders

24th July 2009, 09:39 PM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

After three beers I had to piss now! I left the huge group of people around the fire, made my way to a small group of trees, pulled out my John Thomas and began to drown the nearest tree. A huge sigh escaped my lips and the amber stream loudly splattered against the base of the small elm I had picked. After what seemed like minutes my flow slowed to a trickle. I shook the last few drops off the end, tucked ole' John Thomas back in my pants and headed to the kegs for a fresh beer.

In 1972 keggers had become a big thing. Find an nice out of the way pasture out in the country, buy a few kegs of beer, spread the word around quietly, and charge five dollars a head. It was a cheap, fun drunken time that was guaranteed to fill a lot of bladders rapidly, over and over again.

This particular kegger was one of the best I had ever gone to. My girlfriend had gone home for the weekend and there wasn't a lot to do. I had heard about the kegger and hadn't planned to go, but with nothing else going on I decided to go check it out and drink my fill.

One thing I discovered about drinking beer, once you start peeing, you are going to pee frequently. It wasn't long before I needed to drain the main vein once again. I headed back to my little spot, found my favorite tree, pulled out John Thomas and let go. Just as I did so I heard a high-pitched little gasp off to my left. I glanced over and saw a very cute little brunette squatting giving a small patch of grass a much-needed drink.

«Sorry, I really had to piss and I didn't see you there.» I said.

«I really had to pee too. I had just started when you came up and once I start I can't stop.» She replied with a blush.

It was at that point I realized that she was still blushing and that she could see John Thomas in his pissing glory. She giggled as realized this but made no move to turn away. The stream falling between here legs trickled to a stop and she raised a very cute little white but with a killer tan line, wiggled it a couple of times to shake off any drips and quickly pulled her jean up. I was just finishing up my much need piss and was a bit surprised to see that she had not left. I gave John Thomas, who had now started to get interested in the whole situation, a couple of shakes and stuffed him back into my pants with a bit of difficulty.

We exchanged name, learning hers was Jenny, and just started walking back to the fire for more beer. I also learned that she was here with a girlfriend of hers. We got some more beers found a spot by the fire and sat down on a log and began to talk. We were quickly joined by Jenny's girlfriend, Anne who sat down besides Jenny. Jenny introduced Anne, a quiet little dishwater blonde with tight little tits and a shy personality. Anne had a beer in her hand that she slowly nursed. «Not much of a drinker I see.» I commented to Anne. She blushed a bit and commented that she wasn't. Jenny and I talked some more drinking our beers, listening to the music and having a great time.

Anne continued to nurse her beer just watching the party going on around us. It wasn't long before my bladder was screaming to my brain that it needed emptied again. I told Jenny I would be back in a minute and asked her if she would be here when I got back. Jenny looked at me and told me no she would not be here, because if she waited for me she was going to pee her pants. As she giggled over her response I noticed that Anne was wiggling her legs a bit. I wondered if she too needed to relieve her bladder, but my own need kept me from sticking around to see.

«Shall we?» I asked, standing and extending a hand. «Delighted.» Jenny replied, pulling herself up quickly. We quickly turned and walked toward our favorite spot. As we did so Jenny and I walked past several people who had just stepped into the dark and were getting rid of some extra beer. Most of the girls seemed to head over to the parking area where they could hide behind the vehicles. Beer was flowing in and out of people and there were more people and emptying bladders all around.

As we approached our favorite spot we noticed that there were others that had taken it over. We quickly moved further on into a small group of trees down the way. As we did so I noticed that Jenny had a hand to her crotch holding herself. As we got there, Jenny already had her jeans undone and quickly squatted and let go a huge stream. As she squatted she had turned to face my direction. I quickly pulled out my penis and just as quickly started to piss. With the view I had I was starting to get hard, however the piss continued to flow. It had always been something I had been blessed with, the ability to piss with a hard on. My erection however was making my piss stream fall further away from me.

Jenny stared at my rapidly stiffing, pissing cock, and let out a laugh. «Sorry,» she stated. I stared down at her the stream flowing from the thatch of dark hair between her legs as it slowed to a stop. Jenny gave her but a little shake and stood up. This time she slowly stood up, pulling her jeans up her tanned thighs. She however did not button them up. As my flow trickled to a stop Jenny reached over, grabbed my John Thomas, shook off the last few drops asking me if I minded at the same time. I had a great looking girl grabbing my hard cock who had just give me a great pee show. Was she crazy??? Did I mind???

Obviously she knew the answer to that question. Jenny pushed me up against a tree stroking my cock as she did so. She quickly bent down and began to give me a great blowjob out there in the dark of the summer evening. It wasn't long before I let a load go and learned something new about Jenny. She was a swallower. As I began to put John Thomas away she reached over and gave me a kiss. I looked at her and asked if she wanted to get out of here? «You bet.» Jenny answered.

As we walked back to the fire we saw Anne sitting there, still nursing her almost finished beer. «Were leaving, you want to go along?» Jenny asked Anne. Anne perked up and said yes with a bit of a smile. As she stood up I knew at that time that she needed to pee. She kept her legs together and her hand strayed down to her crotch for a quick squeeze. As we got to the cars we found that Jenny's car was completely blocked in with other vehicles.

I could see that my truck would be no problem to get out so I suggested that we take mine and I would bring Jenny back later for car later. We hopped in Jenny next to me with Anne next to the door and headed the few miles back into town. We rolled down that dusty country road, chatting and listening to the music on the radio bouncing along in my pickup truck. It had to be the bouncing that did it, because after just a few minutes Anne spoke up in a weak voice and asked how long it would be before we got back to town? When I told her another 15 or 20 minutes she gave out a small gasp and a groan.

Jenny obviously knew what was happening and asked if I would pull over, she needed to pee again pretty bad. By now I needed to pee as well so I slowed my truck down and pulled over to the side of the road. Anne scooted out and stood there wiggling around in her distress. Jenny stepped to the back of the truck out of the ditch and proceeded to pop a squat again and let loose a loudly splattering steam into the dusty west Texas dusty road.

I was standing there on the side of the road adding to the music of liquid splattering in the dust and Anne gave a load gasp, gripping her crotch in a death grip and ran behind the truck next to Jenny. She quickly yanked her pants down and I could tell that she had already started to pee in her panties before she got into a high squat. Jenny laughed and asked, «Need to pee there Annie?» As she did so, Jenny also noticed that I had a perfect view of Anne's upraised butt and the stream falling between her legs. Quite a show you're putting on there, jerking a thumb toward me.

Anne looked behind her seeing my John Thomas hanging out and me staring at the stream falling between her legs. She gasped loudly and tried to waddle out of my sight. Jenny was just pulling her jeans up and burst out laughing at the ridiculous site. Anne quickly finished taking her pee, and jerked her pants up. She rushed around to the other side of the truck. As we got in Anne was very red and very quiet. «Fell better now?» I asked. With a very red face Anne stated that she did, it's just that she is pretty shy about peeing and had never done so outside before. She told us how embarrassed she was and Jenny asked, what was worse, peeing in front of me into the dust or peeing her pants for all to see when we got back to town? Anne just giggled and told us that it was too late now, so if she had to do it again she would just pee with us if she had to.

