A day of frothy pink bridesmaid dresses and frothy warm puddles

8th March 2010, 04:23 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

This is a fiction story based loosely on an awesome encounter I had at a recent wedding I attended:

I was NOT pleased at all when I was asked to be in the wedding party of a distant cousin's wedding. I really did not want to waste a whole Saturday at a wedding and worse I barely knew the bride to be. BUT my mom and dad, who could not attend as it was too far asked to please go and represent them by being part of it all~! So here I was, on a GORGEOUS beach day, attending a damned wedding~!

The wedding was held here at a place call Fiddlers. A rambling park of a place, with their own nurseries, duck ponds, wandering paths little nooks and crannies all over the place, and with gorgeous plants everywhere. The old house has been converted into different reception rooms with the large verandah now being used as an open air venue with seating, a dance floor and with fairy lights string in the trees and on wires across the dance floor like a starry ceiling. It was, in all fairness, gorgeous!~!

I was a bridesmaid/maid of honour, or whatever the latest humiliating term might be for single woman participating in wedding parties. She had 6 for goodness sake. and so there I was in this frothy pink satiny shiny dress with high buttoned collar suffocating my cleavage, lace everywhere, this weird torturous hoop petticoat thing to puff our the pink skirt, which came between mid thigh and my knee. I had to wear "pearly pink" by Revlon on my fingernails - we ALL had to match, and "pink passion" on my lips~! sigh! little white baby's breath dotted in my hair which they had tried but failed to straighten. (Yay for my rebellious unruly curls)! I looked like...well...I looked like a Barbie doll I got once as a girl! ~! well sans the teeny tiny waist and gorgeous legs of course~! MaryAnn button over white shoes were issued ruthlessly, with white opaque pantyhose. thank goodness they did not prescribe the bra's~! lol~!

The first thing I did was throw out the pantyhose and put on white, slightly sheerer stockings with cute little frilly garters that came just high enough above the hem to remain (mostly) hidden~! Ha~! that will show them, lol~! not sure if the bride's mother noticed but if she did it was too late anyway!! And she probably just pursed her lips and shook her head if she did. I was only involved because I was family after all!

So it was an okay wedding, bit boring, bit long drawn out, but not bad. then it was the reception in the open air venue as it was great weather. it really looked nice, even though it was very very PINK! as soon as the wedding was over I started filling up. first with bottled water, then champagne, then more water, then more champagne. by the time the speeches were in full flow I was wishing I was in full flow~! lol~!

I could feel my bladder was full but hey you know me, bladder of steel~! right?~! hehehe. So adjusted my mental attitude and reached for the pitcher of wine of the table pouring a glass of half wine and half water!!~! I was seated with the single people - ~! whoopee!~! for me~! so how come everyone on my table looked like they were still in high school~! sigh!!!~! on that note I decided I needed more wine!~!

Well I made it through the speeches, and most of my table disappeared to get up to all sorts of mischief I suppose, as such young people do. I moved seats so I could watch the other people. there was an older man at the table just in front of me, facing me, though probably not looking at me. he had a few other older people around him. he was not handsome but craggy, and for some reason he caught my attention. I watched and wondered why I found him interesting. then I realised. he was fidgeting and had a weird look on his face like he was really concentrating on something. I looked around and people were milling in and out now the speeches were over. it was obvious he needed a loo but was making no attempt to go. my heart leapt and my breathing stopped for a moment. I had recognised someone else holding!!!~! wow~!

The realisation sent electricity through my body so intense it made my bladder twinge almost painfully. I ignored that, wiggled in my seat, sipped my wine and watched him more. at one stage he caught my eye and we both smiled at each other. A few minutes later, the opening of the dance floor (which I un-tragically had missed) caused an exodus of people leaving their tables to go dance. My gentlemen stayed. I gulped my wine and stood up. Too quickly, unfortunately, and a few heavy drops of pee escaped, I felt their warm wetness against my crotch. and stood still. to enjoy the sensation as much as I could, I think I even closed my eyes a second or two. But I also stood still as I was NOT yet ready to let the rest go and especially not here~!

I walked over once I was in control again, and sat next to my new friend. he looked up, a little surprised as I sat down. I smiled and introduced myself, explaining I was a cousin but removed in some way as it was through a second marriage or something. he smiled back and said he was the uncle, and sadly, he was not in any way removed. I giggle. he seemed quite happy to have me next to him and he was really nice. nearly my dad's age, but nice. I worried his table would return, and when I learned he was alone there I asked if he wanted to join me at MY table as my companions were obviously not coming back. he shifted a little and as a fellow holder I recognised he was trying to decide if he could make it. then he turned and smiled and said sure. so I grabbed more wine and water and we walked over,. he sat next to me on the far side so we, as the last table could watch everyone else.

I sipped some wine, but he didn't. I wasn't sure what to say but I was kinda turned on and felt I needed to say something. so I sat a while, saying nothing. then suddenly I blurted out "any idea where the ladies is I am bursting?" He looked a little surprised, his eyebrows shot up and he stammered "no, no... um... sorry". I decided to take the bull by the horns. I looked him square in the eye and said "You men are SO lucky I mean if you need to you can kind of let go anywhere, just one part of your anatomy is involved..." then I sighed dramatically. "If I were a man I would hate to ever use a toilet..." and then I trailed off. he stared at me again but closer this time, as if really seeing me. he smiled widely - had he seen something in my face? and said "Well to be honest I do hate to use a toilet unless I have to."

Whew~! it was in the open sort of and I could feel my naughty smile start to spread across my face. "Really?" I asked. "Wow, that's awesome".

Less nervous now he turned to me. "But girls can also avoid toilets if they wish.."

"Yeah," I agreed nodding, a small frown on my brow as it always is when I am serious about something. "But it's harder for us, we do not pee as straight you guys, you know~! and... " I continued motioning to the balloon of frothy pink that was my dress. "THIS makes it a LOT harder..."

His eyes actually *****led. "well where there's a will there's a way..."he said lifting an eyebrow. I giggled, nodding, and we clinked glasses. He looked at me seriously for a moment. "However, young lady, I really DO need to go... if I wait much longer I won't make it."

"Make it to where?" I asked. he looked slightly nonplussed. I stared him in the eye and said. "Come on don't kid a kidder! You must have some idea, some nook or cranny picked out, right?"

His eyes registered a little shock before his smile widened. He nodded slightly, laughing softly. "You are a piece of work young lady. Very exciting. Yes, very exciting. well as it happens I do have a place picked out... but you have waylaid me so long I am worried I will make it now. " and his face grimaced slightly and I could see he was very desperate. It made me feel quite quite desperate too, and ever so turned on. But I knew though I might be desperate

I would still be able to walk wherever we needed to be. It was obvious he might not.

I leaned forward and whispered close to his ear. "How good are you at clenching mid flow?" I asked he didn't flinch this time he had obviously accepted I was onto him and that I obviously shared an interest. "Pretty good," he answered.

"Good," I whispered "because I would like to pee too, so why not go together?" I paused and gauged his reaction. a flush went across his face and he licked his lips, nodding almost grimly his eyes not leaving my face. "So, will you make it to the place you picked?"

He shook his head and grunted a bit, sending shivers of pleasure through me as I recognised that feeling from my own holding and it was so sexy watching someone else. "well» I said «you are going to let go a little then, but hey, don't you dare let it all go I am also desperate."

"Here?" he said in a strangled voice. I nodded brightly and assured him he would not be seen by anyone and I pointed to an empty pitcher, suggesting he use that, but again admonishing him not to let too much go. He nodded and agreed to just relieve the pressure. "But I will make a mess if I try to hold myself to regulate the flow and hold the pitcher..."he said. I offered to hold the pitcher and slid it under the table. I heard his zip over my heart beating, and then the tips of his fingers found mine and I moved the pitcher to below his hands, his hands showing me where his aim would be.

Wow~! when I heard the sound of pee in the pitcher I almost wet my own panties right there and then, but I controlled myself. True to his word he let a small amount go and I emptied it from the pitcher onto the grass and put it back on the table. I turned to him, my eyes bright, his cheeks flushed. "Feels SO good, doesn't it?" I asked , grinning. He nodded grinning back. we both drank two glasses of wine then agreed we both REALLY needed to go. Standing up I winced gosh my bladder was full!~!

Luckily the place he had picked was a little nook not too far from the dance floor, dark, but still with a hint of danger that someone could walk by. "I like to go on stone or cement," my new friend confided, and sure enough although there were plants along the sides, there was a nice square of cement ahead of us, with three steps leading down to it. I looked up at him. "I am so so sorry but I am quite desperate now, I have to have to have to let go, so you wanna go together or how?"

His eyes actually *****led and he smiled down at me. he was really quite tall as I am far from short. "No way, young lady, no way. I am NOT going to miss the opportunity to watch you... no way."I blushed slightly it's all good and well I had started this but I had not thought of the actual action. I bit my lip. I wanted to watch him pee, so could I then refuse to let watch him? NO, I decided so I nodded and he grinned broadly. I asked him to help me by hold the hoop of my skirt at the back as I sat down on the top step, legs akimbo, the NEED to pee overpowering now. He squatted behind me, holding my skirt so I would not wet it, and I felt more comfortable with the view that he would have from that angle. I was glad to see he was not perving, just really wanting to watch me pee.

I sat my warm bum on the cold cement step, feeling the cold thought the sheer white satin panties

I was wearing, not bothering to take them off, but pushing the thin crotch aside. then I threw my head back, eyes closed, hands on either side of my only half panty clad pussy, and let go, just a small satisfying squirt at all. I moaned as it escaped me, and my chest was heaving in delight at the joy of letting go. I waited a second or two for all the amazing sensations running through my body to calm down, and then I let go with full force. My chrystal clear pee literally squirted from me in a strong loudly hissing stream, landing two or three feet from me. My stream continued for what seemed like a long time and I wiggled once or twice, enjoying the feeling SO much I am sure my eyes were bright and my cheeks flushed.

At last, all too quickly, the stream wobbled and slowed and then stopped. I sighed softly with great pleasure. Then I wiggled my bum to shake of the last few drops. I did not want to be wet all night, so I used one finger to delicately shake loose some diehard heavy fat drops from my curly red pubes. I had decided to suck my finger dry rather than dry it anywhere on my fluffy dress, even though I am not generally into pee drinking. I had forgotten my aide until his hand reached out and he brought that finger to his mouth and without a word sucked it. It was so delightfully sensuous but not sexual, although his obvious enjoyment did thrill me. I smiled and he cupped my face. "THAT'" he said softly and earnestly "was amazing. Thank you."I smiled back. "hey don't thank me I wanna watch you now", I giggled.

And using his proffered arm to help me stand up. I stood beside him on the top step as he slowly unzipped. He allowed his half hard penis escape the hole made by his open zip, and taking both hands he held it in his hands. Then he also closed his eyes a second, and I saw a small spurt jump out, then stop. He opened his eyes, letting out a deep satisfied sigh that made me come out in Goosebumps and feel a flood of warmth flush my face. Then he relaxed and smiled at me and a steady stream came sizzling from him. I watched with awe at the distance his stream had. It was awesome watching him, and listening as his breathing changed, telling me how much he was loving this.

Hearing his obvious pleasure was heady. I watched a second or two before reaching gingerly out to touch his spurting cock. He did not move away so emboldened I slipped my hand around it. wow~! it was amazing to feel the pee make his cock move!~!! wow. His stream slowed and then also stopped and he cupped my hand over himself so he could shake. I noticed he was still semi hard, maybe harder than before and as my eyes met his he apologised.

"I am sorry, it's a normal reaction when an old bugger like me realises a lovely young lady like you is holding his penis in her hand... I really am sorry though..." he seemed so embarrassed. I laughed softly and said it was okay, after all it was a very erotic shared experience. We walked back just chatting in general, bladders no longer full, having shared a very special moment without having made it too sexual. We chatted all night, and we both held and peed again, finding a different nook this time. This time he was less hard when I held him, but there was still sexual tension between us. When it was time for me to go I reached out and squeezed his hand, feeling a little sad. "Thanks for the most fun I have ever - EVER - had at a wedding," I said.

"You too, young lady," he answered. "You were like some dream come true, and it was very nice. Very very nice. and, sorry to admit, but this was very much a turn on for an old man like me. Tonight in bed I may just think naughty thoughts about you..."I giggled madly and told him he was welcome to do that, and then cheekily added that hey I might have similar thoughts about him. he looked at me a long time and then admitted that he was sure the next day he would convince himself he had dreamed all of this, as things like this do not happen.

Especially to old men like him. As he said that I quietly slid my hands under the table and slipped off my sheer white very damp satin panties and laid them in his lap. he looked down, startled, saw what was there and looked up at me again. "Those will remind you this DID happen and that I AM real," I said softly. He seemed to get a tear in his eye but I might be mistaken, and he slid them into his jacket pocket. I stood up and hugged him tightly. He kissed the top of my head and then I let go and walked out to my car.

All in all that was, I think, the best wedding ever - aside from the frothy pink dress, lol~!!~!

