/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-2/38281/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 2

4th November 2009, 02:52 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

After eating the pizza and Carley and Ned had drank thier soda we played a game with them. Then we all sort of rough housed with them both. Then Ned and Carley went back to thier parents bedroom to watch tv leaving Luise and I alone to clean up. We cleaned up the mess in the kitchen and livingroom. We sat down and played a single game of cards and had another beer while we played.

We then went to the parents bedroom to check on Carley and Ned and both of them were on the verge of falling asleep. So Luise picked up Ned and I picked up Carley. Luise took ned to his room and I took Carleys to hers. I got hooked into reading her a bedtime story which I didn't mind doing at all. She was sound asleep before I got a quarter of the way into reading the story.

I slipped quietly out of her room and went back to the kitchen. Luise was already done with Ned and she was sitting on the couch in the livingroom waiting for me. So I went in and joined her on the couch. She hd a unopened can of beer waiting for me. I opened it and took a sip and she had one already opened. We sat there talked for several minutes and then she turned on the tv.

As we went on now watching tv we aslo went on talking too. Luise brought up the subject about my scars when I got burned on my legs by grease and I had skin grafts done on my legs as a result of the severe burns. I told her that the scars were still there but not as large when she last saw them. Luise said to me laughing slightly; Come on I want to see them! I told her no. Oh come on! she said back tto me again.

So I stood up in front of her unbuckled my belt,popped the snap on my jeans and pulled the zipper down on them and slid my jeans down to my knees. Luise looked at my legs seeing that the scars were much smaller told me so. They have shrunk quite a lot! she said to me. Then I pulled my jeans back up as she said to me next. You know you were oh so lucky that your cok and balls didn't get burned. I laughed and told her that I had been luck about that.

As I started sliding my jeans back up Luise asked me with my scars and all did I ever grow any pubic hair. I stopped sliding my jeans up at that point and I stared at her for just a moment. Then I answered her in a way that made her laugh hard. No I'm not a mexican hairless! I went on sliding my jeans up taing care of my zipper,snap,and belt.

Then I sat back down on the couch. Luise then got up and took off her blue sweater for it was warm there in the trailer. Under the sweater she had on a matching grey halter top. It was tight on her which now with the top being tight it took on the shape of her breasts. They were very full,round, and her nipples pointed right out big time! She tossed her blue sweater over on the chair and then plopped herself down right on my lap.

When Luise plopped herself down on my lap one of her breasts hit my glasses knocking them off from my face. Hey watch out you almost poked my eye out with one of those! I said to her. Laughing she said Sorry! She gave me a hug and then and wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me a quick kiss and she also moved her ass around in my lap getting a little more comfortible on my lap.

Do you acept my apology? she asked me smiling. I s,iled and told her yes that I do. Another part off me was accepting her too for with her sitting on my lap and her ass rubbing around my cock was starting to stiffen up. Luise gave no indication that she was feeling it happening. We then started fooling around just a little with her trying to tickle me which any spot that she tried so far hadn't worked. She though was very ticklish any where that I tickled her.

That made her squirm around more as we went along making my cock fully erect inside my jeans in no time. Luise went on trying to tickle me. She went to my knees and tried there. I didn't laugh. So then she started sliding her hands up my thighs tickling them as she went up them. I still wasn't laughing. As she got almost to the top of my thighs I gave myself away! I clamped my thighs hard to gether pinning her hand betwen them so she no longer move her hand.

Luise let out a loud short laugh first. Then she loudly and excitedly; AHA! I know where you are ticklish now! With saying that she really shoved her hand hard forward up into my crotch. Then she tickled the crotch of my jeans right where my balls are and I burst into laughter saying to her at the same time; OK! OK! YOu FOUND IT! YOU FOUND IT! We both went on ticling each other making a lot of loud laughter. WE did stop remembering the kids were asleep so we stopped.

As soosn as we had stopped our tickling Luise said to me; Lets go outside I have to piss now with all that tickling you did to me. I said back to her. Well that might be only part of it but I'm sure it is the beer too. Luise told me I was right as she got up from the couch. I got up and we walked out the front door went down the steps and walked back to the metal wash basin in the yard.

Now that it was dark the light opn the power pole shone brightly so there was going to be no problem seeing at all. Luise turned and faced me and started sliding down her grey sweatpants over her hips. As she was doing this I told het that I had to piss too. Luise smiled and said to me; Good now I'm going to see your quipment again! Plus I'll see that your not hairless! I laughed ad she pulled down her grey sweat pants again right down to her ankles. I noticed that the crotch of them had a small darker spot in it but I didn;t say anythging to Luise right then.

She again got into a high hovering squat with her ass over the basin. Then she said to me; Come over here mister and I'll take care of you! So I stepped over in front of her and stood about two fet away. Luise reached right over and very quickly took care of my belt,snap and zipper. Then in one quick fast pull she pulled my jeans and boxers down over my hips and had them at my knees.

First words out of her moouth were; You do have hair! I did which was above my penis, beside the start of my shaft, went all around it and then there was some on my balls too! AAll of it was very long which Luise said it was long as she looked me over. Seeing my cock being fully erect she even told me it was a lot bigger then she ever remembered! I laughed thinking to myslef it has been a long time when she last saw it.

Then Luise reached right over and held my cock pushing down some so I could piss in the wash basin tub. She raised her ass up some more so I could see her piss. Now I told her that her sweatpants had a small wet spot. Luise didn't look down at them but she did say tome; Oh I pissed just a little when you were tickling me! Plus my pussy is a little wet not from pissing either!

That made me look right at her pussy which her clit was puffed right up and her pussy glistened in the light. It was wet! It looked like with our tickling that had turned Luise on! I asked her and she giggled and told me it had! She then let go of my cock stood right up and raised her grey halter top right over her breasts! Now with her breasts bared she said to me; See even my nipples are stiff andhard too from it! They were too as I looked at them.

Then Luise got back in a high hover agin took my cock in her hand getting it position so that I could piss and she satarted pissing right then first! Thiis piss her piss stream just gushed right out of her pussy. There was a wide stream that sorted of twisted but not all that well. Big droplets of piss came off from her stream spraying every which way. But all her piss droplets did follow her stream down into the basin.

Her piss splashed loudly in the basin and the droplest that were following her stream some of them hit the water while some of the others drummed on the side of the metal basin that were hitting there. After Luise had pissed five seconds or so I started pissing. Out from the slit opening of my cock I had a real wide head at the start of my stream. It went right into a very long twist that reached into the basin but not the water in the basin. Now the splashing became much louder that now both of were pissing into it.

As we both pissed Luise was slowly moving my ock over without realizing she was moving it. I wasn't paying attention to my stream either for my eyes were right on her pissing pussy. When my stream did slide over all of a sudden there was a big splattering splash of piss when my stream hit her stream! Luise let out a short but loud scream for some of the splattering piss had hit her and she quickly shoved my ock down hard making my stream drop down real afst no longer going in the wash basin but hitting the outsiode of it making another biug splash which splattered both of us!

Luise panicked letting go of my cock! With her letting go of it and no longer being held down and being erect my ock sprang upward real fast! My stream raised up as my ock sprang up! My stream hit Luise first on her crotch traveled up her pussy,bare belly splashed of her exposed tits before she ducked down which my stream went arcing over her head!

I reacted right after my stream was shooting over her head by grabbing my ock and shoving it to the right so my stream wasn't shooting over her head but now was off to the side behind her landing in the grass wetting it. Luise was only silent for a very short time. Then she started to laugh saying to me; I know I need a shower but getting one that way I wasn't quite expecting. Now I will have to take a shower when we go in. She paused being silent for a few short seconds. Then she asked me; Want to join me? I said Sure very excitedly back to her.

Then we went back watching each other piss. Now by this time as far as Luise her stream stopped its spraying. Her stream had thinned down and was going straight down into the basin now hising softly too. I was still pissing hard with my stream still off to the right landing in the grass behind Luise. So what I did was push my ock down so that my stream came back across the grass and was wetting the grass now off to the right in front of the basin.

Then I moved my ock over and up just a little and I was agin pissing in the basin but missing her piss stream. Luise now was having her piss comming to its end. It had thinned right down, its soft hissing had stopped and she then had it stop and did one very weak spurt and she was done. Then she said to me; Let me try again. Are you sre you can do it? I said back to her in a teasing tone of voice. YES I AM SURE! Luise said back to me and she reached right over taking a hold of my cock in her hand and I let go with mine.

Luise this time had no more accidents. She evn waited after I had stopped to see if I would do any spurts which I did several short ones. She didn't shake me after I had done my spyrts. BUt she stepped forward and carefully holding my ock let it rise up on its own till it was in its full upright position. Then she let go of it and she slipped my boxers and jeans up and then she just zipped up my jeans only. You can stay that way untill we shower. It will be easier for me to strip you down!

Then what Luise did she justslipped her grey sweatpants off nad she laso took her grey halter top right off! She hung them over her arm grabbed my hand and we went inside the front door and went straight to the bathroom together. There she stripoped me down took her clothes put them in the washer making sure that the washer was set on mini,and cold water. Then w got in the shower together and got ready to take a shower. To be continuied.

