Initiating Jasmine (FFFM, first time, pissing orgasms, tasting, showers)

10th March 2016, 07:57 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

WARNING: If you want some short, hormone-induced fantasy that is seriously lacking on details, then this isn't the story for you. But if you want to read about how two very real, attractive young women and their supportive hubby initiated a 22-year old super hottie into the finer arts of pee playthen get comfortable, and keep reading.

###

True Story: Initiating Jasmine (PART ONE)

BACKGROUND ...

I'm 32 and married to a wonderful man, but also have a permanent live-in girlfriend, Kerry (who is 31). We're a happy, polyamorous triad. But on occasion, we also welcome other girls in for some fun along the way. There was one who came along this past December who totally rocked my world: Jasmine.

Jasmine was my massage therapist one evening. She's 22 years old, and is easily one of the hottest girls I've ever been with (and I've been with A LOT of girls). She has penetrating eyes that suck you in. Skin that is so soft and inviting. A body that is tight and firm, with well-defined abs. Even things like her nipples, ass, and pussy are simply perfect. She's truly a dark-haired beauty, and I feel incredibly lucky to say that she's now living with us.

She's also got a wild streak to her, which is goodsince pee play isn't the only crazy thing that we're into. We also love casual nudity, and have visited a large nudist resort in the Caribbean several times. Our most recent trip was just a couple of weeks ago, and Jasmine went with us. We had enjoyed quite a lot of sex before the trip. And yet, there was one thing she hadn't done with us yet, but she'd to now that she's living with us: pee play. And this trip was our chance to initiate her.

SETTING THE STAGE ...

The night beforehand, the four of us were sitting in the sand on the beach under the moonlight and we told Jasmine that we had a special surprise for her the next day. She wasn't sure whether she should be scared or excited, so I asked her what kind of kinky sex she ever got into. She shared that most of the guys were pretty tame, because nothing ever lasted long enough to get crazy. But she did live with one guy for a nearly a year, and things got a little wild since they were constantly around each other. So «he explored every inch of me» is what Jasmine said, and shared that they tried things like anal sex.

I asked her if they ever got into any kind of pee play. She laughed at first, primarily out of embarrassment, but realized that she could certainly talk freely. She shared that since they were always around each other, he made it clear that he liked to watch her pee. So she let him watch her many times, often when she was trying to seduce him.

I asked her if they'd ever peed on each other, to which she said they hadn'tand then after a moment of hesitation, she asked: «What are you getting at? Are you guys into that kind of stuff? Because if so, I'm totally fine with it of course.» I smiled when she said «of course,» knowing that she had no idea what she was getting herself into.

So Kerry and I explained everything to her: how I initially got into pee play with my first girlfriend, how I got into doing it in conjunction with my own masturbation purely (ok, mostly) by accident, and then how I got Kerry and others involved as well. She was intrigued, and listened intently. I even shared with her that since we force fluids so much, and it's so diluted, that it's basically like spraying out hot waterso we're not afraid to taste it.

She laughed a little, but not in a way like she was disgusted or anything. More like, she was awestruck. So I told her that we'll show her the next day. I assured her that we won't pressure her at all to do anything she doesn't want to. But, if she's going to live with us, we at least need to be free to do what we like to without hiding it from her. She totally agreed 100%, and said she was excited to learn something new.

GETTING STARTED ...

When we got up that morning, we were all a bit giddy. As we enjoyed some Caribbean coffee, fruit, and other little breakfast items, we told Jasmine that it was time to start forcing fluids. «Already?» she asked. Oh yes, most certainly. So Kerry, Jasmine, and I all got started. This early, we began with lots of water, fruit juice, and some more coffee. Later, we also added in some diet sodas.

We started the day simply by laying out in the sun - enjoying our private fenced-in patio area, and small dipping pool. Since we were forcing fluids so much, I was the first to have to pee. At least Jasmine hadn't said anything yet, although she was starting to fidget so I knew she needed to go also. So I used this as an opportunity to help increase her comfort level with peeing around us, since it's not something she had done before.

I looked over at her, and said: «As you keep forcing fluids, you're going have to pee quite often as it works its way through you. So when you have to go, I want you to just let it go right out here. You can sit up, stand up, or sit off to the side of your chair - whatever you want to do. But we have to be able to watch you piss.»

And then I stood up, right next to her, spread my legs apart and pissed all over the patio beneath us. She was laughing hysterically, but then admitted that she also needed to pee. «Is it OK if I just lay back and let it go? I think that'll be easier for me than doing it standing up like that at first.»

I agreed that'd be fine. So she scooted her tender little ass a little further down the seat, and then opened her legs widely as she closed her eyes. She couldn't go at first, so we encouraged her and let her take her time. Finally, a little trickle came out and then she let it flow. It was a beautiful thing. And then it was Kerry's turn.

About a half-hour later, we all had to pee again. And this time, Jasmine did it standing up and wasn't afraid to give us a show. To me, this was proof enough that she was now ready: it was time for the clinic to begin.

PISSING ORGASMS ...

We started out by having her watch me masturbate Kerry. And our wonderful, loving husband eagerly stepped into his role as water boy, and then eventually towel boy. It's not glamorous work, but he gets front-row tickets to the best show in town. So he's more than happy to oblige.

As I was fingering Kerry, and trying to rub her clit at the same time, I knew that the extra set of hands would help. But not from our husband. It was time for Jasmine to get in on the action. So I asked her to come help me. While I continued to finger Kerry, I asked Jasmine to begin rhythmically rubbing her clit from side-to-side. It wasn't long after that when Kerry began to tense up, and breathe more heavily. I knew she was close. I told Jasmine not to stop no matter what happened. It was time for her to feel the rush of Kerry's piss spraying past her fingertips.

Suddenly Kerry tensed up, moaned loudly, and as she climaxed, she released her bladder - spraying her piss out with great force. And Jasmine squealed with excitement as Kerry's hot spray got all over me, the floor, and the wall beyond us. Kerry pissed for quite a while, until she was empty.

I would have loved to catch it in my mouth, but wanted to ease Jasmine into this. After all, this wasn't just about me. This was a teaching moment. Once I noticed that some of Kerry's pee had pooled up into the palm of my hand, I held it up for Jasmine to see and then licked the pee out of my hand. Jasmine smiled, so she was definitely into this. I encouraged her to try licking her fingers if she also wanted to try it. But she was still hesitant. No problem. We'll get there.

«It's your turn now, Jasmine.» I told her. Kerry sat down next to her on the floor, while I sat down right between her legs. It allowed Kerry to have just the right positioning to rub her clit, as I was ideally located to finger her. We talked her through every step - encouraging her to relax, and to hold in her bladder no matter how desperate she may feel.

«But I really have to go. Like now,» she said. I assured her that I know exactly how she feels, but she needs to keep holding it in, relax, breathe, and let the orgasm come. As she got close to climaxing, she moaned out: «I'm gettingreally close. Almost there. I don't know if I can pee, though, too. Not on you at least. Move out of the way.»

I told her there was no chance that I'd move, and that she needs to let it flow. All over me. I urged her to force it out, in conjunction with her orgasm. And right as I was starting to say that, she tensed up and I knew she was there so I ordered her: «You need to piss. Force it out. Pee all over me. Just do it.»

And then of a sudden, the first squirt came out, which was followed by a longer spray up onto my chest. I could tell that she was right in the middle of her orgasm as she did it, so I quickly spread her legs as wide as I could and with one fluid motion I moved my face down closer to her pussy so that I could receive her piss directly into my mouth. I only got a little bit, but her eyes were open when it happened and that stopped her short.

TO BE CONTINUED ...

