A Wondeful Night Becomes a Weekend Chapter 2

3rd August 2011, 11:07 AM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

As before the names in this story have been purposefully left out, To protect the innocent and to allow you the reader to put whosoever name in you chose.

They walked down into the kitchen still naked from their shower, Luckily the coffee she had put on earlier hadn't boiled dry but certainly was well stewed. She turned and said to him.

« You doing the breakfast or stripping the bed.» It only took him a moment to think about it.

« Give me the frying pan.» He said. He looked at her and smiled,

« Well a frying pan I know how to use but a man knowing how a washing machine works. Come on think about it.» He laughed. She threw him an apron.

«Better put this on,» she said, « Don't want any fat splashing that lovely dick I got plans for that later.»

She turned and padded out the kitchen, He watched as she disappeared out the kitchen marvelling at the swing of her hips and the shape of her bum. Like two ferrets in a sack was a saying that sprang to mind. He thought about how lucky he was to have met this wonderful lady, and as he thought about her images from last night and this morning came into his mind. He felt his dick start to swell. So quickly slipped the apron over his head and tied it behind him. Looking down he laughed at the sight of his dick making the front of the apron stand out like a tent. Giving himself a shake he started to get everything he needed for breakfast from the fridge. Soon all that could be heard from the kitchen was the sound of the coffee bubbling away in the corner and bacon frying in the pan. The smell of which soon spread around the house.

Upstairs she soon had the wet sheets stripped from the bed and the wet duvet cover and pillow slips off as well, Thank the heavens for the mattress, duvet and pillow protectors she had bought at his suggestion a few weeks before, they had certainly come in handy and by the way things were going they would be in use again later that very day. She quickly remade the bed leaving the duvet turned back to give the bed a bit of an airing, Bundled up the wet bedding and took it down to what she laughingly called her laundry all it was in fact a wee box room just off the kitchen with just enough room for a washing machine and a tumble drier. But it meant that with the door shut the noise of the washer or drier didn't annoy you when you were watching telly or such.

She threw the wet bedding down onto the floor while she emptied the washer and put the washing from earlier into the drier so it could be drying as the bedding was being washed. Looking down at the pile of wet bedding an idea came to her. In keeping with the rule of not using the toilet for peeing in this weekend, she stood with her legs either side of the pile on the floor. She ran her hands down the front of herself rubbing her nipples so they kind of vibrated slightly as her hands passed over them, she felt them harden under her hands so rolled them between her fingers for a moment before carrying on down to her tummy.

She bent forward slightly looking down between her breasts and realised that by pushing her hips forward slightly and also pressing in on her tummy with her hands she could see most of her pussy. She strained gently and started to pee at first the stream wasn't strong and just ran from between her lips and down the inside of her thigh but soon enough the stream strengthened and started to spray in a slight forward arch onto the pile of dirty washing at her feet.

She couldn't resist it and slid one of her hands down into the stream. Sliding her two middle fingers into her self she shuddered as she felt the hot pee hit the palm of her hand and bounce back against her clit. All to soon the pee came to a stop. It had not been long since they had peed in the shower after all. Feeling incredibly horny she quickly dried herself off with what must have been the only dry bit of sheet left. And put the now soaking sheets into the washer and turned it on. Even then because of the shaking of her legs she had to take a minuet before she was able to make her way back to the kitchen.

She stood and leant against the door jam watching her man as he went about putting the finishing touches to breakfast. She noticed he had not been idle while she had been gone doing the laundry. The table was set, Toast in the rack with butter and marmalade on the table and two tall glasses of orange juice either side of the place settings. He was at the cooker his back towards her. She watched him for a while.

Loving the way his muscles rippled on his back as he held the frying pan in one hand while turning the food in it with his other. She walked up behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist under the apron pressing her breasts into his back and her cheek against his spine she cupped his balls with one hand as she stroked his semi hard dick with her other. He pushed back against her and she felt his back vibrate slightly as a growl escaped him. His dick started to grow to its full glory, and as she rubbed her thumb over the tip she could feel it was slippery and wet from either where he had peed earlier of from a wee bit of pre cum leaking from it.

Putting the frying pan and spatula down he turned in her arms and putting a hand on each of her shoulders pushed her off of him. Holding her at arms length he looked first at her face then let his gaze go on down her body. She had a delightful look on her face, her eyes were smiling up at him as well as her mouth, her nipples were rock hard, sticking out like two bullets from her full firm breasts and he could make out a dribble of pussy juice running down her thigh in the sunshine coming in through the windows, her pussy was swollen and her inner lips protruding and glistening in the same sunshine.

«Enough of this for a while,» he said «breakfast is nearly ready. Go and get yourself sat down and I'll bring it over.» He span her round by her shoulders and giving her a slap on the bum sent her over to the table.

Soon the food was ready. She didn't realise how hungry she was until he bought the plates over and even then she didn't think that she would be able to eat it all. On her plate in front of her was what he laughingly called a full English. There was bacon, sausage, black pudding, mushrooms, beans, fried bread and an egg, As she started eating he went and poured two big mugs of steaming coffee and brought them over to the table then sat down opposite her. Neither of them said anything for a while just sat and eat looking into each others eyes. That was until she reached for the orange juice and lifted it to her lips, she noticed an intense look come over his face as she took her first mouthful. Immediately she recognised the taste. « Mmm» she said « Pee flavoured orange juice I could definite get used to this»

«Well» he said, «As we agreed not to use the loo for peeing in all weekend I had to pee somewhere» They both laughed out loud and took large swallows of the juice at the same time.

Surprising even herself she found that she had finished all the food on her plate and even a couple of pieces of toast. All the love making from the night before and this morning had made them even more hungry than they realised.

Then they talked for a while laying out what they wanted to do that day.

It was agreed that for the first part of the day it was going to be her choice as to what they did, As last night most of the wet fun they had done was his fantasy's and all she had done was to follow his lead except for when she had sat on his lap in the pub garden. She told him that one thing she often did at home, since he had turned her on to peeing with his emails and chat. Was to try and hold it for as long as she could because she had found out she loved the feeling of having a full bladder while she went about her daily chores. The only thing she had never done was to take it any further as she had always gone and sat on the loo and stroked her clit when the dam burst, but she had never thought to wet her clothes as she had when sitting on his lap last night and had never had the nerve to go out and about while playing a desperation game, So it was agreed they would go out this morning just wandering about the town and doing a bit of shopping and see what developed.

Before they left the kitchen and went and got dressed for the days play they both had another coffee and finished off the juice smiling broadly at each other as they drank the mix of his pee and fresh orange juice, he also turned the telly on for a moment and checked the weather forecast. They were in luck it was going to be a lovely warm early summers day with temperatures forecast to be around 23 or 4 degree's centigrade. Mid to late 70's for those who work in proper temp reading's. They quickly tidied up the breakfast things putting the dirty dishes and stuff into the dishwasher and cleaned down the work surfaces then arm in arm went back upstairs to get dressed. But before he had a chance to get any of his clothes on she stopped turned around and holding both his hands looked up into his eyes and asked. «Do you think you can just have one squirt of pee and manage to stop mid flow.»

« I think so,» he replied « Why?»

« Because I want to have one last taste of your pee and also share a loving pissy kiss before we go out. So I want you to give me a quick mouthful and I'll do the same for you then we can get dressed and go out.»

With that she knelt down in front of him and took the tip of his dick into her mouth, he strained for a bit then felt the pee start to flow up his dick. As soon as he felt it coming out the end he struggled to stop the flow finding it quite difficult once he started but managing not to let too much go. She quickly got up sat on the edge of the bed and opened her legs and pulled his face down to her waiting pussy as soon as she felt his lips seal over it she pushed and sent a welcome squirt of pee into his mouth he swallowed a bit but kept the rest in his mouth then pulling her up he started to kiss her, sealing his lips to hers, their tongues danced around each others mouths.

The pee they were holding in their mouths mingling. They held each other tight and kissed until there was no more pee left most of it swallowed but some escaping and running down their chests, mixed with their spit it formed a slippery layer between their bodies so they were sliding against each other while they kissed and ground their bodies together. The kiss seemed to go on for ever but all to soon she pulled away and quite breathless sat back on the bed looking up at him. Her gaze left his face and slowly travelled down his body his chest and belly shone in the morning sun and glimmered as he tried to get his breathing under control and when her gaze landed on his dick she could see it standing proud a drop of clear pre come gathering on the very tip before finally the throbbing caused it to slide down towards his tight ball bag.

She licked her lips her eyes narrowing as she bought her hand up and gripped her wet breast in her hand. An electric shock of pleasure flew up her spine and back down to her gaping pussy. She looked back up at him. He was gripping his bottom lip with his teeth his hands in tight clenched fists beside his body. She watched as his shoulders seemed to relax he stopped biting his lip and a smile came across his face as he finally managed to get his emotions under control.

She wanted him so badly at that moment her heart pounded in her chest, her stomach was in knots and she felt as if she could feel every nerve in her body tingling with want. He then turned and walked out the room. She heard the tap running in the bathroom and then he walked back into the room and back over to the bed. He had a warm damp flannel in one hand and a towel in the other. He knelt at her feet and lovingly wiped her down before drying her with the towel. Taking her by the hands he gently pulled her to her feet and said,» Come on time to get dressed or we wont have a chance for you to have some desperation fun.»

With that he turned and went over to his bag and pulled out some swimming trunks a clean pair of shorts and vest, he also pulled out a shirt from his bag and rolled it up ready to put in a carry bag to change into later.

She sat back down on the bed watching him as he fiddled about in his bag for the clothes he was going to wear that day. Her hand still gripped her breast which she was massaging gently as if not even noticing what she was doing, her mind going over what had just happened. For some reason she felt that last kiss had been the most amazing kiss she had ever had. It was if something had burst inside her causing her to melt inside. Her nerves were still tingling and she could feel the juices still flowing from her swollen pussy. She moved her hand down from her breast and cupped it over her pussy and sure enough could feel the juices pooling under her bum, she scooped some up and bought her fingers up to her mouth and licked them clean.

It tasted so sweet she had to have more so again scooped her fingers in the wetness between her legs. All the time she was doing this her mind was going over the past five minutes. It couldn't be love could it? She wondered to herself, they had only been together twice really although they had got to know each other really well over the last few months via the phone and emails. Or was it just because of what they had been doing together was such a very personal thing sharing pee. She made a choice then not to worry what it was they had together and just to let it develop. She shook herself out of her revelry and again concentrated on watching him. He was just pulling up his shorts over that sexy tight bum of his, it was then she noticed the swimming trunks.

Putting the swimmers on under his shorts he then pulled the vest on over his head and turned to look at her. She had a curious look on her face.

«Why the trunks?» she asked .

«Because I thought we could run down to the coast after we have finished shopping and take a walk along the beach if it's going to be as nice as they say on the weather forecast.»

« Have you got a costume?» He asked.

«Yes I have» she replied.

«Which kind have you got bikini or one piece.» He asked.

«I've got both why?» she replied.

«Good put the one piece on under your clothes and it'll serve 2 purposes»

«What's that?» She said.

«1 It'll be awkward for you to take off to have a pee so you will have to hold it until we either find somewhere for you to get naked to pee or you'll just have to hold it till you can't hold it any longer.

2 I've half remembered a wee swimming hole in the stream that runs down to the sea near where I thought we could go, and just in case there's anybody there we can still go for a swim»

It was his turn to watch as she went about finding things to wear. He was still feeling somewhat bewildered on how he had found the strength to stand back and get dressed instead of leaping on her as he so badly wanted to do after that last kiss. As this thought crossed his mind he remembered the sense of togetherness he had felt and the way it had made his dick feel. It had felt like his dick was made of steel and the way it had throbbed all they way down to his ass. He could not remember feeling that way since he had been a teenager kissing and cuddling in the back row of his local cinema. He smiled as he remembered those times. The first time he had felt a girls breast over her shirt of course. If only he had known then what he knew now about the female anatomy and how to make a woman come he would have made a lot of girls very happy. But back to watching his lady

She was bent over rummaging in the bottom draw hunting for her swimming costume, legs slightly apart her ass facing him. He looked intently at her pussy and ass. He loved the way her inner lips were shaped and coloured, Hanging slightly proud of her outer lips they were a lovely dark pink her clit still stood proud the tip glistening in the sunlight, Her outer lips still swollen causing her pussy to gape slightly so he could make out the opening to her vagina. God how he wanted to go over kneel behind her and plunge his tongue into her. But knew that they would never get out of the house if he did, and he so wanted her to experience her fantasy of being so desperate. So standing up he put his shirt for later into a carrier bag with some towels and stood and waited for her to get ready.

She slipped her costume on and and chose a long light summer dress to put on over it .It was elasticated at the top and gripped her breasts lightly showing them off nicely even though the tightness of her costume flattened them out slightly, it flared slightly at the waist and hung down nearly to her ankles. She had thought about wearing something much shorter but was still a bit shy about anybody seeing that she had wet herself so had plumbed for the longer one, but rolled up a pair of shorts and blouse to put on later.

Turning she walked across the room towards him put her spare clothes in the same bag as his took him by the hand and out and down the stairs. They took a couple of cool bottles of water from the fridge for later and drunk a couple as well. Before walking out the house and into their car. He noticed she had put a couple of extra towels on the back seat.»To protect the seats later» She had explained smiling. With that their bladders filling nicely they set off for the days outing.

Which about I shall soon be writing lol. As always may all that's good watch over you and yours. All the best Smokie.

