The Farmer's Daughters, chap 8

5th June 2005, 06:30 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the next chapter about Linda and her daughters. As always feedback is really helpfull. Let me know what you think.

The final two chapters are already written. Chapter 11 is still up in the air. Let me know what it should be about. I'm thinking it may be about Julie and some of her friends. Julie works as a bartender in a very hot night club. All the "hottie's" in town hang out there and a few of them have some interesting habits. Julie thinks what they do is "cool".

The Farmer's Daughters Part 8

The summer was passing almost to quickly. The girls had gone camping a few times and Lisa seemed to go to the beach a lot. She still hadn't thought much about a real job, instead, she was borrowing money from her mother. Ginger wasn't working yet either, the weather was to nice to allow for working and she thought she would go without a job, as long as she could. The girls were thankful that their father had provided so well for them, though they missed not having a dad around. Linda was bored as well, constantly thinking about that itch down there. Roger helped a little and she really liked teasing him, but she wanted more. Carol was a great help and she was thankful that the two of them were doing more together. Tonight they had planned dinner out and then some time at a new nightclub. Neither of them had ever been and Carol said, «You're going to love this one.»

By early evening Ginger and Lisa were stationed in front of the television while Linda was in her room getting ready. She felt like being sexy and decided to dress the part choosing a printed sleeveless evening dress that ended above her knees. Wanting something special for underwear she choose a pair of seamed stockings to go with her cream colored, control panty and matching bra. Linda selected a garter belt from her dresser and a new pair of beige heels that she'd purchased from Roger just last week. She spent the next half hour in front of the mirror in her underwear applying her makeup until she felt confident enough to put on her dress and model in front of the girls.

Linda stopped to pick up Carol at her house. Carol was smartly dressed in a similar outfit, having already discussed what they were going to wear. They drove together to Ollie's for dinner because that way they could talk a little and it would be more convenient. A quiet meal and at least four glasses of wine into a conversation, Carol broke their final destination to Linda.

«It's way out on the edge of town and a little bit of a roadhouse, but a lot of fun. Marilyn claims that it's a real mix of people and really a ball. Bye the way, she said, she'll meet us there. Be prepared, some of her friends are real tramps. I hope we didn't overdress. We should be a real hit and Lord knows we need it. Let's finish our wine and go.»

Following Carol's directions took about an hour until they reached what could only be described as a large, old, run down building along the highway. Judging from all the cars and noise from inside the place, this could wind up being quite an evening. Linda parked the car and quickly got out. She hadn't peed at Ollie's and the wine was really affecting her bladder. She fumbled with the keys, waiting for Carol, while at the same time slightly and inadvertently spreading her legs. Relaxing for a second, she got that tingle as she felt her pee exit her pussy flaps and then suddenly felt the crotch of her panties go all hot. «There, that felt better», and thinking again, «it doesn't even feel like my stockings are wet.» Together they walked to the entrance. Her panties felt moist and with all the excitement, seemingly being generated from inside the club maybe even comfortably wet.

«Hi sis,» Marilyn was standing next to a table of her friends near the front door. The room was darkened and it took Carol and Linda a second to adjust to the light. Marilyn had heard Carol talk about this beautiful blond on numerous occasions and it all appeared to be true. She was very pretty, with quite a body and long legs that were a lot longer in those heels. The two would fit in with the group nicely. «Hi, I'm Marilyn, I've heard so many nice things about you» and they stepped forward together immediately touching cheeks.

Linda waited for the introductions from around the table and because of the noise, remembering only Kristen. Marilyn was very pretty and also quite tall. Her heels must have made her just close to 5'11". She was wearing a pair of black capris pants that looked like they were glued on. She had the ass for them to. Linda could clearly see the outline of a string panty through her tight pants. The panel of her panty being just as evident in front as it was from the rear. She wore a sleeveless, lace blouse that hung just below her tummy and with her long jet-black hair simply looked gorgeous. Most would refer to her as a 'raven haired beauty.' Linda felt something run down her left leg and into her heeled shoe. Her ass crack felt warmer to. The flow increased and then slowed. No one noticed.

«Would you guys excuse us for a second, we need the little girls room. Linda, let's go powder our nose's.» Carol took Linda by the arm and they walked towards the ladies powder room. «God, did you notice those guys. I swear Marilyn always dresses like she 'needs it'. Well this is the place where it can happen. I really need to pee. What about you?»

They both entered cubicles. For Linda, though, it was a little late and she only pulled up the front of her dress to blot her panties with tissue. She looked at her front and realized that she was quite wet and the stain was already taking on that yellow tinge. The high water mark was at least an inch up past her double crotch band in front. Oh well, there was no need to bother pulling her «undies» and garter belt down now. She left the stall after pinching her panties loose from her butt and stood at the mirror with her legs spread a little checking her lipstick. Carol joined her as they made their plans.

By the end of an evening of dancing, with wine and wine coolers all of the girls at the table were feeling pretty relaxed. The guys were giving them all kinds of attention and a couple of the girls drifted off with them while other men sat down at their table. Marilyn had just returned from the dance floor and Linda caught her standing in just the right light to notice that the insides of her pant legs seemed wet.

She looked even closer and realized that she wasn't the only one that was wetting her pants. Marilyn's crotch was circled in wetness. The stain extended all around the crotch of her string panties. When she paused at the table Linda saw her relax her posture and then thought she saw Marilyn's lips move, but she couldn't hear because of all the noise in the room. The words coming out looked something like «it's just to far». She also moved her right hand down and used the flat of her hand to cover her crotch. Hell, she was peeing in her pants even while she stood right there. Linda looked up and their eyes met.

Marilyn caught her staring and immediately realized that she needed to say something. She stopped what she was doing and sat down in the chair next to Linda. «I'm sorry, I just couldn't help it. Besides it's just to far to the bathroom. Come on, let's buy ourselves a class of wine». Marilyn reached for Linda's arm, stood up and walked with her towards the bar. «Carol says that you wet your pants sometimes to. I just can't help it and I guess I just conveniently forget to pee until it is to late. I can't count the times its happened and well, my friends just accept it. I hope it doesn't upset or offend you. You probably saw me wetting right now. I've just peed all down the insides of my legs and I'm sure that the last guy I danced with found out when he ran his finger along my bottom crack. Look he's staring at us right now.»

Linda looked across the room to a guy with a puzzled look on his face. She had seen it before. Roger usually got the same look. «Gee whiz Marilyn, don't worry about it, I don't care. Girls wet their pants all the time. It surely isn't something to get worried about. I have three daughters and it seems like they are always wetting their pants. I swear my oldest is the worst. Just the opposite of what you would expect. The other day I went into the laundry room to do the wash and it smelled like pee. It wasn't from just my under things either.» At that, they both started laughing and Linda felt a new release run down her legs and through her high heels. «At least you wore black pants tonight.»

«Yes, black gives me a chance to get away with more to. Frequently, I can just let go and know one even notices. The other day I was at the grocery in the produce section when the need suddenly came on me. I thought for sure I could wait until I left the store and went home. I was thinking again though, that I really should walk over to the ladies, but was just to lazy I guess and before I knew it, well I just did it. It happened while I pushed my grocery cart. As usual, my crotch just starts to get warm and wet, then out of reflex I just give in. I think a couple of people noticed to, but no one said anything. At least no one made eye contact with me. My black pants hid most of the evidence then to. I loved the thought of doing something that naughty in public. Wetting my pants and getting away with it makes me feel sexy. What about you?»

«I feel the same way. Look, your sister is motioning to us. Lets go back to the table.» Linda wondered if Marilyn suspected her own state as they walked over to Carol. She used her hand to smooth the rear of her dress, checking to see if she had stained it. Her panties must have soaked through to wet the back of her dress when she was sitting at the table and her nylons had to be badly streaked by now. She worried that the stain that surely must be on the back of her dress would give her away.

«Looks like you guys are getting along. What were you ladies talking about?' She really only needed to look at her sisters pants to have an idea. Marilyn had obviously wet her self. She could not miss the stain surrounding her pussy and stretching down the insides of her legs. «By the way sis, it looks like you got lost on the way to the bathroom».

They all laughed including Kristen who knowingly looked at Marilyn's pants. She'd seen her friend wet her pants so often that it was no big deal to see her this way. Marilyn always wore something sexy, even when Kristen stopped at her place to visit. To many times she'd seen a dry pee stain in her panties as she lounged around the house. A month or two ago they'd even gone to a biker outing and watched her friend casually pee in a pair of satin short shorts. No one had missed it then either. Marilyn could get away with stuff like that because she was that pretty and sexy. Her wet ass usually attracted a lot of attention with the guys. Some almost went nuts for her because of it.

«Oh Carol, it's just a little bit of an accident and you've done it too. Really, it's nothing to worry about. By the way, lets get out of here. Why don't we get something to eat at the restaurant next door?» Marilyn was looking for approval from the others as she reached for her purse and sweater.

Carol suggested that she and Linda could use a cup of coffee before driving home. The four of them left the roadhouse and walked the short distance across the gravel parking lot. They followed Kristen and Marilyn into the light of the restaurant.

Linda could not help but notice the stain on Marilyn's butt. It was larger than the obvious outline of her string panty. Her wetting closed in around the base of her bottom and dropped down all along the insides of her legs. She had a beautiful ass and anyone looking could tell that this women had obviously wet her pants. Just as they stepped into the light she noticed Marilyn lean over to look at the front of her pants. She used her right hand again to feel her crotch, probably checking to see just how wet she was and at the same time pulling her pants loose from her pussy. Then she took her purse and held it a little in front of her crotch trying to disguise her wet pants.

Dana was working reception this evening and noticed the four gorgeous women as they entered. They were obviously from next door and she was sure they had been drinking. A couple of them even seemed a little tipsy. There was no doubt that they had been having a good time. Her attention was drawn to the pretty raven-haired lady with her long hair reaching down past her shoulders. Just before she covered herself with her purse Dana had also gotten a good look at her long legs. There was a stain surrounding her crotch and all down the inseam of her pants.

Knowingly she knew she had obviously peed in them. The very tight fitting capris pants made it even more noticeable and really left nothing to hide. She could see the outline of a pair of string panties causing an even greater display. She needed the panties too, because the material of her pants would have really shown off her pussy lips without them. Very sexy and since Dana had seen women wet their pants before, saw little reason to attract attention to it. «Would you ladies like a table where you can relax. How about some coffee?»

The four of them sat in a booth with their coffees discussing the evening. They wondered if anyone would be joining them in their beds, but it was one of those evenings where things hadn't clicked in a way that would have made that possible. Linda was conscious of the lingering wetness between her legs and only slightly concerned that it would be discovered. It was funny how a good soaking could leave your whole crotch area so tingling.

Marilyn was also conscious of her wet pants and they were starting to cool. She could feel it all the way down the insides of her legs to mid calf. While she listened she cupped her hand over her pussy before sliding it down and using an index finger to check her ass. It really excited her to give her pussy and ass crack such a good soaking. She thought back and couldn't count the times over even the last year that she had peed herself. She usually just let it take her by surprise, but sometimes was so careless that the first warning she received was a spurt hitting her pussy flaps and soaking her panty. She was glad that she had used a lotion before going out tonight, half expecting that she would wind up wettingherself.

They finished their coffees and got up from the table after leaving enough money for the bill and tip. Dana couldn't take her eyes off of the one the others called Marilyn. This lady was so very sure of herself even in her obvious condition. She was very sexy and felt that when she wet her pants that it only added to it. Some women could get away with anything and Dana couldn't take her eyes off of Marilyn's butt as the four women walked out the door wondering why her own panties were starting to feel wet.

In a flash Marilyn had an idea, «Carol honey, do you think that you and Linda could give us a ride home?»

