Still Life

16th June 2010, 08:13 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

It's no good- I seem to have copped a dose of flowery prose (pure fantasy - my muse has come to stay a while...)

The premise was a simple one; I , a moderately successful chap in the modern media would allow for you; my infinitely more successful (and beautiful, I must add) partner to be captured in her glory; then recreated by those who seek to emulate me. It was all my fault , you see; I had simply mentioned in passing to a contemporary that you possessed such natural and timeless features, and were as perfect now as when I had first met you all those years ago; that anyone professing to be even moderately gifted at art could not fail to capture your natural charm.

Which is how we ended up here - and here is where we are at.

Lying atop a long oak dining table: You. Naked. Positioned oh, so carefully; facing those who shall capture you - head inclined toward them, your left arm and left side motioned toward them, your left leg raised slightly. Yes; there is a hint of the female form; the delights that surely reside behind that thigh, but nothing is visible. Rather uncomfortably, your right leg is angled too - and your pussy and most intimate areas are visible from the other side of the table; and I am the one and only person who can verify this. In the foreground, in front of these milky, smooth limbs; a collection of fruits. Fruits of the sea; lobster, crab, smaller mollusc - arranged unashamedly as part of this challenge. Your head is propped on a cushion; which sits on top of a pile of cookery books.

Upon your flesh; protecting some of your modesty, more fruit - grape, in their naturally occurring bunches festoon your breasts. Black, red, green. Bananas, water melon, fruits of the forest and those more tropical fight for attention on your smooth, slightly turned torso - and as accompaniment; whipped cream, muscovado sugar, halved lemons, juice squeezed take up residence in and around your navel, in that space between navel and pubic area - and as for the cream; this is spooned and placed in crevices and folds, where limbs bend. You are to be captured on film; then captured on canvas. The arrangement is for you to be available for the former for one single three hour period; then once captured, interpreted as the artist feels he or she should. You are to remain motionless and remain of good humour and patience for three hours in order that I do not lose face. Fortunately, you have reserves of patience. I am the one with the low boredom threshold...

I have decided that at intervals of no more than 25 minutes, you will be allowed a 30 second break to relax your face muscles and take refreshment. White wine spritzer; long glass, ice and straw. Prepared and administered by me - to be taken as I offer it, within the time available. It is clearly an indication of your affection and patience my darling which enabled you to agree to this. And so we begin. Your challengers arrive (by prior appointment only) and snap away.

Some stay a while, taking a seemingly excessive number of images and others seem to believe that two or three will suffice. I am as you have come to expect; flippant, risible and courteous in turn; yet with you, always the gentleman. As promised, every 25 minutes you are presented with a drink; it is a fine white wine from the Cape, livened with sparkling spring water from Buxton in England. The first two you down greedily, clearly a thirst is upon you - or maybe the odour of the sea and residual salt from the display in front of you is making you so.

The third and fourth drinks are taken - and a little less enthusiastically. You look at me pleadingly - «Darling, keep this up and you are likely to be adding a water feature to the display - I have to remain here for two more hours yet; and I am unable to move». I make a sympathetic face and got to meet your next suitor. Told you I got bored easily; I was already thinking of ways to alleviate the situation. And I presented it at the next break.

«A one off dearest; it's all I can think of under the circumstances, but take this first.» At this point we had as company two couples; all artists - and all long time friends. They had expressed reluctance at the challenge - your body, they point out is not mine to offer for art; but we had won them over. I wanted to reward their honesty and friendship with a slightly different view.

«Keep the cameras focussed please» I said as I moved round behind the table, taking your now empty tumbler with me. I approached you and moved a hand between your legs. «OK darling» in a stage whisper «We are with friends, be quick and you can relieve some of the pressure». You cannot see my face, but I know yours is reddening as you realise what I am proposing here. « If you are quick, you can fill the glass before anyone else arrives» and with that I touch you between the legs, one wet finger prizes open your pussy lips before, now coated in your own natural sweetener, it moves up to your clitoris and presses into and upwards; exposing your opening and making your pee hole visible to me. I place the glass and invite you further. «OK dear - let it come - I know you want to pee, so let some out.

The cameras click and, despite your red face and (no doubt) inexplicable desire to see me dead at this point, I am rewarded with at first a trickle, then something more substantial as you relax and pee. All too soon the glass is almost full. And credit hon- you did not spill a drop. «Stop please darling; we'll overflow!» You comply and the session resumes with the original pose as I take the glass and look at it. «it appears as it did when it went in»

Our friends take their leave, thanking us on their way out for the diversion and for a few minutes we are alone. I cannot resist - and taste. Warm, ever so slightly bubbly still. «Here, try some» And you have the glass and straw before you. «It's perfectly OK - it is yours after all! And so you do. Just a sip, as we are disturbed by yet another suitor. I found the expression on your face at that point a little less disturbing than it might have been. If you are one thing, my angel it is tolerant. Not to mention imaginative - and used to me and my ways!

I leave you to your task, returning faithfully as promised, every 25 minutes - a fresh glass and that same wine / water combination. The amount of liquid you consume is now concerning me; yet you don't ask for a repeat - and in fact while I offer more than once; you actively decline. Following your final drink in fact, I pause on my way out to steal a glance at your pussy - there is a little tell-tale sign of acute desperation there; you have clearly dribbled a little. Maybe enough, every so often as to take the very edge off of your plight; but a more lingering gaze reveals quivering muscles; and I determine that the dribble is not pee - you are as aroused as I have ever seen you!

From that point I cannot wait for the three hours to end; and as soon as it does, I close, then lock the door to our dining room and turn to you. Instinct would have me strip and enter you right there and then, but what do you desire??

«Well that was a job well done; stirling work in fact, I know you must be so uncomfortable there so as soon as the fruit has gone, we can clean you up». I move the sea monsters and dispose of them. «You can. If you wish, simply lay back flat dear - it will be more comfortable». I help you move and as you find yourself lying flat on your back, you gasp - and before I can move myself, the lemons fall to one side and the sugar and cream engage in a sticky intercourse - you cross those fine legs and arch. «Ooh, that's not good - I need a glass - no fuck that; a vase! I am going to pee» And your torso twists itself back - you had been in the perfect pose for having a full, very full bladder without it overflowing.

I am gazing at you, you know that look - I am not getting you anything as yet. I kiss you. «My you are wonderful. I have inspiration; bear with me» and I have to get my own camera and tripod; partly as a decoy, but partly as you, my muse have slapped me fair across the brow. I can expose an image of an area never exposed; performing a task so mundane and natural; yet as never before seen! The tripod is there to prevent the camera from shaking; the exposure set, I issue instructions. Darling, as you did for me earlier; just a little - a glassful, push it out hard, then stop as if you are blocking a dam? This time I do register the look; pain, wonderment, affection and understanding. For you ARE my muse; you must bear the consequences. And, though I say it myself, the results are outstanding; drops so clearly defined; a jet of pee so pure and clear; all captured in perfect detail; your pussy lips coated in moisture of two distinct types - and I want you. Badly; my body wants its muse.

Your need has barely abated but you submit to my fingers exploring the source of that clear water; and as they move inside you, faster and faster, I hear you demand. «No, babe - join with me? Dam me with your cock - all I lost was the drop in the ocean; the ocean must come soon». I comply - and join you atop that table; kneeling between your legs as you lift yourself, straightening and wincing with the need to flood me and all around us. I am hard - you know how your need to pee arouses me. It does you too; but to me this is heaven. I am inside you and I want you to cum before I do. I draw one of your hands towards your abdomen and place it on your clit. Go on darling. Take control and be you. Cum for me?

I move inside you, without variation I sped; deep, ramming hard inside you yet maintaining as a metronome. You rub; gently, maybe three or four times in succession, then pause, then rub harder and for longer «Oh! Oh, yes! Oh, babe, yes»!!! And we are both rewarded as you flush, eyes closed; gripping me hard on the inside as muscles ripple and contract. I watch, enraptured as ever with the way you and nature combine at this point. I am hard; you sated for now - I am hard and you still need to pee and as you come down, so the need rises. Aroused almost beyond belief, I flex my member inside of you and, in as leisurely manner as I can, take some grapes and eat. Dipping them in what is left of the cream and sugar; posing there as an orgasmic delight all of its own.

«Darling, let me pee now? Please - I know - YOU know I can't with you inside of me and I am so desperate now. So very full and you flexing like that is not helping... I flex some more.

«hold it» Another grape. «Want one?»

«Fuck you!»

«I don't think I can wait any longer - I can feel it right at the very end of me - «Ooooh!» As I withdraw and, taking your hand; placing it on my cock, watch as you struggle to avoid losing it. Again, you understand and as you rub me gently; the tip of my cock just, so delicately and slightly, touching your pussy lips, I feel your struggle intensify as now I can feel your muscles quiver again as your pee demands freedom. This is what arouses me so - and you know this too, you are timing your wetting with my pleasure; denying yourself relief until your pee can wash away my seed as you let it pour forth.

I am of no help with this; I seek to delay my pleasure for as long as I can; willing your dam to burst before I lose control, but you are wise to me - and you know that for all my determination, my knowing through your facial expression, the way your thighs twitch, how you raise yourself ever so slightly and gasp at me; the way I imagine I can feel a drop of pee from you just touching my cock; you know that you will succeed; and you do. Your fingers guide me perfectly; a powerful jet of its own type flows at and into your pussy; you even guide me inside of you as I pass that point of no return; I feel you cunt envelop me and I can do no more.

You however, have plenty to do. As I withdraw and move a little way from you; you, as I did earlier, pull yourself taut, and from a drop to a torrent in no time at all- I witness those drinks as they flow powerfully fro you; into my torso - I had neglected to remove my shirt; you soak me. An almost effortless drenching, you then raise yourself a little further and my hair and face are drenched too. My «punishment» for making you wait until you could not wait any longer. I am soaked - and from head to groin, drenched in sweet smelling pee. You smile at me - and raise a brow. A challenge. And I accept. Though already wet, I will have to remain in these clothes, adding jeans - as will you, and whether you hide those beautiful breasts from me is for you to determine, for we are to see who can, from this point on, drink as you had earlier, then hold until one of us can hold no longer. It will be that simple - the first one to experience being wet from their own pee will lose.

