The Holiday continues - Fi and Alex make more discoveries

18th February 2012, 10:47 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

Chapter 07 - We're Going Camping!

Later, we had a glass of wine and then Fi said, "come down to the stables, and we'll get the camper out and start packing." We walked down the garden past the place where we had peed together on the day before and I noticed that there was still an outline of our puddles, where the chemicals in it had crystallized. Then we turned sharply left through a gate in a wall, and into a courtyard. Now that it was daylight I could see it was surrounded on three sides by stables and outhouses. In the yard sat my ancient and dirty white van.

"There was something I intended to ask you hours ago", I said. "Do you have any children?"

"No", came the quick reply. "We thought we'd have a life to ourselves for a bit, and so it never quite happened. Then Tom was killed and every possibility died. Unless of course you'd like to oblige", she giggled. I replied, "Well I did enjoy our first night together. What do we need to take tomorrow? A wise old bird I knew once said to me 'take half as many clothes and twice as much money and you'll be OK.' It's proved to be very good advice."

"I'll drive you to your flat tomorrow, so we can bring back some more stuff, if you're going to shack up with me for a bit", she decided, «Then there won't be so much pressure on you having to leave. We'll sleep soon and go about 10.00am and return here in the evening, then go west on Wednesday. How does that sound?" I replied, "Fantastic! - I just hope you don't feel let down when you see my place."

«I don't suppose I will», Fi replied, «Let's go in - I need a pee, and it'd be a pity to waste it with you around.» We had scarcely got through the door, when she commanded me, «Kneel down. Drink!", she said and pulled my face towards her. Pushing aside the cool cloth I eagerly buried my face into the "V" between her legs. Getting my mouth to the apex I licked her and felt a delicious, musky sharp taste on my tongue that set my heart beating faster and my desire throbbing. Within a second it seemed there was a moistness where before there was none. Then a trickle and then a gushing powerful flood, into and around my mouth, down my beard, my neck and shoulders, torso and onto my cock and balls. A steady stream of liquid love, wetting and warming, cooling and exciting. I didn't want it to ever stop. I drank freely from that stream and wanted to do so many more times.

«Now you need more clothes!», she said. «Take off those and we'll put them in the washer-dryer. They'll be OK by the morning.» Taking them, she went into a utility room and put them into the machine. Then she looked at me and my stiff cock which was pointing at her; kneeling down she took it in her mouth and sucked hard, then let go and standing, gave me a long and delicious kiss.

I said, «Now I really have got to have a pee!» To which she replied solicitously, «So what's stopping you?» Then, pointing at a floor drain in the room, she told me to pee there and then. As I did so, she stooped and put her hands into my stream causing it to splash everywhere. Then, whilst I was still flowing, she dropped to her knees and took it in her mouth, swallowing my remaining pee.

After I finished, we went back to her lounge and began to drink again. As I wasn't driving I had a cold lager - or two - and relaxed with Fi, talking about what we might do on the holiday. An hour and a half later we were together in the big bathroom. My bladder was full and I ached for a pee, but she was sucking and caressing my cock and I couldn't start.

I said, «I'm going to pee sooner or later you know. It may go in your mouth again if you don't let me go.» I should have known, she said, «Just let a bit out» and simply slackened her grip until the pressure to piss overcame my hard-on and my pee started to flow. She had a look of absolute relish on her face as I let enough out to relieve the pressure on my bladder and again she swallowed most of it, though some splashed out and ran down between her breasts.

Then, abruptly, she released me and a few minutes later we were soaping one another all over and then standing together under a warm jet of water. Fi said, "I need to piss and I want you to enjoy it. Come over here with me". Stepping out from under the water she led me to the left hand side of the window, and I realised there was a raised stone seat with a narrow channel along its length and another at right angles at one end.

Seating herself on it she pulled me down beside her. Then gently lifting my cock, she pointed it at herself and asked, "Please pee on me". It took ages as I had had that part-pee fifteen minutes before and as I tried not to get hard, but finally I dribbled a bit and then spurted over her leg. Then more liquid gold splashed on her and she sighed with contentment. Standing up briefly as I finished, she faced me and then knelt over my lap before pissing out a stream of hot pee which warmed my cock and tickled my balls once more. When she had finished we dried off and went through to the kitchen, still naked.

"Get us a light snack, will you?" she asked, "whilst I sort something out". So saying she vanished into the Corridor, and I pulled out bread and cheese and olives and crackers. Ten minutes later she reappeared wearing a "French Maid's" uniform, with very short skirt, stocking with suspenders and a low-cut nearly transparent blouse. The effect was stunning - I could have taken her right then. "Like it?" she asked, "let's eat and drink!"

From out of the wine room she fetched a bottle of light sparkling wine. With the snack it was delicious, and then we drank a lot of water and had a coffee. My bladder was filling rapidly - and so was Fi's. Finishing supper, I slipped on trousers and shirt and we went out into the garden where a warm breeze was blowing from the south-west, and stood snuggled up to each other and watched the sky darken and the stars beginning to grow ever-clearer.

Without warning, she turned to me and said, "Fuck me!" I needed no second bidding; "OK", I replied, "here, or indoors?"

"Here", she answered, and moved across to lean against a garden seat, with her legs slightly apart, her beautiful bum peeking out at me under that skirt and her magnificent pussy open and waiting. I fumbled with my cock for a moment before finding the right angle, and felt my hardness slide into her moist tunnel. I felt the tensing of her muscles as we moved rhythmically together. Then a stream of her waters flowed over the root of my penis and over my balls. I climaxed immediately - that had been the final trigger to my cumming. She laughed, with that fairy-tale joy of which she is so capable. Then instead of cumming herself, she pulled away from me, dropped to her knees and took my limp and dripping cock in her mouth, licking away the last vestiges of my semen.

"Gosh", I exclaimed, "you do know how to play with a man don't you?"

"You liked it then?" she asked. Without stopping for an answer she rolled over and got up. I started to do the same, but she held her hand on my head and said, "Wait a bit!" Then she stood over me and looking up in the last rays of the sunset I could see that beautiful slit bounded by her lovely, pale brown pubic hair. So close were we I noticed shorter hairs around her whole pussy, beginning to grow again from her last shave. I knew that whatever happened next I could be sated with her. Without any drips or other warning a jet of warm gold washed over me, hair, face, lips. Saturating my head, my shirt, my shorts, my socks. And on and on it flowed, till I was wet through and in seventh heaven!

Taking me by the hand she pulled me up, kissed me passionately, her maid's outfit absorbing much of her own pee, then led me indoors, "before you get cold", she advised. In the warmth of the house I thought we'ed strip off, but no, she put a jumper round my shoulders and said, "there's more to come - I'll show you how to enjoy me even more, I just need to drink lots more - and so do you."

For a couple of hours we ate, drank and watched a DVD and then near midnight I realised I was tired and I needed to pee again. Cuddling up to me, she slipped her hand across my lap, unzipped my fly and pulled my cock out. "You must need another piss by now, don't you?" she stated. I replied, "yes - and I need to sleep too!"

"Well you can't do the latter till I've tasted your piss again" she said, with authority.

"Leave it out and come with me!" I followed her out to the conservatory, where on the floor I saw a mattress. "What if it gets wet?" I asked. "Who cares? It won't soak in, it's protected. Just enjoy; we can deal with that later" was her response.

Taking her in my arms I began to kiss and caress, all the while my cock growing larger and my bladder pressing hard too. After lots of superb tongue kissing I worked my way downwards, on her neck, then opening her blouse, licking and sucking her tits, then probing towards her centre of delight. I slid my hands up towards her pussy, feeling the silkiness of unexpected soft knickers. «When did you put them on?» I asked. To which she replied, «You remember I crossed the room whilst you were pouring the wine? I put them on then - so I can enjoy this moment all the more.»

To my delight, as I stood back to take in her beautiful form, a spurt, and then a jet of piss shot out through those delicate light blue panties

, causing a spreading dark patch and then splashing on he floor between us.

"You are lucky, being able to pee as well as being sexy. For me it's either/or", I commented. Her response was challenging, "So I'll show you how to pee when you are hard - even when you're inside me." I pulled aside her now damp panties

, and my trusty cock sprang free of its prison as she pulled the towel off me. Within seconds we were on the mattress and I was attempting to thrust between her legs. But as I'd had a cum not so long before it was difficult. Meanwhile, she was writhing in ecstasy. With a great groan of "Yes!!" she climaxed. As I subsided, I made to withdraw, but she said, "No, stay inside please." Then she started to piss, its dampness flowing over the base of my cock, and down my balls and legs. Holding on firmly, she said, "Try to pee inside me - I'll hold you in."

Because I was so full, as I let my muscles relax I felt a small flow in my cock. Then a spurt, and another and another. She giggled in her most charming way, and said, "Piss and piss and piss! Fill me up!" And I did, flooding her cave with my waters.Then as I stopped she said, "Slide two fingers into me - it's got to come out you know". As I did so a long stream of pee mixed with semen escaped onto the floor. As she finished, she took hold of me, kissed me and said, "Thanks. I haven't done that for a long time, and it's a super experience, feeling full in there.

Then, "Let's go in to bed, we've got to go up to your place tomorrow, and I'm tired now." So saying, she slipped on her little skirt, handed me my towel, and we went indoors. And do you know, we slept all night, without once even cuddling, we were that tired.

Chapter 08 - Tuesday 5th July - Going Home

I woke to the sound of a gentle plashing of water, and turning round there was this marvellous girl, standing, not over the toilet, but just standing with her back to me, looking out of the window. Her legs were apart and a golden stream was flowing into a large glass bowl on a low table.

I looked at her lovely figure and admired her beautiful skin, rounded buttocks, and her tight little anus. What an incredible woman! She always positively enjoyed relieving herself and she was so different from anyone else I'd known.

«That was fantastic!», I spoke up as she walked back into the room. «I wondered if you would see» she answered, but I didn't want to wake you. I enjoy the freedom that that bowl gives me, but I'm trying to find a different shaped one with a stand. «A sort of decorative commode?», I suggested. She giggled as only she can and said, «I hadn't thought of it quite like that. Tell you what, on the way to your place later, we'll stop off in one of the pottery shops and see what they can offer. It's more fun now I've got an appreciative audience. And you might like to try something too.»

In the bathroom I had a satisfying pee with Fi looking on at my jet approvingly. Then she stood over the pan and let go; the sound of her stream turned me on then and still does, months later. It took all my will-power to not suggest we had another fuck there and then!

Shortly afterwards we went out to her garage and got the car out and set off for the north east Midlands. The Welsh Marches and the English borders have always been a favourite of mine; I love the hills, the views, the unexpected little valleys and the wild-life that appears. Then there are babbling streams and a few broad rivers, and because the land attracts a lot of rain, the pastures are almost always a lush green. It's a lot like Ireland, but less angular.

As we drove eastwards, and then turned north towards the Potteries and shortly after into a retail park where several earthenware manufacturers had outlets. We spent a happy hour scouring them for a suitable bowl for the bedroom, and in the third place, we found just what we wanted. Large bowls, perhaps two feet across, rather like «native» cooking pots, but elongated, complete with wooden stands with a back, rather like a «planter» you can buy at garden centres. Fi's delight at those was evident. She whispered, «You could go in those!» She bought the lot, and arranged for them to be freighted back to her place next day.

As we got back to the car, «Open your flies!», she insisted. I obeyed, and she slid her hand in and gently massaged me for a moment and I became rock-hard. «More later», she teased, as she stopped and zipped me up.

Arriving at Loughborough, I let us into the flat, and Fi explored everything - including my unmade bed and untidiness! I sat down on an upright chair and she poked about everywhere, all the while murmuring approval (or disapproval) at my wardrobe. Then she came over to my chair, sat herself on my lap and kissed me very sensuously. I felt my penis stiffen and then was conscious of a warming sensation. She was peeing through her pants and I was soaking it up! Her wetness soaked into my once-clean clothes and I enjoyed every second of it! She whispered, "Now I know you have lots more clothes, I thought you'd like this little present!" Slipping my hand between her legs, and with her moisture still in her hair, I undid my fly, and eased my cock out of the wrapping; then pushed it against her and into her pussy. She did another piss spurt and I slid deeper in. Gripping me with her muscles we moved together until I came. She did not come too; but simply enjoyed it.

Then I realised the time. "let's finish up here and go to my favourite pub for lunch". Over salmon and new potatoes washed down with lots of ice-cold lager we talked about our childhood's, and where we trained. Then we set off, with Fi skilfully missing almost all the towns. We stopped once on Cannock Chase where I photographed Fi pissing out a long stream of water near the roadside, and she took ones of me peeing a lager-fuelled golden jet over a fence.

Back at her place we finished packing the camper with clothes, bedding, equipment and then went to bed in one another's arms. Around 4.30am I woke to find her looking into my eyes. "I'm going to pee" she said. "Do you want it here, or shall I go in the loo?" In reply I rolled over on my back and pulled her on top. She said, "I'm tired, if I go here, you'll have to lie on wet sheets till morning."

"What could be nicer?", I murmured. As I did so she wriggled up my body so that her pussy was against my navel. Then I felt her warmth spreading over me, and I slipped a hand between us and cupped some of her piss in it. Then I gently stimulated her clit with the wetness and she kissed me on the lips before slipping back into sleep.

Taster time...

Chapter 09 - Wednesday 6th July - Holiday Reconvened

Lying on her wetness I couldn't get over my good fortune. As it cooled, I snuggled into her and we woke like that two hours later, just before seven, with my cock ramrod stiff and my bladder near overflowing. I said, "I must piss soon or I'll die!"

