Just a little squirt!

10th March 2006, 07:46 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

This was going to be a couple of short tales from my relationship with Clare - but having looked at the first, it appears to have got out of hand and they'll have to be posted separately. This one was a big-time turn on, but not in the best of locations, the other a sight I hope to catch again some day, but under slightly more comfortable circumstances (For the lady anyway).

This is something that happened fairly early on during our relationship. We had gone back to my house after having been out for a drink. It was after the episode in the car, where Clare had first peed through her panties for me, but before she began wetting more regularly on our way home from the pub. At this time, we were mainly experimenting with full bladder sex, and of finding ways for Clare to pee with me inside her. We had left the pub when she started to feel a strong urge to pee, and made the 15 -20 minute walk back to my place. This was a Sunday evening; my parents were home but in bed asleep (My Father worked shifts; they were often in bed asleep early enough for us to play). Once inside, we sat on the couch; Clare sitting with her legs across my thighs and the way she was sitting allowed me to touch her through her panties – she had a short skirt on that kept riding up to reveal them anyway.

Electric blue in colour they were and showed dampness rather well. We were getting each other nicely aroused - she had her hand down inside my jeans - and the fact that others were around served to heighten the feeling, but because we also knew that we could not do all that much about each other (I would probably be able to reach orgasm, but unless Clare did so while wetting, which was unlikely without a degree of noise, she would not) somehow made the whole thing even hornier.

We were watching TV too - very quietly, just to pass a bit of time to make sure that there were no signs of movement from upstairs. The programme was a satirical comedy thing - half an hour long and we were about 10 minutes into it.

In between kisses, Clare said «When do you want me to pee». I was at this point, rubbing her through skirt and panties and had become (Somehow) slightly distracted by the TV! «Shall we watch the end of this first» I asked.

«We could, but I'm not sure I can wait that long» was the reply. I glanced down at this point, and, where her skirt had ridden up again, there was a very satisfying wet patch visible on her knickers. Quite large, it spread between her legs and was a couple of inches in length. «Have you leaked a bit» I asked. «Just a bit» she said, and for some reason, blushed. «It's hard to hold on when you are doing that, it's not all pee, but I don't think I can wait until the end of the programme - especially if you are going to keep rubbing me. I'll end up wetting myself, and your Mother will crucify you»

I gave her fanny a little squeeze, and she clamped her legs together. «Can you wait while I get a towel then?» She nodded, and I went and liberated a towel from the linen basket and brought it downstairs. When I got back, Clare was sitting on the front of the sofa, legs tight together, and her hands pressed into her lap. «I leaked a tiny bit more» she said. «Are you ready? I'm more than a bit desperate»

I was ready! Clare moved forward so that her bum was right on the edge of the sofa. There was just a hint of wetness on the front of her skirt, too. She had presumably leaked while she was holding herself through the skirt as well as the panties. I spread the towel so that she was sitting on one end of it; the remainder was spread down on the floor in front of her. She lay back, and held herself with one hand, while supporting herself with the other.

«Hurry» she gasped. «I've really got to go» I knelt in front of her and moved between her legs. Moving her panties to one side, I entered her and moved in and out gently a few times, looking at her to gauge the reaction. She really was most gratifying to have sex with - if you're somewhat vain like me anyway! Mouth open satisfying gasps and sighs, eyes closed. I paused with my cock hard inside her. I could feel her flex her muscles, and flexed my own in return.

We stayed motionless for just a while, then, I slowly withdrew until just the end of my penis was inside of her. As I did this, I could feel her muscles working - and as soon as all she could feel was the tip of me, I noticed - and heard, her pee escape. I couldn't tell for sure whether she was in control, or was actually wetting herself, but that did not really matter, because I could control her peeing for myself when we were like this - If I stayed where I was, then her glorious hot pee would flow gently down over my cock and balls, and finally onto the towel, all accompanied by a gentle hissing noise as the pee escaped her.

If I pushed myself inside of her again, then with another, louder hiss and a spray, it stopped. On this occasion, I let her get rid of as much of her pee as was possible, with only a towel for protection - the remainder of the contents of her bladder would be taken care of on the walk home, which took us through a school - and we screwed gently and ever so quietly until I lost it! Clare still needed to go, so urged me on, something else she did that I so enjoyed, by whispering to me «I still need to go, and if you don't stop pressing against my bladder, I might have to let some more out - I might not have any choice» Stuff like this simply sent me over the edge!

That's about it, but one more thing I do remember. As we made our way home, she insisted on sitting on her bike and pushing herself along with her feet. We did stop so that she could pee again, and with hindsight, I'm sure that she was using the bike saddle to hold the pee in until we could stop somewhere!

