Bursting in class (m desp fiction)

20th February 2011, 06:23 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Just to be clear these are 18 year old high school seniors -- there are no children in this story.

###

Dylan wriggled uncomfortably in his seat, trying to be discrete but finding it increasingly difficult to deal with the pressure of his bladder. He glanced over at Robbie, who seemed to be having the same problem; he was shaking one leg under his seat and kept repositioning himself. Dylan thought he saw a few drops of liquid under Robbie's seat, catching the sun, but wasn't sure. For a moment, they made eye contact.

A twinge in Dylan's stomach made him bend forward again, breathing hard. he didn't think he could hold it for another five minutes, but there was half an hour left in the class. He began to squeeze his legs together when he found Sister Agatha standing before his desk, glaring at him, patting a ruler against the palm of her hand.

"Ahh..." Dylan stuttered.

"Is there a reason you cannot sit still, Mr. Donovan?"

"No, Sister, I..."

Oh God, did he smell like booze? Could she tell?

All his mind was focused on not pissing himself. He sat as still as he could and clenched his muscles tight.

"I'm sorry, Sister."

"Hands," said Sister Agatha.

Wincing, Dylan put his hands out on the desk. The ruler clapped across them with stinging speed, and Dylan felt a long, hot spurt of urine escape his grasp and soak into his underwear. His breath caught in his throat. He knew the rest of it was pushing hard at his sphincter, ready to burst.

Sister Agatha kept her eyes on him a moment, then turned and went back towards the head of the class. Dylan shivered involuntarily as his bladder went weak-- for just a second, but long enough to let more urine out. His wet underwear clung hot and uncomfortable to his balls. He could feel a few drops trickling down his thigh.

"I'm not gonna make it," he hissed under his breath. "Oh God, I'm not gonna make it..."

Another look at Robbie indicated that he was in a similar shape. He was biting his lip severely and Dylan almost lost control as he saw a tiny but distinct little puddle beneath Robbie's chair.

Please don't let Robbie lose it... if he does, so will I. Oh God. Even thinking about it...

Another spurt escaped, flushing his crotch with heat. Two or three drops made it through to the seat. Dylan could feel a wet patch on the back of his pants. Desperately, he looked at the clock-- fifteen minutes until the bell. He couldn't imagine a scenario in which he didn't wet himself. As hard as he tried to think of other things, his mind was filled with the hissing sound of long-held urine, spewing forcefully from a tortured bladder, soaking school pants and pooling on the tile, hot and wet and loud. He couldn't make it. He knew he couldn't. He shifted subtly in his seat and rays of pain shot through his entire body, localized just below his navel.

Ten minutes, now. He was sure that if he stood he would burst. Every little movement sent urgent signals to his brain, telling him that soon there would be no choice, that soon he would lose the battle, that he needed a toilet now, NOW; more leaked out and when Dylan looked down he saw a tiny lake between his legs. He thanked the Lord his pants were dark. Across the way, Robbie had a hand thrust in his pocket and a strained expression on his face. A little bit of shining wetness welled up around his fly, then disappeared into the fabric. Dylan had to shift in order to accommodate his hardening member.

Five minutes. Four. There was a rush of relief as Dylan's erection poked upwards; he still had to pee worse than ever before, but at least there was something stopping the flood besides his quivering muscles. Very slowly, so as not to jar his bladder, he began to collect his things.

Three minutes. He bent over to put his books in his satchel and was suddenly urinating, piss spraying out of his rock-hard penis, soaking into his shirt for a good four seconds until he was able to stem the flow. He looked around frantically to see if anyone had noticed-- and then the bell rang.

Dylan pushed himself carefully out of his chair, slow as he could, trying desperately to hold back the waves of urine that stretched his bladder. He grabbed his satchel and jammed his hand in his pocket, clenching his dick between his fingers. Piss began to fill his urethra. He knew it was only a matter of moments before it happened.

Robbie came up in front of him, jiggling up and down. "I have to piss like you wouldn't believe," he hissed.

"Me too," said Dylan, and looked at Robbie's pants. There was a glistening spot the size of an orange on his crotch. He began to hurry forward, in strange, awkward steps that shook his bladder. With every movement a little more leaked out.

"I'm not gonna make it," said Robbie suddenly, stopping short in the classroom door. "I'm gonna piss myself."

Dylan bent forward and shoved his hands between his legs, all modesty lost. "Move!" he cried. "Move, I have to GO!"

The room behind them was empty save for a few stragglers who passed slowly out of the door, staring at Dylan and Robbie. One of them jolted Robbie as he passed and a long shot of urine splattered onto the floor.

"I'm going," wailed Robbie.

"Hold it! Come on, please, move, hold it! I gotta get out of here, I have to fucking PISS!"

"No," said Robbie, leaning against the door frame with his hands grasping his dick like his life depended on it. "I can't move, I'll piss, I can't!"

Dylan shoved his way past the other boy and into the hallway. He moved three steps forward, clutching himself, then stopped and buckled over as another long spurt wet through to his hand. Robbie hobbled after him.

"I've never had to piss this bad in my life," whined Dylan, bracing himself against a locker and inching forward towards the stairs. He was steadily leaking, now, slow but surely, little drops of urine splashing out onto the floor and running down his legs as he moved. He straightened up to grab the banister, took one step down the stairs, and moaned as the dam finally burst.

At first it was only a low hissing sound and warm wetness around his balls, but then the flood overflowed his underwear and hot piss cascaded down his legs, scalding cold skin, running in thick streams along his thighs and calves and into the white socks around his ankles. It felt amazingly good. Dylan held tight to the banister so he wouldn't fall. Urine pooled around his feet and ran in rivers down the stairs, pale yellow and steaming slightly in the wintry air. His pants were soaked with hot, desperate piss, flowing out against his will, no matter how hard he tried to stop it-- piss he had worked so hard to contain, through squirming and torment, pressing out against his bladder until his mind was consumed with the idea of voiding it. It was blessed relief. He gave in completely and the stream grew stronger, pouring furiously down his legs and spurting a good three inches out through the fabric of his pants and onto the floor.

The moment that Dylan lost the battle, Robbie shouted and grabbed himself, too desperate to bear the sight of relief. His piss welled up inside him and beat against his clenched fingers, screaming to get out.

"Fuck!" he cried. "Fuck! Stop! Why do you have to-- oh God, I can't hold it! Stop! You're making me piss! It's coming out, it's... oh, God! I can't stop!"

Robbie's bladder gave out and piss began to surge from his penis as he squirmed and hopped and tried to control it, tried to stop the flow-- but it had been too long and there was no way to cease the flood. Piss flowed around his fingers and hissed onto the floor. His bladder twinged and shouted as he still tried vainly to close it. When he finally gave in, it felt like an orgasm; he was hit by wave after wave of sweet relief. His urine rushed out of him and made ponds on the slick linoleum.

Dylan, too, was still going, clutching the banister and letting nature take its course all over the stairway. His piss surged so forcefully that he was wet halfway up his shirt. He turned and looked at Robbie and was hit by a strong wave of arousal as he realized he friend was also wetting

, in an intensely obvious way. In one quick motion he rushed up to his friend, grabbed him and pulled him into a supply closet, leaving thick trails of urine behind them. Both boys were still voiding uncontrollably all over themselves as Dylan shoved his hand into Robbie's pants and pulled his pissing member through his fly.

"Oh..." moaned Robbie. "I'm so sorry, I can't stop..."

"Me either."

"I had to go so fucking bad, I... oh!"

Dylan grinned as Robbie startled at the slow, hot touch of his fingers. The boy immediately began to harden, still gushing urine. Dylan's fingers moved faster and Robbie moaned, reaching his own hand out to grasp Dylan's dripping crotch. He found Dylan's dick and realized he was still slowly pissing.

"God, you had to go, didn't you?"

Dylan nodded. He was rock-hard in Robbie's hand.

"You like it, don't you?"

Dylan tugged down Robbie's soaking pants and underwear as an answer. Robbie's dick was slick with piss, and bursting to get out of its confinements, hard and thick, desperate for another kind of release. Dylan dropped to his knees and wrapped his lips around it, tasting the salty piss, feeling one last burst against his tongue. Robbie sighed deeply. Dylan began to work his tongue around the head of Robbie's penis, stroking his shaft, feeling it throb in his hand.

"Oh," moaned Robbie, "that feels so good... don't stop... we don't need to go to calculus. Oh!" He shuddered. Dylan knew exactly what to do. Robbie sank down until he was sitting and Dylan straddled him, so that his own straining dick was rubbing against Robbie's.

"I think I'm still a little drunk," laughed Dylan, wiping his mouth.

"Please don't stop," said Robbie breathlessly. Dylan wrapped his fingers around Robbie's dick and stroked it in response. He felt his own cock bob against Robbie's chest. Even the slightest touch sent shock waves through his body, he was so turned on. Robbie took Dylan's cock in his hand and began to fondle it, gently at first, then increasing in pace. Dylan moaned and rubbed up against him.

"Oh God," he murmured, "Oh God..."

Robbie grunted and tensed and then spewed cum out all over Dylan's tie, thick and with force. A second later a thick stream of piss shot out from his dick, splashing all over Dylan, diluted from beer. Robbie flushed and laughed, but was unable to stop his flow. He continued to work Dylan's dick while pissing all over him, and Dylan felt himself approaching the edge very quickly as he watched Robbie wet, amazed at all the piss that was in him.

It trickled down his pants to his balls and warmed them newly, and, unable to hold it back any longer, Dylan exploded. His cum shot out into Robbie's face. Robbie stopped pissing abruptly and laughed again, wiping his face off with his tie. Dylan rolled off of him and leaned against the wall, catching his breath. To his amazement, he felt a twinge in his bladder and realized they must have been in the closet for too long for his beer-weakened bladder to manage. He sat up and looked at himself. He was drying quickly and was reluctant to wet himself again, but his need was making itself known in an uncomfortable way. He looked at Robbie.

"You won't believe it, but I have to piss again." He pinched his dick. "Bad!"

Robbie grinned. "I didn't realize I had to go until I couldn't stop pissing on you. I managed to stop but I still gotta go. Want to see who can hold on the best?"

"I don't know! I think I might have to go in the corner." Dylan bobbed up and down on his feet. "I don't want to wet these clothes again. Oh, no! I just spurted!"

Dylan grabbed at himself as piss splashed out of his dick and onto the floor. He quickly pinched his dick shut and doubled over, a slow leak coming out against the floorboards. Robbie had one hand down his pants, grinning widely. Dylan sighed and aimed his dick onto the floor, letting go, his hot desperate piss once again splashing out onto the boards and pooling in a glistening puddle. Robbie licked his lips and kneeled down into it, letting Dylan's piss splash all over him.

Dylan was powerless to stop the stream. Robbie let go in his pants, pissing through his erection, urine flying everywhere as he masturbated furiously. He came just as Dylan finished pissing. Dylan's dick was tender and sore but he found himself terribly aroused by Robbie's endlessly pissing member. Piss shot out of it like a fountain, surging up towards the ceiling. Dylan fondled himself gently, thinking about the piss, watching it glisten, stroking himself harder and harder until he couldn't take it anymore and came once again. One last dribble of piss came out of his cock, splashing into the mess on the floor. He tucked himself back in and watched Robbie's piss finally die down.

