Marsha's A Sexy Little Tramp Chapter 2

3rd December 2015, 08:15 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the second chapter of at least three parts and is a re write of an article that appeared in a men's magazine years ago. The first chapter is in the archives.

Marsha's My New Best Friend, Chap 2

Marsha and I were now favorite friends and were spending quite a few evenings after work at Ginger's Bar B Q, a bar and grill, not far from the bank. Dinner and a few drinks always seemed to loosen our conversation with me usually letting a little something seep into my panties as the night wore on. It always seemed that one or the other of us might comment, "I really should think about leaving, besides you've already made me wet my pants". Anyway, last week Marsha needed to follow me out to the parking lot because the seat of my grey skirt was so wet. I really hadn't minded sitting at the table laughing at all the bar patrons funny stories but unfortunately I was absentmindedly squirting pee through my panties as I giggled. By the time we were ready to leave I'm afraid that I'd completely soaked the seat of my new control briefs. I thought making a further spectacle of myself was becoming just a little to embarrassing so I asked Marsha to help get me out.

Marsha, of course, was often safe from embarrassment and usually just laughed it off. Whenever she got excited or carried away all she needed to do was piss in her protective panty. That is, if she remembered to wear one. We both liked our private conversations and unless we went to the ladies at the same time, we generally stayed in our booth. If we did get up it was primarily to parade ourselves through the club to redo our makeup. I could sometimes tell if she was wearing protection because while I went in to pee, she'd just stand at the mirror with her legs slightly spread repainting her lips and combing her hair. I never knew if she might have already wet herself or was simply doing it as she stood right there.

At any rate I was usually suspicious and I rarely missed having a peek at that beautiful ass of hers. Sometimes, if she was wearing a tight skirt, I could make out the leg bands on her panties. She'd said those were there to prevent leaks. One evening, a couple of weeks ago, after several cocktails, we were in the powder room. I noticed a saucer sized stain on the back of her grey skirt suggesting she'd recently peed. I had to ask if she'd been wetting in her pants earlier, but all she would say was, "uh huh". She just didn't seem to care and I guess, at least that evening, had pissed herself while wearing her high waisted control panty. She just let her pee soak through and wet her skirt. By now I realized that having her puss nestled in a pair of wet panties was a real turn on for her. Her suggestive behavior was encouraging me to be less concerned about the wetness soaking into my own undies.

Our bank is part of a large southeastern corporation near Mobil, Alabama. Most of the year the weather is pleasant and we dress in light cotton clothing. Marsha and I don't like to stray from a dress code that suggests nylons, but we both like to be a little bit sexier under our office attire and sometimes wear stockings with a cute garter belt or stay ups instead of the pantyhose that the other ladies wear. Dresses and short skirts seem to accentuate our bottoms and help get us noticed, which brings me up to what happened. Raises and promotions are in fact based on personal appearance as much as our work. Marsha and I loved the opportunity to use our heels and long, nylon covered legs to win our office contest and a free vacation to Sanibel Island in Florida. We planned for a week of fun at a resort there. I liked the idea that someone else was paying for us to have a good time and hopefully we would meet some cute guys especially since Marsha is always such a center of attention.

My luggage had been ready for days, so I agreed to stop and collect Marsha at her condominium, because it was on the way to the airport. She was, as always, only partially packed, so I needed to help get her things into her suitcase. She had dresses, shorts, swimsuits and numerous pieces of lingerie including several beautiful bras, matching control panties and two pairs of what I realized were her special protective panties.

I'd become increasingly curious about this convenience of hers and reached for a baby blue pair examining the full seat and crotch. The rather thick cotton lining I guessed was probably quite absorbent but may not have been adequate to accept a total release. I asked, "How often do you need to wear these?"

Marsha looked 'matter of fact' at me with a sly smile saying, "I don't really need them you know, at least, I didn't need them until I realized how easy it was to just pee if I was wearing a pair. Now, I won't go anywhere for long without having a pair or two handy. You should try them. You wouldn't believe how sexy a feeling you get while talking to a cute guy and he hasn't the slightest notion that the reason you've just recrossed your legs is because you've finished wetting your pants."

I was thinking and asked where she usually purchased hers. She started telling me about 'SkiVvys' panties.

