Saturday - A Golden showers weekend with T and friends.

18th August 2011, 04:19 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

After we had said goodnight to T and P, N and I went into the bedroom.

We both made for the bathroom to have a pee and to brush our teeth before jumping into bed together, but as soon as we got in there I slid my hands around N from behind and began to play with her tits, she pushed her shapely ass back into my groin as I held them and started to tweak her nipples. I caught her perfume wafting around my nostrils and she did smell and feel so good.

I asked her if she needed to pee, she replied that she did. She turned herself around in my arms and slid herself down my body so that she was now kneeling down in front of me. She then took my manhood gently in her hand and half into her mouth. She was flicking her tongue in and out so that it flicked the end of my hard cock, it was like an electric shock, and the sensation made me slightly jump once or twice.

I stood her up from her kneeling position and I then lay down on the floor between her open legs. I was once again looking straight up at her beautiful cunt and her lovely well manicured pubic hairs. The whole area looked so inviting.

I pulled her down onto my mouth and before she made contact with my skin I said to her, piss in my mouth. She started to piss in my mouth more or less as I spoke. Slowly it trickled at first, then faster and faster, she then stopped herself, lifted herself from me and said I want to piss all over you and on your cock.

When she was standing right above me she once again let herself go and her piss began to stream over me, she was moving her lovely ass back and forth up and down my torso. When she was gushing she moved her feet back a little and slightly leant forward, her piss was now going directly onto my pubic hair and onto my cock. The noise of her pee was so loud when coming from her, it sounded really nice.

She had almost finished pissing over me and was just dribbling the remaining drops. I lifted my head and put my hands around her ass and pulled her toward my mouth. I licked and sucked for all I was worth to get the last drops from around and inside her soaking wet Minge. For some reason my cock was not quite so hard as it had been a minute or two earlier, probably because I knew that I was going to pee over her so it had to go down somewhat.

N lay down on the floor next to me and said, I want you to piss over me; I want to feel it on my clit and on my tits, then I am going to lick and suck your cock dry. I stood up and aimed my cock at her breasts. My pee came out with a small burst and then at a steady stream and it was going all over her breasts. I then stopped and held it until I positioned myself over her clitoris. She parted her legs and held them up in the air with her knees bent and I held my cock and took aim at her cunt. Then I let it all go again. It was coming out quite fast and straight onto her clitoris, she began to groan with pleasure saying oh yes that feels nice, and opened her legs even further.

When I had almost finished she asked me not to shake my cock as she wanted to lick my piss from me. She sat up and very gently took me in her hand so not to lose any drops from the end. Then she put me right into her mouth and began to lick and suck me quite hard. I could feel my cock getting hard again as she slid her lovely lips up and down my shaft. She had one hand under my balls squeezing and stroking them so tenderly. I recall just standing there thinking that I really did not want her to stop.

When she slid me out of her mouth she looked up at me and smiled, would you like me to shower you she asked? I said yes, let's get in together and shower one another.

We showered and played with one another and rinsed all the soap off. We dried each other off and brushed our teeth. N was the first one to leave and get into bed. I climbed in and she cuddled right up to me and whispered in my ear, now I am going to fuck you again.

We looked at one another and our lips got closer, then we kissed. We were really hungry for one other. Our hands were all over each others bodies, I felt so bloody horny, as I am sure she did also.

Then she slid herself on top of me in the 69 position and I had both hands on her ass guiding her down onto my face and onto my mouth. I then parted the lips of her vulva and stuck my tongue inside her vagina as far as I could get it in.

Lowering her head onto me and taking me into her mouth with her lips apart she slowly licked. When it was in she closed her lips around my hard cock. We stayed in the 69 position for what seemed like ages and we were both really enjoying each others feel and touch.

Then turning herself around to face me and kneeling down between my legs. She put me into her mouth once again and she started using her tongue to gently tickle the underside of my cock right near the tip and it felt fucking heavenly. Man this woman had me going I can tell you. Could she suck a cock? Oh yes, she certainly could.

Almost five minutes had passed when she lifted her head and looked right into my eyes and said, are you ready to give me a good seeing to. I just pulled her on top of me and she squatted over me and held me and guided my really hard cock straight up into her very wet Minge.

She leant forward and started to lick and tease my nipples with her tongue whilst moving her ass up and down my shaft. I lifted my knees up to her ass and slightly lifted her with my upper thighs so that the tip of my cock was just about inside her, then I let my legs down flat to the bed and my stiff cock just slipped right back up inside her vagina, as I did so she gasped and groaned and threw her head back with pleasure.

I rolled her over and got her to kneel on the edge of the bed with her knees and legs wide apart, she lifted her ass in the air and I took her from behind whilst standing. This was a great sensation for both of us as it was so easy to slide every inch I had right up inside her, and then slowly withdraw until only the tip was touching her vagina, she really enjoyed me doing this, as did I. I started to fuck her a little harder and faster, making every single inch count. I could feel my balls slapping against her as I slid my cock right into her.

Although I do have good control whilst having sex, I was aware that it would not take much for me to cum my load right up inside her. This for me was not an option to cum so quickly, I was in no way going to spoil our mutual pleasure after so short a time, I was going to really enjoy her for as long as I possibly could and I hoped to give us both the pleasure that we wanted.

We both heard voices coming from the other bedroom and a loud noise, we knew it was T enjoying herself; she was obviously being fucked and had just had one of her very loud orgasms.

I withdrew from N as she knelt there in front of me and I suggested that we have a drink of water and a cigarette, to which she agreed, but not before she spun round and grabbed my cock and put it between her open lips, she licked and sucked me until I was dry enough to walk out into the lounge.

N and I went into the lounge area and she got us both a drink of water which we shared from a glass. I had lit us both a cigarette and we sat on the big sofa. We could not help but listen to T and P fucking one another, the noise they were both making was quite loud.

I looked at N and she got up from the sofa and pulled me up with her. We went to the bedroom door and we both looked in at T and P on the bed. T had her legs tightly around P's waist and he was giving her a really hard fucking and T was enjoying it. Her eyes were closed and they did not see us, so N and I withdrew and went back into the lounge. N said they look as though they are enjoying themselves, I said, so are we. I just had a little quiet laugh and she giggled with her hand over her mouth.

We finished smoking and our second glass of water and returned to the bedroom. N then asked me if I liked fucking her. I just replied that any man would love to fuck you N., and yes I do like fucking you, you are a beautiful woman and a good fuck and you know what a man enjoys. She put her arms around me and gave me a big tight squeeze.

I then asked her if she had any reservations about P fucking T, she smiled and said, no, none whatsoever. It is nice that we are all able to enjoy ourselves with different partners every so often. She went on, I have had sex with two different men whilst with P and he has fucked three different women. Three times he has had me and another woman in bed at the same time, and twice I have enjoyed having had P and another man in bed with us. I really enjoyed watching him shag the other three women, it turned me on. So no, I am not jealous or anything of that nature.

Back on the bed with our arms around one another, kissing and fondling one another's bodies. We began to get into the swing of things again. I loved the feeling of this woman's skin; it is so soft and womanly just like T's skin feels. It is quite a turn on for me. I soon had her breasts and her nipples in my mouth and between my fingers. This was sending her wild and she was making noises from deep within her body. This was the first time that I had really concentrated on this area, P had suggested earlier that afternoon that I should as it is her weakest spots and drives her crazy.

I tormented her beautiful breasts and nipples for a very long time and every now and then I would slowly guide my hand down over her tummy, she would open her legs each time I did this expecting me to play with her clitoris, but I just bypassed the area and ran my hands over her pubic hair, each time just gently running my hand down the inside of her groin and down to near her knees and then slowly back up again, not once touching her clitoris or her vagina, this tormented her even more and her back was arching and her ass was being pushed up into the air as she felt the pleasure and torment.

She opened her eyes and looked at me, she then put her hand round the back of my neck and pulled me toward her mouth, she kissed me so long and hard and with such passion. I still kept tormenting her nipples whilst we were kissing, she lifted her mouth from mine eventually and said in a loud voice, fuck me, get on top of me and fuck me now, I want to feel your hard cock inside me.

With her legs as wide as she could get them I rolled myself between them. I lifted her knees up to my thighs and got as close as I could to her saturated cunt, it was dripping with her lovely juices. I held my manhood and began to rub it up and down her clitoris a few times, I then slid it inside her when she was not expecting me to do so, then I pulled it out again and ran it up and down her clitoris once again. Then after a couple of minutes she slid her hand down and got hold of my cock and said, I want it inside me. As she guided me into her wet vagina she said, now give me a good fucking.

Her legs were bent up one either side of her head and I was really giving her what she wanted. She was really groaning loudly and she kept saying louder each time, fuck me, make me cum, make me cum. We stayed in this position and I was really fucking her hard when she just yelled out really loudly, I AM GOING TO CUM, OOOOOH. She grabbed my back with her hands very tightly and she exploded all over my cock. Her body was quite rigid but it was writhing around under me.

Very slowly now I was still sliding my cock in and out of her vagina, then I felt her relax once again. I let her legs gently down to her sides and I withdrew from her. I positioned my head between her legs and started to lick her juices, her lovely tasting cum. I had my tongue up inside her vagina trying to encourage her to part with every last drop of her juices. Her cum, so thick and creamy, it tasted just wonderful.

We lay there for a few minutes relaxing, just getting ourselves back together after our exertions. Her arm was under my neck and my hand was just lying across her chest. She then said that she had really enjoyed that and she knew she would enjoy me fucking her.

Then she lifted her arm from under my neck and pulled herself down toward my groin. She slowly teased my cock and started to lick it underneath, from the very base to the very tip, but oh so very gently that her tongue was hardly touching me. the tingling sensation was just amazing, T likes to do this also so it was not new to me, but it is always a little different when someone else does it.

A little at a time she put me into her mouth, inch by inch half way down and then up to the top again, but going down a little further and deeper each time. Eventually right down to the base of my shaft and yet beyond she licked, all around my balls and back up to my stiff cock again, all the way to the very tip. This woman knew what she was doing. Just a passing thought was «I wonder if T had given her a tip or two», but I dismissed it instantly as she was no novice at this.

N was now making me feel so fucking horny that I knew I was not far from giving her my load into her mouth. She must have felt this as I begun to move my body around under her. She lifted her mouth from my cock for an instant and asked me to tell her when I was going to cum. Not long after she said that, I told her I was going to cum in a minute. She sucked at my cock with longer strokes of her lips and a little harder, her hand was also on my shaft trying to coax me to cum in her mouth. She lifted her head again and said, give it to me. Then I told her I was going to cum, as soon as I had said it I gave her everything right into her mouth. She swallowed hard and sucked even more at my cock. Mmmmm, she was saying under her breath.

When she felt my cock starting to deflate a little she lifted her lips from me and I looked down at her. Her face was covered in my cum, it was running all down her nose and her cheeks, and she was running her tongue around her face trying to lick every drop. I knew that she had swallowed most of it, she said that there was a lot and she likes the feeling of it all over her face. What she could not get to with her tongue, she got with her fingers and put it right into her mouth and swallowed it whilst looking right into my eyes with a saucy grin on her face. God she said that tasted so good, I have been waiting for that all day.

We both lay there for a while looking at one another. We were looking into one another's eyes as we lay there. I asked her if she had enjoyed herself, she smiled very broadly and replied, yes it was really nice and I love your cock. T had already told me that you had a lovely cock and that you knew how to please a woman, she was right, you do.

I think I was the first one to drift off to sleep, we were still cuddling each other when I turned and looked at the clock, it was 05.30am. N was asleep, I turned over and went right back to sleep. I was awoken when I felt a hand playing with my cock. It was N, she had her hand running up and down my shaft making it hard. I opened my eyes and looked at her; she was looking back at me with a smile. She asked if I would fuck her again.

I put my hand over her breast and she was responding with more soft noises from within. My cock was hard by now and I wanted to have sex with her again.

She opened her legs and as I got on top of her. I started to put my cock into her. She was really wet and ready to be fucked so it slipped into her vagina nice and easy. N had an orgasm quite quickly and then I felt I was about to cum myself and I said to her I am going to spunk right up inside your cunt. These words seemed to take her breath away for a split second and she writhed around underneath me even more. Yes she said cum inside me I want to feel it. I did, I exploded right inside her, I gave her all the cum I had right up her lovely juicy Minge. That was fucking gorgeous she said, I needed that. I replied, yes so did I and we both chuckled.

All was quiet in the other bedroom with T and P, so I assumed that they were asleep. I then looked at the clock and it was 08.02AM. I drifted off back to sleep with N's arm around my shoulder. I awoke and opened my eyes to look at the clock and it was just gone 09.00AM. I knew I would not get back to sleep so I got up gently from our love nest.

I went into the bathroom and cleaned myself up. Then I went into the small kitchen area and made coffee.

Some minutes had passed and I was lounging on the sofa when T walked out of the bedroom she had shared with P. She walked straight up to me and gave me a smacker of a kiss right on the lips, and asked if I was OK, I replied that I was just fine, are you? She said that she was. I asked if she was going back to bed with P or would she like coffee. Coffee she replied, so I made her coffee and we both sat on the sofa talking of our respective night's pleasures with different partners.

The remainder of this conversation T has covered in her own posting of events from her aspect.

