The Beach House (Part 7)

6th July 2012, 04:28 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

A little while later, the girls were dressed in their swimsuits. Lara wore her favorite dark blue bikini, hoping it would hide any pee stains she would make today. Kiki still donned her one-piece bathing suit that hugged her figure. Cheryl's suit was a little more "mom", a tankini with black bottoms, a white and red top, and a small skirt that covered her bottoms. Danielle was also wearing a one-piece, bright red that fit almost like a tube top with ties in the back.

They picked their spot on the beach and laid out their beach chairs. The beach was a little more crowded than they liked, but that wouldn't stop them from enjoying themselves.

"Well, girls," Cheryl said, "I'm going to work on my tan. You all can join me or you can take a swim." She stretched out on her chair and closed her eyes. Within seconds of laying down, Lara could hear a hissing sound. She looked at Cheryl and was amazed that the skirt that covered her bottoms hid most of what she was doing. The only proof was the muffled hiss, a few trickles at her inner thigh, and a some dark spots under her chair (which someone would have to be looking for to notice).

"Come on, Lara, let's go for a splash," Danielle said, grabbing Lara's hand.

They ran to the ocean, laughing as their feet splashed against the tide. They rushed out until they were at their waist. "Ooooh, the water is cold," Kiki squealed.

"Not for long," Danielle said. With a sigh, she let loose and licked her lips as the water around her swirled with warm pee. "Ahh, that's nice and warm."

"Are you peeing?" Kiki asked. Danielle nodded, biting her lip.

"Oh my god, that's awesome. There are people everywhere. You're getting bolder, girl."

"It's your fault."

"I have to go, too," Lara said. She dropped into the water a little more as if swimming in the waves. "I'm going to try something."

"What are you doing?" Kiki asked.

Lara blushed. "I'm pulling by bikini bottoms down."

"Are you serious?"

Lara nodded. "Not all the way. Just enough to see what it feels like to pee naked in the ocean." For once, Kiki was disappointed that she only wore one-piece suits. Lara pulled her bottoms down to her upper thighs. She bobbed in the water a bit and sighed.

Nothing happened. A few kids were splashing around in the water near them. "I don't know if I can do this. There are a lot of people around."

"Come one, you can do it," Danielle said. She swam a little closer to Lara and to Lara's surprise she felt a hand beneath the water touch hers. "There's no one here but us. Just let it go." Lara did not need any more prompting. She relaxed, breathed out, and let loose. Her urine sprayed out into the water with such force that she could feel it tickling her clitoris. She bit her lip and tried not to gasp or cry out.

"Oooh, that must feel really good," Kiki said.

"Mmm hmm... oh...mmm." Lara squeezed Danielle's hand as she had a quiet but delightful orgasm right there in the ocean and no one except her friends knew.

"Do you have to go, Kiki?" Danielle asked.

"A little, but I can wait."

They splashed around some more, diving in and out of the waves. After a while, they decided to head back to shore and lay out in the sun for a while.

As Kiki was sitting down, she noticed a young man, dark-skinned with brown hair, watching her as she stretched out on her chair. She really had to pee now, but wasn't sure if she could while being ogled by a hot guy. So she laid back on the chair, closed her eyes, and tried to focus on getting a tan.

"Hey Kiki, I think that guy is checking you out," Danielle said.

"I know and I really have to pee."

"So just go. He's too far away to notice anyway." Kiki wasn't sure about that.

"See, it's times like this you should take your beach fashion from your mother," Cheryl said. She sighed and again they could hear a soft hissing as Cheryl again soaked her bottoms.

"What do I do, Mom? He really is watching me and I don't want to get caught."

Cheryl smiled. "Just roll over on your stomach, keep your legs together, and just let it go."

Kiki did as she was told, rolling over on her stomach. She pressed her legs together and tried to relax, but nothing happened. She could feel pressure in her bladder, but the thought of the man still watching her made her nervous. "Is he still looking?" she asked.

"Yep," Lara said.

The pain in her bladder was too much. "Okay, I don't care. I'm just gonna go." Kiki relaxed and sighed. In spite of her mother's recommendation, she spread her legs a bit and let go. The crotch of her suit filled up and she could hear the trickle of her pee falling through the material of her beach chair and into the sand. The warm pee caressed the insides of her thighs, just as it had many times in her bed. For a moment she didn't care if she was being watched as she let loose full force. "Mmm...oh," she panted. The warmth was spreading up her one piece bathing suit and she could feel it on her tummy. The force of her pee against the chair tickled her clitoris and she gasped again. Her toes curled as she bit her lip and enjoyed a small orgasm.

"I think you like being watched," Danielle said, laughing.

"Maybe I do."

