Exploring with Kim

18th February 2006, 06:19 PM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Our first experience of watersports (see First Experience....First Post) had a considerable influence on the sexual relationship Kim and I continued for a further two years (I know, I know - why did we ever break up?!).

Once the ice had been broken, so to speak, our sex became less inhibited, at least as far as our frustratingly infrequent opportunities for privacy allowed. When possible - i.e. risk of discovery by parents judged to be small - we would sneak to the bathroom together to indulge ourselves by repeating what we had discovered.

The next step change was inevitably going to require complete privacy, which of course is not easy when both parties are still living at home with parents. Fortunately, an ideal opportunity to further explore the subject of watersports was not long in coming: my parents went away on annual holiday to the Balkans for a week, leaving house and family car to me. Both of us had temporary summer jobs - Kim lived less than a mile away - and so the opportunity would have to be taken in the evenings.

The catalyst was simply a case of an evening out at the local pub: I was nearly 18 but never had any difficulty in getting served, while Kim had just passed her 18th. Of course, things are a lot more difficult now in this respect.

I seem to remember that we ate an inexpensive bar snack, washed down with a couple of pints of Ansells Bitter in my case and several Babychams for Kim. It was encouraging to note that Kim refrained from visiting the Ladies during the evening but by 9.30pm or so, we were already walking back to my parents place - it took about 15 minutes.

On arrival, I made a cup of coffee for us both and we took that upstairs with us: there was no real preamble as such, we both knew what we were going to do. After not many minutes, we were naked together in bed - actually quite a big deal, bearing in mind the furtive approach to sex normally forced on us. We had not been kissing and cuddling for long when I decided to put my tongue to good use in Kim's neat pussy. This was something I had read about quite extensively in various mens' magazines and was eager to try.

To my surprise Kim didn't object, and as I began to lap gently with my tongue, my olfactory sense came very much to the fore and I knew at once that this extremely exciting new experience was for me! Kim gasped and said "Oh, that's lovely....but if you don't stop I'll wet the bed". I continued my ministrations for a moment and then broke away, as such an event would have been a difficult one to deal with!

In response to my question, Kim readily agreed that I could watch and we made our way to the bathroom, which my parents had obligingly recently had refitted, including full tiling (for those viewing in black-and-white, the colour of the suite was trendy Avocado!). To my surprise and rising excitement, Kim didn't make for the loo but instead straddled the edge of the bath and sat on the edge but with her pussy angled slightly into the bath. She spread her legs and it seemed the most natural thing in the world for me to kneel next to her and to recommence the attention I had been giving her pussy with my tongue. Admittedly, access was very awkward with her positioned that way but we were young, keen and flexible!

Kims' pussy was dribbling with natural lubrication and she tasted good....she grabbed the edge of the bath with one hand and braced herself against the wall with the other. Her breathing quickened and a flush spread to her neck and chest (36C). Suddenly she reached orgasm - a hot jet of pee shot from her pussy, wetting me before splashing into the bath, drumming on the plastic. Kim smiled at me, opened her legs wide and with that now-familiar and distinctive hissing noise, let rip with a noisy cascade of urine.

As she finished, she said "now it's your turn". I stood by the bath and as Kim was holding my erection we soon found that it wasn't going to be easy for me to let go. After some minutes of trial and error my erection subsided somewhat and I managed to let go my own pee to mingle with hers in the bath. After I had finished, Kim began touching me so that I was soon hard again: my own orgasm wasn't long in following, though I recall that I had to help myself a bit!

We finished off by showering together in the bath - how daring that seemed at the time - and then it was time for Kim to go home, as by now the time was about 23.30....it didn't do to incur parental wrath unnecessarily: we were both savvy enough to realise that this would only lead to restrictions.

What?! No intercourse, I hear you ask? Actually, no - although Kim was on the Pill (she suffered dreadfully with her periods) - that particular event was still three or four months into the future....and I'll cover that in a future post, though it will have to be wrapped up with another event as otherwise some will be saying I am off-topic!

