The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 6

20th April 2005, 06:58 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is chapter 6 of 10. Thanks to all of you that replied with comments about the story. The comments will help with the direction of the later chapters.

This chapter is the introduction for the middle daughter, Lisa. reply with your thoughts.

I'm not sure what I will do with the youngest daughter, Julie, but I heard that she has a job behind the bar at a gentlemen's club, where some of the girls are a little bit kinky. You the readers will need to direct it from there.

The Farmer's Daughters Chap 6

«Lisa check this out», as Karen handed her a gallon size jug of cranberry juice. «Ken got me a fifth of vodka to mix in it. You really can't tell can you?» The girls had only been in the car a few minutes, heading for the beach. «We've got to celebrate the end of our senior year and new beginning, by the way have you decided, are you going to graduate school?»

Lisa was glad she was spending the day with her buddies. They always seemed to have fun together, especially when they were at the beach. Karen and Cindy were both pretty and always attracted a lot of attention where ever they ventured. They liked teasing the guys and there was usually a group there that they liked to hang with. She'd worn her new yellow bikini under a pair of torn, cut off, jean short shorts. The shorts were so brief that you could only wear them over a bikini. The swimsuit peeked out around the bottom of her rear. Besides, being «accident prone» she knew she could get away with more this way. The three of them usually dressed the same, and except for the colors of their bikinis, tight T-shits and hair, looked like they were triplets.

Cindy drove so Karen and Lisa shared a little of the jug. They also shared a few stories about school, a party the weekend before and their future plans. Lisa said she was glad she was graduating in accounting and since Ginger graduated in business maybe they could start something together. She said she wasn't going back to school and didn't know what the future would bring. Her sister, Julie had graduated from high school over three years ago and the last time she spoke with her, she still hadn't decided about a career. Lisa confided that Julie was becoming a little tramp and her mother wasn't very happy about it.

They were at the beach and quickly searched for a place to park. A biker group had descended on the little beach community and it was crowded with motorcycles. The police were changing the traffic patterns to accommodate all the visitors including the bikers. They bikers were only too happy racing the throttles on their motors as they cruised the streets, many with their girlfriends on the back. Lisa noticed they were burly and un-kept and were wearing dirty jeans and «leathers». Most of their girlfriends were dressed just to show off and it was obvious many probably worked as dancers or worse. Our girls suddenly realized that this might be quite a show. They finally found a suitable place to park on a side street.

The nice weather was welcome for the beginning of summer, but the girls didn't notice too many people on the beach or near the water. They guessed it was still a little cold for swimming in the surf. The girls waited, sitting in the sand, while sharing what was left of their mixed drink. They decided fake ID might come in handy, so they brought along sandals and purses in case they found their way into one of the bars along Main Street. Bars were expensive but maybe someone else would buy them drinks. The girls new each other well enough that they had basically the same things on their minds: guys and fun.

Walking down the crowded Main Street, they noticed plenty of shops and bars. Entertainment was already being provided for a fun afternoon. The crowd wasn't just bikers, but a lot of biker watchers as well. The girls saw very few people that they recognized and a lot that they were not accustomed to seeing. Some of the «biker chicks» as they heard the guys refer to them, were dressed pretty provocatively. Some wore skimpy bikini swimsuits with leather chaps, sunglasses, a fancy hat with a feather stuck in the hatband and high-heeled boots or shoes. A few were wearing nearly the same outfit with sexy tops and satin boy cut, short shorts that showed every crease of skin under them. A few others had on skin tight, faded jeans or jeans with holes in them in all the wrong places. They stopped to watch one particular group.

«Look Lisa, I think she took the same short cut you take sometimes» Cindy teasingly pointed out a sexy brunette getting off the back of some guys bike. The seat of her light blue bikini was obviously discolored. Her leather chaps only accentuating the fact that she'd peed herself. Cindy and Lisa watched her walk over and talk to a couple of guys and several other girls. She had that almost semi-circular stain on her bikini both front and rear that could only indicate one thing. One of her girl friends gestured to her crotch as she walked up saying something, but all she did was momentarily hold her hand over her pussy and stand on her toes, while crossing her legs at her ankles. «I don't believe it, she's striking a pose, and she doesn't care.» Cindy noticed that the girl really didn't care and wasn't the least bit embarrassed about wetting herself. No one else seemed to pay any further attention to her, almost like they'd all seen it before.

The vodka cranberry juice was having an affect on Lisa and she was soon thinking about a place to go pee. All the shops had posted fresh signs about «No Public Restrooms» and so it wasn't going to be easy. She was glad she'd worn these faded cut offs. If she had worn something else it would have been a lot more difficult.

Karen was thinking the same as well. «I wonder if we should go to the beach to pee». Just realizing that they had never peed in those awful bathrooms. Lisa, especially, had a phobia about dirty toilets. Karen had heard Lisa say before that she would just go in her pants if a clean bathroom wasn't at least somewhat convenient. In fact, Karen had seen Lisa wet her pants just like the girl in the blue bikini. Sometimes doing it without saying a word. Like most girls their ages, they still peed in their swimsuits. Usually though, they were already wet from the water so it would go unnoticed.

«You guys, I don't want to go there, we have our ID, lets go up the street to «Eddies», I'm sure we can get in». Lisa and Karen quickly agreed with Cindy and they were off, giggling at some more of the town's visitors. Lisa almost casually released a little of her bladder's pent up pressure.

The doorman only glanced at their ID's, quickly passing them through. Lisa had noticed him staring at her crotch until she covered herself with her purse. The inside of the tavern was dark and it took them a few seconds to adjust to the light. It was mid-afternoon and a lot of people were coming in for beverages. Lisa saw the brunette in the blue bikini. She was standing near the front of the room with a few more of her friends having a beer. The stain on her bottom was drying but leaving a distracting discoloration. There was a line for the bathroom and they quickly joined it. Lisa noticed the floors were quite dirty, sandy and a little wet from spillage. She felt herself let some more go, feeling her bikini quickly accept the offering before running down her legs. She moved between Karen and the wall.

The line went quickly and then they were finished. Lisa had entered the stall so that Karen and Cindy wouldn't be suspicious and used the privacy to examine the damage. She was wet, but it wasn't as obvious as what the brunette had done. Maybe no one would notice.

As long as they were inside they decided to have a drink. A space at the bar allowed them to order something that would cure their thirst. They could also stay awhile to check out the other patrons. Lisa watched a strikingly tall and beautiful raven-haired, thirty-five year old women enter the bar. A couple of biker's greeted her and her girlfriend. Lisa noticed that she was dressed like the others with heels and chaps but was wearing a satin blouse that helped display a pair of beautiful breasts.

They could even have been real. Lisa focused on her matching pastel-violet colored, boy cut, short-shorts and realized that like the brunette she didn't need to get in line for the bathroom either. They were freshly and obviously peed. Under her shorts you could see the outline of a string panty with the front panel covering her «mons» and the string sides looping up over her hips to a matching panel in back. Her wetting was larger than the panel and maybe it was lucky that she'd worn a panty under her shorts. Lisa guessed that without the panel, her wetting would have really displayed her pussy lips and left nothing to the imagination. Lisa's own lips were a little swollen and itchy from the soaking they had received while still confined in her bikini.

The pretty women saw the brunette's friends and walked past Lisa's spot at the bar to join them. She really seemed like a «hottie,» and was very sexy. Even more sexily dressed than the other women in the room. Lisa could not help but notice her rear as she passed. Her shorts were perfect for her, fully displaying a hard bubble bottom, the strings on her panty pulled up very high before connecting to the rear panel. The high tide mark on her butt was almost a mirror of the one in front.

When the girls met they hugged and rubbed cheeks, not wanting to mess their lipstick, Lisa thought. It was only too obvious that this lady had wet her pants and her friends were just accepting it as nothing. Lisa moved a little closer to the bar as she felt her bikini dampen slightly, again followed by a new wetness that soon started down her leg. «Good», she thought, «that at least helped the itch go away». She new it was useless to but her hand down there, but then suddenly caught a guy staring at the space between her legs. She stopped peeing.

The afternoon was wearing on and the girls finished their drinks and left Eddies. Lisa stopped at the doorway to put on her sunglasses, and noticed the same guy was still staring at her ass. «Oh well» she thought to herself «I guess at least one person noticed». She laid her hand over her crotch to see how wet she was, still figuring that Karen and Cindy didn't know.

Broad daylight was not going to hide much and as the girls strolled along the boardwalk. Karen noticed more than a few people checking out Lisa and didn't think much about it until she caught Lisa's reflection in a store window. They'd stopped to look at a clothing display and while checking what was for sale, she noticed the stain on Lisa's cut offs. She turned and, «You were wetting in your pants in there weren't you, I thought you were awfully quiet».

«Common you guys, I wasn't the only one, those biker girls do it to. Did you see that one lady, no other piece of clothing could have been more obvious. She also must of done it on purpose. At least mine was an accident and no one really noticed. Well maybe one guy saw me, but I figure that if they can wet their pants like that, why can't I?»

The rest of the afternoon went normally with Lisa's itch returning once in a while only to disappear after a little release. Lisa had learned long ago that by letting out small spurts she could maintain a higher state of arousal, especially in that area between her legs. Her soaking swimsuit was messaging her pussy and bottom hole as they cruised the boardwalk. It felt so good to 'just do it' that after a while, she felt she could almost start a series of mini orgasms.

It cools down quickly at the beach and by early evening Cindy thought they should leave for home. Lisa said that her mother was probably expecting her as well and so they walked towards the car. «Lisa your butt is all wet, here sit on this towel and please don't pee in the car, my parents will have a fit.» Cindy knew about her friends little accidents and saw that her butt was wet in a stain that could only be described as «obvious». She didn't care if Lisa wet her pants, in fact, the two of them had been shopping once with Lisa's mom. Cindy noticed a fresh circular stain on the back of Lisa's mothers dress and realized that just like Lisa sometimes did, her mother must still wet her panties too.

The way home required them to drive Main Street and have a final look at the bikers. The raven-haired women was standing by a group of riders and their motorcycles. She was even more attractive in the bright evening light and still very sexy. Lisa commented to Cindy and Karen about her incredible figure.

«Lisa look you were right she does wet her pants, see her shorts» Lisa saw the same thing that Cindy saw except that this had to be a fresh release. It was a little smaller than the stain she'd seen earlier. How obvious and she still didn't seem to care.

