A Delightful Surprise

2nd June 2013, 08:40 PM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

This is a story I have been working on for a while now. It is a personal fantasy of mine and I hope you like the story. WARNING: The fantasy is revolving around a Ladyboy so if that is not your thing then just pass the story by.

I knocked back my tenth whiskey and passed the glass to the bartender and gestured for another. He tried to tell me that I had had enough but I just stared at him and he sighed before pouring me another. It was not the day that I wanted to be messed with. My partner of ten years had left me for my best friend. I am normally the guy who believes nothing is perfect; it's true that all things end so why should I approach a relationship differently?

Well I was a fool to think I could do that. Love is unexplainable and for so many of us it is unattainable, it is just beyond our grasp. We can never tell when it will wrap its intoxicating cloak around our world and once it does it never truly leaves us. I hate her more than I thought possible to hate someone, she has ruined my life but I will never stop loving her. Love changes us, it betters us, it humbles us and it humanizes us. It will never be possible to understand the complexities of love but the one thing that no person can deny is that we all yearn for it, our life feels incomplete without the intensity that it bathes us in.

Why did I go to the bar? I had plenty of whiskey at my new apartment and I would not have been paying an arm and a leg for each glass. Perhaps it was because the animalistic part of my «self' wanted revenge and what would be the best form of revenge than through my lust? No does not make any sense, she slept with my childhood friend; all I would be doing would be sleeping with a stranger. I sighed; I may as well go home because I was not going to achieve anything sitting along drinking myself into the gutter while the frustrated bartender looked on with disgust.

I pushed myself away from the bar and turned while holding the stool to steady myself. That was when I saw her; she had just walked into the bar. She had raven black hair that flowed enchantingly past her shoulders. Her eyes were piercing, I felt naked standing before her. A shudder went up my spine; there was something about her eyes, mahogany brown that was so commanding. Her nose was slender and reminded me of the paintings of the Renaissance, when modernity embraced classicism. Her succulent ruby red lips were so enticing, teasing me with their dainty curves.

My gaze hesitantly moved down past her luxuriously long neck, I paused when I saw how square her shoulders were but I did not dwell on it. I could feel those eyes on me when I greedily took in her ample breasts, her backless Zuhair Murad dress barely able to contain them. The seductive black dress clung to her bodacious body showing of her glorious hour glass figure. I did not need to see her turn to know that she had a derriere that Beyonc� would be envious of. I was transfixed by how long her legs were, the light dancing off them and then there were her fabulous almost Elven feet on display in a delicate pair of Louis Vuitton's.

My eyes finished their little lustful adventure and when I met her gaze my heart somersaulted! She had the most dazzling smile, her eyes were sparkling, her teeth white as snow and they shined brighter than the North Star against the backdrop of her caramel skin. My heart was beating faster than a jackhammer as she started walking no, gliding towards me; the sway of her hips trapping me where I stood. I was hers for the taking!

«Do you like what you see?» she purred as she tangled me in her web.

«You have no idea how much I do,» I managed to stammer as her arms snaked around my neck pulling my head towards hers.

«Show me.» She pulled my face to hers and our lips locked, our tongues dancing the eternal tango. Then to my dismay she pulled away planted a moist kiss on my right cheek and left the bar, but before she exited the doors she used one of the darts to pin a piece of paper to the wall. It was her address. Was it some sort of sign? Was this why I had decided to go to the bar? It did not matter, she wanted me and I more than wanted her, that was all that mattered. I did not need any more convincing.

I leapt towards the piece of paper, almost worried that if I did not some other underserving guy would snatch it. I figuratively ripped open my wallet and then I froze, staring at me was a photo of me blissfully happy embracing Michelle, the woman of my dreams. Those two smiling faces were looking right through me, judging me. A wave of red hot anger consumed me, they drove me to here and to the woman at the bar and whatever were to happen next would be 100% on their heads. I snatched the photo from its pocket and then unpinned the address; I looked at it and realized that ever her writing screamed sex.

I stepped outside the bar into the welcoming blackness of the night then I walked over to a man wearing a black leather jacket, tight blue skinny jeans and black steel toed boots. To top it all off he was also wearing sunglasses, it was hard not to laugh at his pathetic attempt to conform. I asked him for his lighter and to my delight it was a Zippo (this man was living three decades too late). I flipped open the lighter and set the photo ablaze; from the way he choked on his cigarette spluttering and coughing I could tell he had blinked a good few times. I smiled and handed it back to him, I was now ready to go on my adventure.

I adjusted the mirror to look at my reflection. I was sitting in my Lincoln at a red light and I noticed a few beads of sweat gathering on my forehead. This would be the first woman I've been with since Michelle so I was nervously excited. The light turned green and I sped forward barely under the limit. I didn't even pay attention to what buildings I was passing; my mind was focused on her and nothing else. My determination to see her unclothed was the only thing preventing me from swerving all over the place, I still don't know how eleven whiskeys down I was able to drive at all.

I pulled into the driveway and I looked at the address once more making sure that I was at the right place. I don't know why I checked as my satnav led me here anyway. Perhaps I checked because I was still not sure that this was actually happening. I opened my car door and stepped out revelling in the cool breeze that ruffled my hair. I locked the car and tentatively started walking towards the house (the song «One Step In Front of the Other» was circling through my mind). With each step I took the house loomed more and more. I tilted my head back and saw one window on, a glowing light floating magically in the air as the darkness surrounded it.

I reached the front door and saw a piece of paper with an arrow pointing down; she had also left the mark of her kiss underneath, her invitation. I lifted up the door mat and a smile crept across my face when I saw the key there. This was happening. This was something that men normally fantasize about nut it never happens. I took the key and opened the door; it swung open like a feather in the wind. I took a deep breath partly because this was a big step and I wanted to take in the sensuous smell of her home.

I stepped across the threshold and entered Eden. The floor was a shimmering sea of tile, the walls were cream and looked like they were floating as they melted in to the floor. The light was dancing across the room as it flooded forth from the chandelier. I was speechless, I was standing in the palace of the most perfect princess, my life had led me here and I was no longer hateful towards Michelle, now I was nothing but thankful. I could hear the voice of my good friend Luther caressing my ears from upstairs and after closing the door behind men I moved towards the stairs. I planted my foot on the first step and I began the ascent of my own Everest.

Each step felt like an eternity was passing as I made my way up the Stairway to Heaven. The closer I got to her room the louder Luther's soothing voice became; he has one of those voices that can make you spontaneously orgasm. The handrail that I was gripping on to with all my strength was the finest oak and I paused at the landing before turning onto the second flight of stairs. The turn in the stairs was the change in my life, a new path for a new me. I stole up the last few steps and took another deep breath when I was in the hall and staring at the door straight ahead of me that was slightly ajar, a sliver of light the only indication that it was occupied.

I could hear my own heartbeat as I inched closer to the room; I had to pinch myself to make sure that I was not dreaming. I was standing outside her bedroom door; this was my last chance to leave. I knew that I could not leave even if I wanted to. She had cast her spell and I was hers to use and abuse. I pushed the door open and walked in. The lights were dimmed and the room knew what the mood was, it was eagerly awaiting the show. The walls were a deep red which added to the ambiance. The bed was empty of its owner but the black satin was covered with white rose petals and there was another piece of paper. I gingerly picked it up afraid it would fragment and all this would be over. It had one word written on it.

«SHOWER»

I turned my head to the right and I could see another door, it was open but the angle meant I could not see past it. There was steam billowing out from the room and I instinctively started tearing my clothes off. When I was fully naked I marched into the en suite determined to reach my journey's end. The steam was everywhere but I could make out her figure, the curve of her hips outlined as she stood there waiting, beckoning me forward. Gleefully, mechanically I entered the shower and she pounced on me. Her hands grabbed my hair and she pulled me into a passionate kiss. Her body moulded itself to mine and we were one, in sync with one another's desires.

She knelt down and took me into her mouth; I had to lean against the wall of the shower to deal with the pleasure that was spiralling to my core. Her tongue was caressing my shaft, leaving no area dry. She began to jerk it slowly, tenderly with her right hand as she massaged my balls with her tongue. I do not know how I did not erupt right then. I was combing my fingers through her hair as her tongue continued to coat my cock with her saliva as she gave me the sloppiest blowjob I have ever received, she knew everything that would make me go crazy.

She stood up and kissed me again. I moved my hand down south to rub her pussy but she moved my hand onto her squeezable bubble. I did not mind. It was like holding a piece of heaven in my hands. She leaned into me and whispered «use the blindfold on my bed» and my shaft became completely rigid as my mind raced through the different scenarios she might have in store for me. I kissed her once more before sauntering back to the bedroom. On the pillow on the left side of the bed was the black blindfold and without a moment's hesitation I put it over my eyes and tied it behind me head. I then sat on the edge of the bed facing the bathroom waiting for whatever would happen next.

My ears twitched when I heard the shower turn off and then with each footstep the sweat gathered on my forehead, I did not know what was about to happen but I was eager to find out. I could feel her standing in front of me and I could hear the rise and fall of her breasts as she breathed.

«Get down on your knees and open wide.» I hesitated then smiled, she had a kinky side, I liked that. I was her obedient plaything so I did as instructed and knelt before my Amazonian goddess. I licked my lips and opened my mouth as wide as I could. What happened next was something I never saw coming (though if I had of been paying more attention I really should have). I had opened my mouth expecting a dildo to be placed in my mouth but instead a flaccid cock was. I opened my eyes in shock and then remembered I was wearing a blindfold.

«It is okay baby, don't be scared, enjoy it.» Her words sounded a million miles away; an insignificant noise as my world shifted around me. What was happening? Was this all my imagination? Did I want this to happen? That was when I felt her soft hands comb through my hair, she held my head with tender hands. I was not being forced, if I wanted this to end then all I had to do was pull away. Is that what I wanted? I would be a liar if I said I was not attracted to her but what does that make me? I paused; nothing at all would happen if I was arguing with myself.

«I need to take off the blindfold.» She ruffled my hair and then untied the knot and the blindfold slipped off. I blinked a few times as I adjusted to the light and then I raised my eyes and met hers. She was smiling affectionately, she knew what was going through my head and she was going to be there to be my guiding light. I shifted my attention to her cock that was resting patiently in my mouth, waiting for me to make my move. I slowly pulled my head away and looked at her cock. It was the same colour as her body but it seemed lighter, almost mocha. It was just hanging there waiting to be used. It looked to be about 3 inches, I was curious to see how big it would get. The thought of her being hard was actually turning me on.

I looked up at her and she just nodded, the connection we had was unquestionable, this was not just going to happen, it was supposed to in fact it felt right. I tentatively took her in my right hand and the sight of her cock growing as I started to slowly jerk her was making my member so hard I thought it was going to burst! I continued to jerk her picking up the pace until I knew she would not grow anymore, she was now 6 inches long (1 inch shorter than mine). It was a mesmerising sight, her cock in my hand, I felt at peace with myself. Then I opened my mouth once more and willingly wrapped my lips around her rock hard shaft. I licked the tip tenderly with my tongue and realised that I enjoyed the taste of the pre-cum coating it. I started to suck faster and faster bobbing my head enthusiastically. She pushed my head into her crotch and held me there; I pulled away and gagged as a slimy wad of spit falling to the ground.

She climbed onto the bed and lay down; her pillar standing to attention and I grinned cheekily before crawling over to her. I slithered up her torso and kissed her once more revelling in how she tasted. The feeling of our cocks nuzzling up to each other was more enjoyable than I thought possible. I grabbed onto both of them with my right hand and started humping and she did the same. We were both panting and moaning with delight. I slid back down her voluptuous body and started to bob my head up and down on her cock as she fucked my head.

«Baby, it's time to fuck me.» She had such a sexy voice which made it impossible to refuse. I stopped sucking her cock and positioned my face in front of her puckered asshole. I sniffed and moaned ecstatically at the musty smell. I didn't linger as I dove in sticking my tongue in her ass, the earthy taste was enough to send me over. My tongue took on a mind of its own as it probed in and out swivelling from side to side lathering her hole with my spit. She was moaning loudly as the euphoric sensations coursed like wildfire through her body. She was gripping the sheets between her fingers as my tongue worked its wonders.

«Oh fuck, oh man that feels amazing!» I was glad she lived on her own because she was getting louder by the second. I pulled my head away satisfied that her rectum would now easily make way for my stiff cock. I lifted her legs up in the air so I had unrestricted access to her hole that was quivering with excitement. She gripped her cheeks with her hands and spread them, I loved the site of her ass and her cock still rock hard and dripping wet. I placed the head of my cock at the entrance of her ass and thrust forward with all the force I could muster. It was so tight my cock was being held in a vice-like grip and it felt amazing!

«FUCK ME! FUCK ME!» she was half ordering me and half trying to bear the pain of my cock which was slamming into her ass with each thrust of my pelvis. I gleefully obliged and started to pick up my pace, I was humping ferociously there was nothing else but the two of us in that moment.

«Do you like that? Huh? I can't hear you!» She was convulsing, thrashing as her body was racked with a strong sense of euphoria. I pulled my cock out and then pushed her legs back so she was now in the piledriver position with her ass gaping and her cock pointing to her own face. I took a moment to take in the scene before I plunged once more into the deep depths of her bowels. Only a few hours ago I was a broken shadow of the man I am, I was depressed and dead inside. Now I felt power surging through my veins, I was restored to my former glory and I was a new man. I never would have thought I would be with a ladyboy, hell even a biological woman so soon! I looked at her face and rejoiced at the sight of her jubilant smile, if time could freeze I would want it to happen now!

I snapped back to my body and rammed my cock once more into her resulting in another body-shaking scream that broke the silence which had gathered. I buried my cock until my balls were slapping against her bubble. Each penetrating push of my cock would produce an audible slap as skin collided with skin. Her moans were creating an ever rising cacophony that filled the room which had the pungent odour of sweat and sex in the air. I was moving faster and faster with each shove as I felt the stirrings of the little swimmers that were jostling for the start of their race. She could tell what was happening so she told me to pull out so she could blow me once more. I did not resist as I pulled out and stood with my hands on my hips; my throbbing member standing triumphantly deserving of its rewarding release.

She knelt before me; her arms pushing her breasts towards me; two squeezable fleshy mounds of pure perfection. I smiled affectionately then reached forth to pinch her perky rosebud nipples. I tenderly combed my left hand through her hair and then she took my cock in her right hand and began tugging it fast. I desperately wanted to put my hands on the top of her head but I knew if I did I would explode straight away. She was jerking my cock and coating my balls with her spit. Her tongue was sending tingling sensations to my cock and I could feel my cum moving like molten lava, slowly lurching to the bottom of the chamber, ready to rush up the vent before flowing out to the world. I was gasping; breathing quickly, she knew I was close so she took me in her mouth and started to tease my cock with her tantalising tongue.

«It's coming! It's coming! There was nothing else I could say as my cum started moving rapidly towards the inevitable explosion. She opened her mouth wide and I moaned loudly, a long animalistic noise that reverberated around the room as my jizz spurted out like machine gun fire and plastered her beautiful face creating a delicious gooey glaze. She was smiling as she wiped cum away from her eye, she brought her finger to her mouth and licked it dry. She stood up and told me to kiss her; I felt free as I licked my own cum off her face and swirled it around my mouth enjoying the strong salty attack on my taste buds before I swapped it into her mouth. We kissed like this for a few more minutes before she told me to get on my hands and knees. The thought of what was going to happen was making my mouth water as this would be the first time I've been fucked.

«Don't worry baby» she purred as she patted my ass «you'll enjoy it.» I jumped when I felt the coldness of the lube that she applied to my rectum. She massaged my anus with her thumb spreading the lube and getting me used to the feeling of her hand down there. I bit my lip when she inserted her thumb; it was a strange sensation, almost like she was trying to flick a switch. I tried not to dwell on the fact that her cock was going to be a tighter squeeze as I felt the blend of pleasure and pain flow through my body.

«It's time baby» she told me soothingly «hold the sheets.» I did not have to process her command, I knew that this was going to be quite painful but I desperately wanted it to happen. Nervously I gripped the sheets between my fingers just as she was doing only moments ago. My eyes widened when I felt the head of her cock at the entrance to my ass; it was going to happen any minute now and the expectation was overwhelming. I could not hold back the scream as she shoved her cock into me, all of the thick 6 inches were now filling me up and the sharp stabbing sensation was putting my senses into overdrive. My knuckles were going white as I held tightly onto the sheets. She pulled her cock out and rammed it in again; the pain was unimaginably intense. The more she did it the more I began to enjoy it as the pain was replaced with an indescribable pleasure. I was not screaming or gasping; I was moaning as I needed more.

I started to push my ass into her hips and her cock pushed further inside me. She could tell how much I craved the feeling so she started to thrust quicker as I pushed back more and more. Our bodies were in unison; our desires were synchronized; this was meant to be. Her panting was escalating and becoming more frequent. Her nails were digging into my ass; I knew what was happening, I could feel her body quivering and I could feel her cock throbbing. She was so close to arriving; I just had to return the favour.

«Oh baby, you are so good» she was barely able to make a sentence through her disjointed breathing, «are you ready?»

I felt a pang of sadness rock through my body when she pulled out again as nothing would replace special feelings I had shared with her. I shifted onto my knees with a Cheshire cat smile spread across my face. I had never tasted another person's cum before and I was excited to discover it. She was jerking her cock furiously; the low guttural grunts seemed so out of place but at the same time perfectly at home.

«Baby, I'm gonna cum.» She was moaning loudly, «Fuck! I-AM-CUMMIIINNNGGG!!!»

I opened my mouth as wide as I could and stuck out my tongue. Her warm gooey thick cum shot out and splattered onto my face, a large dollop landed on my tongue and the saltiness was captivating. She was moaning loudly as she pumped the last drops of her spunk onto my face. It was so warm and sticky. I could feel every drop that was spread across my face; absolutely covering it. I licked my lips and tried to catch more of the cum in my mouth; the taste was my nectar; it was irreplaceable.

«Baby» she chirped «let's clean you up.»

She took my hand and led me from the bed back to the bathroom. I could not wait to get back in the shower. When we walked in she told me to get on my knees again. I raised my eyebrow, perplexed. Not knowing what she was planning to do I obediently did as I was told as I did not want to disappoint her. I was kneeling down and looking up at her through cum covered eyes. I saw her cock standing proudly as it pointed at me. She grabbed her cock with her right hand and squeezed the head clasping it shut. When I saw the mischievous smile on her face along with the quick swelling at the base of her cock I knew what was happening.

«I am gonna make you brand new baby.» With that she stopped squeezing and she let out a loud sigh of relief as a bright yellow stream of pee leapt towards me. I gasped with delight at how warm it was. She showered my face with her strong torrent of yellow piss which washed the cum away. Instinctively I opened my mouth and began gulping it down. It tasted better than her cum which was a pleasant surprise. It had an acrid sweetness to it; I could not get enough of it. She shuffled towards me and shoved her still pissing cock down my throat. I was bombarded with pee. It was tumbling down my throat at maximum velocity and she was holding my head against her crotch making it impossible for me to take a breath. After a few seconds she released her hold on me and reeled back coughing and spluttering. A large amount of pee spilt on to the floor as I tried to catch my breath. I swallowed some more before she spurted the last drops on to my face.

«Wow that was amazing.» My voice was hoarse but I had a wide grin across my face that was drenched with pee. I looked at her beautiful cock and knew what I had to do. I wrapped my lips around the shaft once more. My tongue slithered up and down every millimetre of her member licking it dry of cum and pee; my new favourite cocktail.

«That's right baby lick me dry.» She was combing her fingers through my hair once more; it felt so good being cared for by her. I stopped sucking her cock and stood up and we kissed again. She started to slowly rub my dick while she leaned in and whispered in my ear «let's go get dinner.» I nodded in agreement because not only had I worked up an appetite but a meal also meant there was more to this than the sex. I took her hand and followed her back to the bedroom, no, we took each other's hands and walked back to the bedroom. After we got changed back into our clothes and I had showered properly we were about to walk out the door when I realized that I did not knew her name yet.

«I feel terrible asking this only now but what is your name?»

She blinked a few times and then giggled infectiously.

«Baby I do not know your name either.»

I laughed because she was right.

«Well?» I urged.

«Baby, I am Annie» she did a little courtesy as she told me her name making me love her even more. I liked the sound of Annie, it fit like the most perfect of jigsaw pieces.

