Desperate in the Minibus (Fiction)

4th December 2011, 11:15 AM

Author: rydwi69

Location: Scotland (Sex: Male) Posts: 19

Nikki sat down on the toilet, a look of intense relief on her face. She'd made it. Her jeans were down, her pants were down. Finally she could pee. She let out a long sigh as she peed. Relief at last! She tore off some paper, wiped herself, pulled up her knickers and her jeans and went out into the sun.

The boys were waiting for her. They cheered. They sure knew how to embarrass a girl.

Not for the first time she cursed her stupid decision to agree to drive the Boy Scout minibus. She was driving the boys to their camp, a drive of a couple of hundred miles. Mr Fitzroy, the scout master, who lived next door, had bullied her into it. He was that sort of person. He was taking the equipment in his top of the range Range Rover, he said; Mrs Fitzroy was coming to help; Nikki should do something for the community, he said, it was the least she could do.

It was slow going. Every hour or so she had to stop for a pee and in the slow bank holiday traffic that was only about fifty miles.

Oh why oh why had she gone on that stupid diet. The one where she had to drink four pints of water in the morning. She wasn't really overweight; she hadn't needed to do it every morning.

So every fifty miles she had to find a service station or somewhere to stop for a pee. The boys knew why she was stopping of course, and they always cheered when she came out. She'd been desperate this time. The traffic had been so slow and she was sure she'd pee her pants before she reached the next service station. But she'd made it. Blessed relief.

Relief however did not last long. Another forty-five minutes, another thirty miles, and she'd have to go again, soon. A sign came up. Next service station fifteen miles. They had slowed to thirty miles an hour. It was going to be touch and go again!

Leaking slightly she screeched the minibus into the forecourt and ran to the rest rooms. She stopped in horror. On the door of the ladies was a big sign. "Out of order. Next Service Station Thirty Miles."

She ran back to the minibus and stood there cross-legged with a look of desperation on her face.

"Problem Miss?" Malcolm, the senior scout there had always been taught to help a lady in distress.

"They're out of order," wailed Nikki, not that she wanted to discuss her need to pee with a pubescent youth, but what choice did she have, "I'll have to use the men's, I need your help' please."

"Sorry?" Malcolm looked blank.

"I need a pee. Desperately. Please!"

At her need to use the word 'pee' she had turned bright red.

"Oh," said Malcolm, "Right er... Follow me."

Malcolm led the way to the men's, with Nikki scampering cross legged behind him. Her panties were already wet, a few more seconds and she knew the dark stain would appear on her jeans.

They reached the men's facility, Malcolm peered inside. It was empty.

"Okay Miss," he said. Nikki scampered in and stopped in horror. There was an Out of Order sign on the cubicle. There must be a common fault with the ladies.

"Please Malcolm, please," said Nikki, the dam was about to burst, "keep watch for me."

"What are you going to do?"

"Don't ask, just keep watch!"

Malcolm stood outside. A group of lads approached. Malcolm tried to stop them going in. He tried to shout a warning to Nikki. It was no use. They pushed passed and Malcolm followed them in.

The laughter could be heard back at the bus, but it was a full two minutes later before Nikki reappeared bright red and ran back to the minibus with Malcolm trailing after her. The lads appeared at the door jeering.

They had caught her, jeans and pants off, squatting over the wash basin and peeing into it. She hadn't been able to stop. She could only squat there peeing while they watched her.

It was the most mortifying experience of her whole life. Malcolm had seen her peeing. But at least she was comfortable again. And there was another service station in thirty miles.

She pulled on to the motorway and switched on the radio.

«Here is a traffic announcement. A lorry has shed a load of Marmite on the M6 between junctions thirteen and fourteen. Traffic is at a standstill and long delays are expected.»

Almost too late Nikki saw the stationary traffic ahead. She screeched to a halt. She had joined the M6 at Junction 13. There was no way off. They could go neither forwards and backwards and she could already feel the urge to pee again coming on her.

«Please, Please. Move you bastards move,» she banged the steering wheel in rage using language that ought not to be used in front of boy scouts. After twenty minutes she was getting desperate again and there had been absolutely no movement.

The urge between her legs was getting stronger and stronger. Why oh why had she drunk all that water. It wasn't as if she needed to lose much weight. She knew that in five minutes she'd be desperate and that in ten minutes she'd pee her pants. She started to cross her legs and wriggle about uncomfortably.

"Please, please!" She banged on the steering wheel again, but nothing moved.

Ten minutes later and the traffic forecast came back on the radio.

"No end yet in sight for the tailback on the M6. Police say it might be an hour before traffic starts moving again."

Nikki crossed her legs, but she knew it was no use, she was bursting. She was going to have to go. And there was nowhere she could go except the central reservation. She was going to have to get out the minibus, walk onto the central reservation, pull down her pants and pee in front of everyone. Fifty people at least would be able to see her, but what could she do? She couldn't pee in the bus, and if she waited any longer she was going to have to!

She knew she was going to have to do it. She knew she was going to have to pee outside with everybody watching. There was only one way she could bring herself to do it. If she had her hands over her face so she couldn't see the people looking at her and they couldn't recognise her. For all she knew the dreadful Fitzroy's were stuck in the same jam. She would never live it down if they recognised her as the girl peeing in public on the central reservation. To do this she'd have to take off her pants in the minibus and go out naked from the waist down. It was the only way she could keep her hands over her face.

She crossed her legs tighter as as she felt a bit of moisture dribble down her leg. She stood up and blushing furiously announced to the boys in the minibus.

"I'm going to have to go outside to pee. I'm going to take my pants off in the minibus. Close your eyes and don't any of you dare look."

"We won't," said Malcolm straight faced.

"Scout's honour?"

"Scout's honour," they replied, and no scout could give a pledge more binding.

"Well go on then, close your eyes."

They did. Nikki unfastened her jeans. They all had their eyes tight shut. She pulled them down as fast as she could. She would burst if she didn't go soon.

She was wearing nothing but a tee shirt. She looked out at the stationary traffic with the people staring around bored. Waiting for something to happen. Well, something was going to happen. She couldn't wait any longer. She was desperate.

Taking a deep breath she slid back the door of the minibus, and putting her hands over her face she jumped out and stepped on to the central reservation. She squatted down and oh, the blessed relief as the pee started to flow. A steady jet of relief. Under her hands her face burned fiery red, but she couldn't see the people and they couldn't recognise her. The embarrassment was just about bearable.

Then it started. A loud blast on a horn. What was it? Was the traffic starting? Another blast, then another, and soon all the vehicles around were honking their horns.

They must be going. The traffic must be starting. She had to see. Dropped her hands and looked round. Nothing was moving. A sea of faces were looking at her. In the minibus the scouts had their faces pressed up against the window, in the driving seat Malcolm had his hand pressed down on the horn, attracting everyone's attention, making sure everybody looked; and behind them Mr and Mrs Fitzroy stared open mouthed from their top of the range Range Rover. She was in mid-pee and couldn't stop. She smiled bleakly and waved. It was the least she could do.

