Nice surprise on my ride

25th September 2011, 10:07 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I went out for a long bike ride yesterday afternoon. It had been rainy the past two, almost three, days and I was getting cabin fever. Finally, about mid-day, the clouds started to break up and the roads began to dry.

I'm still on the road, traveling for my work, much as I have been nearly all this summer. But, this week I'm visiting where I lived some years ago, so I knew my way around. I planned a route that took me down mostly back roads, along fields and forests, then two beaches, before returning me by way of more countryside.

It was almost four before I left, which meant I had about three hours before sunset. That meant I could get in a good forty miles, maybe fifty if I didn't stop.

The first hour was pretty routine, pretty in terms of the scenery I rolled by, and routine in that I'd been there many times before. I'd made sure I had plenty to drink before I set off, then kept sipping from my first bottle every ten minutes or so.

I probably wasn't more than thirty minutes down the road when I first noticed THAT certain feeling. Many years ago, I learned that it's best for cyclists to ride with a somewhat full bladder, it offers some protection for those delicate areas, sort of a shock absorber when going over bumps. So, it didn't bother me, at least at first! But, with each passing mile it kept getting a little more urgent.

Twenty miles, about 70 minutes, into the ride I was no longer enjoying it and knew I couldn't last much longer. This part of the route was a little too developed, with houses every hundred feet or so, but, if I could make it to the beaches, I knew a trail that ran between the two that offered relief. More than a decade ago I was dating a woman here and we enjoyed many evenings hiking the trail, then a short walk through the tall grass into the dunes, where we'd enjoy a picnic, a little after-dinner entertainment (sometimes before, too!), and, usually many beers. And, if memory serves me well, almost as many pees! For, it was here, with her, I discovered (okay, rediscovered!) my love for watersports. Ah, fond memories!

Lost in those delicious thoughts, I picked up the pace the next ten minutes, trying to ignore my, er, pressing situation. I flew past the first beach, holding on for dear life as I made the turnoff for the trail, then slowed once on the packed-earth. Just another half mile until I found my old favorite spot, a side trail to the dunes. I could barely make it! I stopped, set the bike down and took a half dozen steps. No time to walk all the way to the sand, as I pulled myself out of my shorts and just let go.

No sooner than I started peeing, I heard a sound to my right. Looking over I noticed a woman, say early thirties, standing what seemed to be no more than ten yards away.

I smiled (what else could I do), then mouthed "Sorry". Full as I was, there was no way I could stop my stream. She started to look away, then at the growing puddle in front of me.

"It's okay. Seems I'm not the only one who needed to stop. And, if you don't mind...", her voice dropping off.

I wasn't looking directly at her, or her at me as I continued to empty. She walked towards a wide spot on the trail, amazingly, a little closer and, almost facing me, pulled her shorts down. She squatted and, a few seconds later I could see, out the corner of my eye, a tiny river of pee running towards mine.

As I finally was finishing, she spoke again.

"I could't... hold it. I really.... had to pee, then seeing you...", trailing off again.

I don't think she was embarrassed by our situation and her matter-of-factness took away any I might have had. She had caught me in a vulnerable moment, then put me at ease.

I squeezed out the last drops, then put myself away. Somehow , I wasn't just ready to walk away, so I took another moment to readjust my shorts, all the while looking past my handiwork toward her puddle, still flowing towards mine.

I was about to leave, when she stood, pulled up her shorts and spoke again.

"You come here often? Oh, that sounds like a bad come on line, but it's pretty funny right now. Sorry, if I, uh, burst in on you, but I was bursting, too."

She was practically laughing now about our encounter. It appeared she was someone who would easily open up around strangers, and, um, I guess she just did!

Finally looking right at her, I answered her question.

"No, but I used to live here and this place brings back memories."

We continued talking freely, both of us no longer in a hurry. She told me name was Melanie, she'd lived in town a few years, but moved there after I left, and loved to hike, sometimes run. Occasionally, out on the trail, she'd get caught short and just pop a squat to the side. She said almost never found anyone out there, even on weekends, in the offseason, so was a little surprised to come upon me. Still, our chance meeting didn't bother her and, as a long time user of the outdoors, she'd been there before.

I had to get back on my bike finish my ride before sunset, so we had to hurry our conversation. I really liked her and would have asked her for a date, but I was leaving in a few days. Still, we exchanged numbers and I told her I'd give her a call the next time I was passing through.

We hugged and as I turned , she left me laughing.

"Of course, when you return, we'll have to stop meeting like this!"

"Yes, but this is one of my favorite places", I replied, walking away.

"I know, mine too! Bye!"

Ah! It brought back such wonderful memories!

