Kaele1gh's American Vacation: Day 1

10th March 2011, 12:38 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Sunday, June 12, 2011

I await at the El Paso International Airport with great anticipation. According to the monitors Kaeleigh's Delta flight from Atlanta will be at the gate shortly. I can't believe that we are finally going to meet.

I realize that she will be exhausted when she arrives. The flight from Johannesburg to Atlanta was over 16 hours long, and, after a layover of about an hour, it was another almost four hours to El Paso. I take this into account, realizing that she will certainly look and feel tired as she arrives.

Plans for her two week visit have already been made. The first week I plan to take her around my part portion of the States, the desert southwest of West Texas and Southern New Mexico. Tomorrow we will be taking the two hour trip to Carlsbad Caverns, where we will spend a couple of days exploring the caves, as well as watching hundreds of thousands of bats take flight. We will then travel to Roswell, NM, where some people believe a UFO crashed back in the 50s. We will then visit the tall pines of the Lincoln National Forest, where we will do a little bit of camping. We will then return to El Paso, ready for the next portion of the trip.

That portion will cover some of the attractions that she wants to see while in America. We will head for California, where we will spend the first few days in San Diego. I definitely plan to take her to a San Diego Padres baseball game, so that she can experience America's past time. We will have to determine whether she wants to hit the San Diego Zoo, the San Diego Wild Animal Park, or Sea World while there. A trip to the beach is a must. From there we will travel north to Orange County and Los Angeles, where we will spend the remainder of our trip. We'll take at least a couple of days exploring Disneyland and Disney's California Adventure. We'll see some the sites in L.A. while there, like Hollywood, Beverly Hills, Rodeo Drive, and the La Brea Tar pits. Finally, we'll head back to El Paso, from where she will unfortunately leave to return home.

But that's still two weeks in the future. Right now I am anxious and excited to finally see her in person, after over a year of communicating via PeeSearch replies, PMs, and emails.

The escalator starts to crowd with passengers. I hope they just came from her flight. I stand and look for her, hardly able to contain my excitement. Finally, after a couple of anxious moments, I see her step on the escalator. She had sent me some photos of her when we had finalized plans for this trip, and she looked beautiful in all of them. Still, they did not do her justice. She looks incredibly beautiful riding down that escalator, wearing a pair of blue jeans and a white, low cut shirt. She is sporting a huge smile on her face, and looks fresh and alert, a far cry from tired, weary look that I was expecting. I have always felt that she was getting the short end of the stick in this mutual fantasy we share, and was now more convinced of that then ever. I just hope she doesn't feel the same way after catching sight of me.

Her eyes scan the crowd, and quickly she sees me. Finding a tall guy in a crowd wearing a bright orange T-shirt isn't exactly a hard thing to do. She waves and blows me kiss, which I immediately return. As the escalator reaches the bottom she runs over to me, and we start hugging each other. I begin to give her a quick peck on the lips, but it doesn't stop there. Instead we become locked in a deep, passionate kiss. I'm sure that there must be people staring, but I don't care. I know that every guy there wishes he could be in my shoes.

We talk about a number of things as we get her luggage, make the way to my car, and drive to my house: how great it is to finally meet each other in person, how her flight went, the plans for the next two weeks, and several other topics. She scans the surroundings on the drive to my place, taking note of the desert landscape, perhaps wishing we were in some place greener, w/ more trees.

After about a 20 minute drive we arrive at my house. Upon entering the house I offer to give her a tour.

«I'm sorry, Mark, but I'm really tired,» she responds. «Can you just show me to the bedroom for now? You can show me around the house and around town later.»

I take her upstairs the bedroom. Standing next to the bed I am surprised when she tackles me, causing both of us to tumble on the bed. Lying on top of me, she gives me another deep, passionate kiss. I feel as if I am in heaven as our lips lock and our tongues explore each other's mouths. I love the feel of her on top of me, her body against mine, her large, beautiful tits pressed against my chest. I am in paradise.

She breaks off our kiss and says «I've got a surprise for you.» I am momentarily curious, but then I feel it. She is pissing hrr jeans, and the piss is running all over my shorts as well. I have dreamed of moments like this, imagined how good it must feel from reading the stories of similar instances on PeeSearch. It feels even better that I imagined it, her piss soaking my shorts, wetting my dick, balls, and legs, and puddling underneath my ass. She has apparently been holding it for quite a while, as the piss flows for well over a minute. I can tell from her reaction as we start to kiss again, that she is enjoying this too.

I roll us over so that now I am on top of her, the two of us still enjoying our embrace. I pull up her shirt enough so that I have access to her wonderful tits. I fondle both of them in my hands, alternately licking and sucking on her nipples. I suck as much of a tit as I can in my mouth, before releasing and going on to the next one. I could play w/ her lovely chest all day long, but I want more, and continue working my way down her body.

I unbutton her wet jeans, and peel them off of her body. I put my face down between her legs and take a sniff of her soaking wet panties. I place my mouth on her panties above her pussy and start to suck the piss out of them. Before this I have only tasted my own piss - now I am really enjoying hers as I start to lick her pussy through her panties. Eventually I pull her panties aside and start to lick her naked pussy.

She rewards me with a quick squirt of piss, one she had been saving. I eagerly drink it, then return to licking up and down her pussy lips, tonguing her clit, and inserting my tongue into her pussy. I feel her body shudder in orgasm, and I enjoy her juices. I continue to lick, and feel her orgasm once more.

After coming down from that orgasm I hear her say «Piss on me, Mark. Please, piss on me.»

I remember how much of a fantasy come true this is for her as well. Like me, all of her pee play has been solo up to now. She is as eager to feel my piss as I was eager to feel and taste hers.

I take off my pants and underwear and stand at the edge of the bed. She moves next to me. I take my cock and aim it at her pussy. I start to piss a strong stream at her pussy. She gasps as the hot pee hits her pussy lips, and starts to rub herself. After several seconds I start to move my stream up her body, stopping to thoroughly soak her tits. She takes her other hand and rubs the piss all over her tits as I wet them, a site more erotic than any I had ever seen.

Finally I direct the last of my piss to her mouth. I know that she doesn't like to drink, but she's willing to let it run in and out of her mouth, giving her a taste. Watching her eagerly open her mouth for my piss is an amazing site. As my stream weakens she surprises me by swallowing a bit, I guess to show me how happy she is to share this with me. I am so turned on that I lay on top of her and immediately start to kiss her again, tasting my piss on her lips. Her fingers, working their magic, soon bring her to another orgasm.

«Kaeleigh,» I whisper in her ear, «I want to fuck you.»

«Yes, Mark, yes, fuck me. I want it too!»

I slide my cock into her wet pussy, and start thrusting with all of my might. I can feel her body shake beneath me as we fuck. It is an incredible feeling, with me inside her, an absolute dream come true. It doesn't take long before I feel her body tense up again. Knowing what is coming pushes me over the edge, and we cum together. This has been easily the greatest sexual experience of my life.

We lay in each other's arms afterward, cuddling and kissing each other on the wet bed. «Mark, I really am exhausted after that trip. Let me take a nap, and then I'd love it if you show me around.»

I'm wide awake, but I continue to hold her as she falls asleep. Holding her there in my arms feels like a little slice of heaven.

