Do you like making water?

21st March 2015, 07:26 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I've been know to go hiking. I probably wouldn't be understating it if I said I've been a thousand times. Most of the time I'd head out on the trail by myself. But, my favorite experiences almost always involve women.

One time I invited this one in her early thirties along. I was a few months older. We'd probably known each other a year or more, but had never actually gone out. It's not that she wasn't what I considered dating material, but our calendars hadn't worked out.

So we set out one Saturday on an easy trail. We'd make it a short day, just long enough to see if we liked each other. An hour or so up the trail we stopped for a break. We found a large log and, taking our packs off, sat down on it side by side. We got out our water bottles, quenched our thirsts and talked. We talked about many things and found we had a lot in common. Talking with her was easy and five minutes quickly turned to ten, then fifteen.

After a pause in the conversation, she turned to me and spoke again. "Do you like making water?"

I had just taken a drink and almost choked. I was startled, not so much by the question, but by the way she asked it. Making water, what a quaint expression. I hadn't heard it in a long while.

I must have smiled as I spit out a bit of my drink. Then, only after a some moments passed, finally blurted something, probably as profound as "Er, I suppose".

But, it was all the invitation she needed. Pulling a leg opening of her shorts to one side, she proceeded to make a stream of water in front of me. In silence, I stared and watched it rise and then wane.

As I, too, felt a need to make my own water, something started to rise in me. Sitting there semi-erect, I would have felt awkward had I been unable to pee. Fortunately, I made a good stream. And, she got to see me with pretty near a hard on.

Needless to say, we started dating. And we kept making water.

No, I don't suppose there are any women around here who like making water.

