/chrissy-and-elizabeth-part-1/34597/

Chrissy and Elizabeth (Part 1?)

13th April 2009, 07:59 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Here is a fictional story that I created. Please bear with me for a number of reasons:

This is my first post.

This is my first attempt at erotic fiction.

While I think I'm pretty good at writing non-fiction, I suck at writing fiction.

Despite all of the above, I hope you enjoy.

_____

Chrissy and Elizabeth were roommates in college. Both women were extremely attractive, Chrissy with her long, brown hair, her tall frame, and her athletic build. Elizabeth was a fiery red head, was a little bit shorter than Chrissy, and was also very athletic. The two had hit it off right away, quickly becoming best friends.

Just a month into their first semester they became more than just friends. Elizabeth had gone out on a date one night, leaving Chrissy alone in the dorm room. When the date had gone sour Elizabeth had returned home early, where she found Chrissy masturbating to a girl-girl scene in a porno movie. Chrissy was aghast, and immediately tried to turn off the movie and cover up. Elizabeth, taking a chance, went up to Chrissy and planted a deep, passionate kiss on her lips. After overcoming the initial shock, Chrissy returned the favor, wrapping her arms tightly around Elizabeth as they began to make out.

After their lips finally separated, Elizabeth grabbed the bottom of the thin T-shirt that Chrissy was wearing, lifting it above her head. Chrissy's tits fell freely, and Elizabeth took a good at them. She had seen them before when Chrissy had come out of the shower, but had tried hard not to notice them, as she had not wanted to think of her best friend sexually, doubting that Chrissy would feel the same way. Now that things had changed, however, she took a good look at Chrissy's perfect breasts. They were larger than a «good hand or mouthful», an expression some guys had used to describe her own tits. Elizabeth couldn't wait to grab a hold of the beautiful breasts in front her, and started to fondle the wonderful mounds as she went in for another kiss. Chrissy responded by reaching beneath Elizabeth's skirt and fondling her ass cheeks over her panties

.

After another long, passionate kiss, Elizabeth started kissing down Chrissy's body, until she reached those marvelous tits. She planted several kisses on each breast, and then started sucking on the erect nipples. With her hand, Elizabeth reached into Chrissy's panties, her fingers exploring the same territory that Chrissy's fingers were exploring just minutes earlier. While still fingering Chrissy, Elizabeth started to softly bite Chrissy's amazing nipples. The combination of sensations was all that Chrissy could handle, and her body started to shake as she had an enormous orgasm.

When her orgasm subsided, Chrissy grabbed Elizabeth and led her to one of the beds. She quickly unbuttoned Elizabeth's blouse, and then reached behind Elizabeth's back to unclasp her bra. The bra was immediately tossed aside as Chrissy began attacking the beautiful tits that lay before her, attempting to suck each breast completely into her mouth. As she finished sucking on Elizabeth's tits, she lifted up her friend's skirt, and pulled off the lace panties that covered her mound. Chrissy then drove her tongue into Elizabeth's pussy, licking her clit w/ abandon. Now it was Elizabeth's turn to cum, and she shuddered in wave after wave of ecstasy. Chrissy then moved up right next to her new lover, kissing her passionately, letting Elizabeth taste her own pussy on Chrissy's lips. The two fell asleep in each other's arms,

As the months of their freshmen year in college flew by, the two lovers grew closer and closer together. When it came time for Spring Break the pair headed for San Diego, where Chrissy's father owned a beachfront vacation condo.

The two girls were enjoying their first full day in San Diego sunbathing on the beach when Elizabeth decided they should go into the water. Chrissy's protest that the water would be cold fell on death ears, and Elizabeth finally won out. The pair ran into the waves, kicking up water and splashing each other. As they moved further from the shore their bodies became used to the cold water, and they ended up playing in ocean for several hours.

Elizabeth finally realized that the pressure she had been feeling in her bladder had grown extremely uncomfortable, and that she needed to go to the bathroom soon. Unfortunately they were now quite far away from shore.

«Damn, I wish there was a toilet nearby, I really have to pee,» Elizabeth said.

«What do you mean, you're standing in one,» Chrissy replied.

«You want me to piss in my bikini, right here?!» Elizabeth responded.

«Why not, I just did about five minutes ago!» Chrissy exclaimed.

Elizabeth thought about it, and decided it would be alright, as the ocean water would wash the piss out of her bikini. «All right, I'll do it.»

Chrissy was a little skeptical, as Elizabeth, while never ashamed to walk around naked, always closed the door when using the bathroom. To confirm that Elizabeth was really peeing, Chrissy reached her hand down and touched Elizabeth's bikini bottoms. Chrissy was surprised to feel the warm stream of pee emanating from Elizabeth, and shocked at how horny the sensation of feeling her lover's hot piss in the cold water made her feel.

Elizabeth was having a number of sensations as well. She was feeling the relief of emptying her bladder, the naughtiness of pissing herself, and the ecstasy of her lover's hand on her pussy. Instinctively, she reached down and put her hand over Chrissy's, and started rubbing their hands over her pussy. Chrissy understood what Elizabeth wanted, and started fingering her lover, feeling the spurts of piss that were now being released in rhythm with the motion of her fingers. The sensations were too much for Elizabeth, and she quickly started to cum.

As her orgasm finally subsided, Elizabeth gave Chrissy a look of horror. «I'm so sorry, honey», she cried, «you must have thought that was disgusting!»

«Not at all», her lover replied, «I enjoyed it as much - well, almost as much - as you did. That was hot!»

«But I pissed all over your hand!»

«Yes, and it felt great. You have nothing to be ashamed of», replied Chrissy.

The two continued to play in the water for a little longer, before finally coming out of the ocean. Upon returning to shore they decided to go back to the condo to clean up and relax. Once in the condo Chrissy grabbed Elizabeth's hand. «Come to the bathroom with me, I have to pee.»

«Go ahead», a confused Elizabeth responded, «I'll be in to take a shower with you when you're finished.»

«Sorry, lover», Chrissy replied. «I want to have the same feeling you felt back in the ocean. It looked like you were having an awesome orgasm!»

Elizabeth was reluctant to replay the events that had just happened, but Chrissy appeared to really want it, and she didn't want to disappoint her lover. «Okay, honey, I'm coming», the redhead replied.

The pair walked into the shower, tossing their bikinis aside. Chrissy grabbed her lover's hand and placed it over her pussy. After a few seconds, she began to pee.

Elizabeth was surprised at how good the hot piss felt streaming onto her hand and then splashing a bit on her body. She started to finger Chrissy, and the spurts of piss were falling on both women. Chrissy couldn't believe how good it felt to be fingered while she was pissing, and loved the feeling of her piss splashing on her body. It wasn't long before she had a long, powerful orgasm.

«Wow, that was incredible!» gasped Chrissy, when she could talk again.

«Yeah, it was good», Elizabeth said. «I expected to be grossed out, but it turned me on! Now let's clean up and continue fucking!»

As Elizabeth turned around to turn on the shower, a curious Chrissy reached her hand to her mouth and licked of some drops of piss that were residing there. She was surprised that she actually kind of liked the tangy taste of her own pee. As Elizabeth turned backed toward her, Chrissy's mind began racing with ideas for future games for them to play.

To be continued?

