Proving a point...

31st March 2011, 12:03 AM

Author: Tytn2

Location: UK (Sex: Gay Male) Posts: 59

We had left the visitors a mere 15 minutes ago. I had immediately stopped at the spar, I parked outside, got some chocolate and cans and returned to him. He had opened one of the chocolate bars before we even reached the junction, devouring it almost instantly. He started on the other and also quickly devoured it, with a pleased look on his face he reached into the back and pulled forwards a can of lager.

A few long draughts and he settled back and groaned

"Hungry?"

"Bloody starving!" he gasped and took another swig of the can, it was already nearly finished, I could tell from the angle he drank at. He had had several mugs of tea with the visitors so the lager was to have removed the sweetness from his mouth.

He was wearing his fleece jacket, chequered shirt and blue jeans, his scruffy white trainers as well as usual. He leaned back in the seat, almost contented. As he stretched I saw his bulge unfurl itself and straighten a little. The visitors 17 year old niece was there too and had sat next to him in summer gear the whole time he was there. Summer gear as in she had worn a skimpy pair of shorts and halter top, revealing some skin and he was so close. If I hadn't of known he had slid his manhood down between his legs earlier for another reason then I'd have thought he would have had a boner the entire time. I was surprised he had drank so much tea as well as they don't have small mugs here!

«Feel better now?» I asked. He agreed and settled back

«I didn't know it would be that quick?» he asked

«Yeah, once I knew what I needed to know I was ready! You must of got on like a house on fire! How many teas' did you have?» I queried. He paused

«Four mugs I think!» he grinned

«Great tea though» he sighed

«Oh yeah! They use local spring water round here, you know!»

«So you liked your cups of tea!»

«Mugs!»

«Mugs, you must of really liked it!»

«It felt quite refreshing» he commented

"And the biscuits?" I asked, he blushed. Whilst he was there he had chatted about some of the equipment there and munched through some digestives too!

«And her?» now he did blush, he squirmed in his seat and sighed

«She was nice» he simply said and leaned back

«Yeah, she was, wasn't she! She didn't wear much, did she?» he shook his head and blushed

«Was I that obvious?» I shook my head

«It was ok really. It was a good thing you had that saucer on your lap with your mug and your biccies» I smiled

«Yeah, wasn't it» and his bulge moved again.

We took the main road, I told him how long it would take to get home, and then he saw the sign for the dam. Apparently he had never seen these dams so I detoured over to them.

We pulled over a hill and stopped, we got out. We were in a layby with quite a few other people, and all of stared over this large expanse of water for a few minutes.

«That's a hell of a lot of fucking water!» he groaned quietly

«Yeah! Must of taken a while to fill up when they were building it! One drip here, one drop there» he glanced over at me, smiled and looked over the expanse of water. I noticed he was leaning into the sidewall overlooking the damn, pushing his groin into the wall side. "C'mon! Time's getting on" I called, he eased himself off the wall and we ambled back to the car.

I drove gently down the side of the hillside, towards the main visitors area, it was quite busy, autumn time. The cloud rolled over, the sun slipped away and as I pulled into the carpark the sky got dark. I pulled up near the pale cream block

«You gonna stay here?» he looked around, I pointed out the building, he nodded. I left him but took the keys. 2 minutes later I was back from a refreshing pee. As we pulled out of the entrance large drops of rain started to hit the windscreen, and everyone else got the idea to leave too. Being summer it was quite heavy rain and traffic, which reduced our travel to a crawl.

«Looks like it's gonna be heavy!» I remarked

«Yeah» he groaned, he squirmed and loosened his seatbelt around his waist. I already knew this was a classic sign for him he needed the loo. It wasn't surprising after what he had drank.

Lights and wipers were soon needed, the rain hammered down and he sat tensely in the seat.

I knew his limit almost better than he did now, after all our trips. He had had a coke before getting to their place, 4 mugs of tea and now half a litre of lager. He would soon suffer the consequences as he had gone well over his limit, and had foolishly refused to use the public toilet there. This was not uncommon for him. He preferred the countryside but didn't like stopping on main roads. Backloads were better for him, but he was also shy but tried to be «a real man' about it!

He had not long left before that took effect, if not already! I had already been once at the house and just now. I would be fine for a while yet. He wouldn't! He often tried to wait for quite a while, probably training himself. However if it had just been tea he would have been ok, except he mixed his drinks so that would go through quicker.

We drove round the edge of Llyn Brianne Dam, then left the scenic countryside behind us as we turned into the hills. The traffic was constant and speeds were reduced to 20mph in places

We drove towards Lampeter at a steady rate. As we neared a road junction I stopped to look at the map, I hadn't noticed him fidgeting too much, but as soon as we stopped he dashed out

«Good! I need a piss!» he groaned. He was quick, his bladder must have been aching badly already, but he knew he was going to seize the first chance he could.

«Not here There's a car coming!» the test worked fine. He had already his flies down and about 4 seconds of pee splashed out strongly, hitting the road with a loud splash, he glanced back. Pain and fear was on his face and a few more drops were slipping out, he held himself as he slowed it but still peed.

«But I have to pee! Look, only a minute» he groaned, the lights came closer, he let another splash out by his ankles and then swore

«Want to walk back?» he didn't. He moaned, staunched the flow and then forced it back into his jeans, he squeezed it a few times, he still had to badly go. He hurriedly eased his flies closed and winced, and also had to move the contents around a bit.

He had thought that once he had got it going I wouldn't of stopped him so easily.. I saw his white boxers, and the bulge, he winced, he squeezed his cock in his jeans and winced again

«Oh man, I really gotta go!» he groaned painfully

"I offered back there, but you didn't need to!"

"I need a piss! Please stop!" he begged, squirming, his bladder ached and he had already broken the seal!

«I gave you the opportunity earlier - why didn't you take it?»

«I didn't need too!»

«And it just came on suddenly, desperate like that?» he nodded

"Yeah right! And I suppose you are going to tell me that because you let a few drops out like you did that you're not gonna be able to hold it, despite the fact that we're driving, you've held more for longer other times and that its a special case now!" he groaned and squeezed it again

"Itchy?"

"I need a piss real bad and it stings to stop!" he groaned, he squeezed the shaft and held it for a moment, he kept wincing and squirming.

"I suppose you are gonna tell me next you can feel every drop?" he groaned

"Please! Don't!" he begged, he squeezed himself again, and squirmed

"Four mugs of tea, a lager and not to mention the coke before getting there. I would think that if it had just crept up on you then you should of felt something before hand!" he winced

"God! I've got to piss! I'm busting!" he pleaded, his legs stayed open but he held his cock, whimpering

«Just don't tell me what I've drunk! I know!» he whimpered.

I drove on in silence. I didn't go fast, just at a steady rate. There were several cars behind us and one in front. The one in front was keeping our speed down to just 20mph!

It didn't help knocking the empties around his feet, but he was quiet. I drove a bit slower, he didn't notice as he tended to wince quietly at every bump, and there were a few of them! He complained again that he really needed a piss and could I stop, I reminded him about the traffic and said I wanted him to navigate! This was ok, as he took his mind off it and he had the map on his lap covering his squirming. He still kept reaching under the map for a hold or a quick squeeze.

After 20 minutes he complained more, saying he really thought we should stop, he was really busting for a leak, he looked in pain and pulled a face. He complained at his age he couldn't hold long anyway and he really needed a pee! He tried appealing to my nice side, I told him that I couldn't really, and it wasn't that bad!

«To take you're mind off it tell me about the girl, the one with hardly any clothes on» I smiled at him, he growled back

«Oh thanks!» and squirmed

«I can't! I can't think! I've gotta pee! Please!» he was almost crying now.

«Four Mugs of tea! Just think of all that tea!»

«I am and it's not helping! Just pull over» he pleaded

«Nope, you know why! Look around» he winced at turning, but he was wincing at everything now, the bumps, the road, the breaking, the water on the roof. I wandered how long he could hold it

I knew where we were going, but pretended I didn't in part and drove slower than usual. It was raining hard as well and the road was quite bumpy for a tarmac road. He had his legs closed and winced quite a lot. I knew the state he was in, and this time he might even not make it!

We stopped at some temporary traffic lights, he winced looking around but there was a car behind us so he just sat quiet and still. I speeded up a little on the main road, the car skirting over at about 50mph now, edging towards 60. The headlamps lit up the road quite well and I slowed early for the corners and other hazards.

He was sitting straight up, had loosened his belt two notches. He had each hand resting on either leg and was breathing strongly between his teeth. He was flushed and I could see the bulge in his jeans, now more than half erect, more than usual. Perhaps a side effect as it had been a long time since I had seen him this desperate for the toilet.

We reached the outskirts after 25 minutes. As soon as we arrived he told me he knew where to go, he had been through here before and was extremely insistent we must go to the toilets first! At ever turn he pointed out the signs, his breathing speeded up and he was soon panting hard, a small dark patch appeared on his jeans, he squeezed his cock and whimpered. He was starting to lose it!

At the first turning this strange moan escaped his lips. He suddenly closed his legs and grabbed his cock. I glanced over, down then up to his eyes. They were full of agony, worry and desperation «I can feel it coming! I am gonna explode!» he moaned in a very desperate voice. He sounded scared, as if he had never had an accident in his life!

I tried to delay but by this time he was on the edge of his seat, his seatbelt off, clutching at the door to get out and panting though his mouth! He was moaning in the pain too! I managed to delay him a further 5 minutes until I saw his eyes swimming in tears and a small stain appeared on his trousers. He was whimpering pretty badly then! He swore and said he couldn't hold it, he had to pee and it was coming! He grabbed himself and was about to cry

«The toilets! Please!» and loosened his belt another notch. I dawdled, he hurried me up. He whimpered he was dying, it didn't help it was raining either. I drove around and he pointed out the signs for toilets, where to go and pleading when I missed the turnings. The first few roads were blocked, dead ends or I took the wrong road. Finally we were on the right road and he pointed out the small lit building in the distance

«C'mon! Hurry! It's coming! There!!!!» he moaned.

The door was open before I stopped, he ran out to the small white building, half covered by trees and bushes and slammed into the door. It was locked

«Nooo!» he called out.

But already he was fumbling for his flies, looked around and stepped sideways to the tree. Flies down, tackle out and he just relaxed as the pressurised waterfall gushed out. After about 10 seconds he turned to me with a moronic grin on his face, still pissing hard.

It was close on a minute later before he zippered up and sauntered over, he stretched and climbed into the car. His bulge was back. So was his smile. He sighed

«Pizza?» he asked.

«Erm, ok then. Do you want to get it?» he shook his head

«I'll let you go Besides, I'm a bit damp» he moved his hands to reveal a damp patch about the size of half a banknote around his crotch, he blushed.

