More Perques of Business Travel (fiction)

13th October 2011, 10:13 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

At Kayleen handed the phone back to Kris and settled back against the crisp white pillows exuding an air of evident contentment., At fifty years old ( a number quite a bit north of the age Kris had guesstimated) she was not without a certain amount of life experience. This, she could state with some assurance, was proving to be one of the better ones. In the last few hours, she had gotten to witness a truly impressive display of desperation, engaged in some of the most mind blowing sex of her life and, there was an adorable young man in her bed who showed no inclination of wishing to depart. Most satisfactory, even by her exacting standards.

She smiled and reached one finger out to his broad chest, placing the tip squarely between his pecs and with the lightest of touches, traced the line of golden brown fur down across his taut abs until she reached the soft nest of curls where his gorgeous prick was already stirring again. Her smile grew broader. This was just one of the reasons she preferred younger men. There were occasions upon which not enough good things could be said about stamina.

*************

Kris was leaning on one elbow staring down at what he considered the most incredible piece of luck it had ever been his good fortune to stumble across,. The only marginally bad thing he could put his finger on in the entire situation was that he had not met this amazing woman long before now. He didn't think she could be more perfect if he had conjured her up out t of thin air. Mature, smart, funny, sexy, adventurous, the list just went on and on. Not only had his kink not driven her off screaming, it was apparent that she shared his love of things wet and was willing to share it with him. Sweet!

"So, he wondered aloud, tracing lazy circles around one erect, rosy nipple, "you haven't peed since lunchtime?"

"Nope," she sighed, arching into the tantalizing caress.

"How long ago was that?" he asked, closing in on the blushing bud until he could take it between thumb and forefinger, pinching gently. She arched again, and moaned deep in her throat.

"What time is it now?" Her fingers were tangling languidly in his bush, reaching between his legs to stroke his velvety balls.

"Coming up nine," he responded, leaning closer and giving her a look that would have melted a whole contingent of Barbie dolls.

"Mmmm...about eight hours, then. Maybe a bit longer."

"Eight hours?? Eight???"

"Uh huh." She gave his balls a gentle squeeze, distracting him for a moment, and herself, too. He really was a beautiful man and his burgeoning erection just made her mouth water.

"Wow!" He moved his hand down to rest above what he felt sure must be an agonizingly full bladder. "You must be about ready to explode."

She was indeed quite full but had by no means reached her capacity, which was impressive, to say the least. She'd been playing holding games for nearly as long as she could remember and knew it would be awhile yet before the demand for release became undeniable. To prove she was still in control, she placed her free hand over his and pressed down. His eyes widened but, she just smiled.

"I think I can hold on a bit longer," she replied. "In fact, I could something to drink. Would you like something?"

Having held to bursting once already this evening, Kristoff's bladder was already tender and he was hyper aware of the amount of urine already pooling there. He had to wonder how long he would be able to hold on this time. Just thinking about the building pressure gave him a pleasurable twinge. He resisted the urge to rub the sensitive flesh above his pubic bone.h

"What have we got?" he asked, tracing languorous patterns on her abdomen and watching her plump, naked pussy lips flush and swell.

"Let me see."

*************

Kayleen give his balls one last, lingering stroke as she slid her hand from between his legs and rolled out from beneath his touch to stand beside the bed. She stretched luxuriously, unconcerned with the fact that her body was not to everyone's taste. It was obviously to Kristoff's taste and that was all that mattered at the moment. Besides, she felt absolutely fabulous and the stretch only increased the tension in her expanding bladder. She very nearly wiggled with the pleasure of her growing need.

"Hot or cold," she tossed over her shoulder, strolling to the mini bar.

"What?" Kris was more than a little distracted now, his cock at full attention as he feasted on the tableau she presented. From behind she was rounded and silken and creamy and when she bent over to open the door to the fridge, he wanted to sink his teeth into her her magnificent ass.

"Would you like something hot or cold to drink? Another beer?"

At this point, another beer would go thru him in a heartbeat. Of course, so would just about anything liquid.

"Just some water, I guess."

"Flat or fizzy,"she asked, turning around to hold up the bottles. She had kept her feet planted so that when she turned, her legs were crossed, making a tight 'Y' at the apex of her thighs, the pose mimicking a desperate attempt to stem the coming flood.

*************

Kris watched her stand and then move about the room apparently unconcerned by either her nudity or arousal. So many Junoesque woman seemed awkward without the camouflage of clothing, even the most confident ones. Kayleen, on the other hand, seemed to have no qualms about displaying her ample charms. She moved with a grace and confidence that made watching her another pleasure of her company and, when he touched her, her response was uninhibited. He hadn't yet explored her body as fully as he'd like but, all signs were good that he was going to be allowed any number of liberties without running across any emotional land mines.

As she approached the mini-bar, he watched the rhythmic sway of her hips and bottom and felt his palms itch to cup her generous softness and pull her close. Then she turned to show him what the fridge had to offer and he nearly groaned out loud.

"Flat, I think," he managed to grate out.

"One for you and one for me then. Oops, that's room service."

She grabbed a knee length satin robe from the closet as she walked by. It was worse (better?) than having her naked, the shimmering fabric skimming her delicious curves, emphasizing her erect nipples.

The busboy entered the room behind a cart full of shining silver covers and gleaming stemware, in his wake a maid carrying an enormous pile of clean, white towels. Kayleen chatted with them both, while the maid took away the used towels (rinsed in the shower so it was not immediately evident that they'd been used to soak up an impressive amount of pee and the busboy set up their meal at the small table by the balcony, sipping on her bottle. When each had finished their task, she tipped them well and sent them on their way, suggesting that the maid might want to leave a clean set of sheets outside the door. The maid smiled sweetly and agreed that she could do that.

Kayleen returned to bed, still barely dressed, crawling up from the foot to the head giving him a tantalizing view of her lush breasts swaying in the 'V' of the loosely belted robe.

"You are driving me crazy. You know that, right?" he growled, reaching to push the robe from her shoulders.

"Well, as long as I'm driving,"she purred, pushing him back against the pillows and straddling his hips. She let her breasts spill out of her rob as she lowered herself down on to his long, thick cock. "Oh my!"

"What?"

"I think I'm a little fuller than I thought."

Even the suggestion that she might pee on him while he was being consumed by her warm, tight, wet pussy was enough to nearly send him over the edge.

"How much fuller?" he gasped as she began to slide up and down his throbbing dick.

*************

Kayleen felt the pressure on her bladder increase as his impressive hard on bumped her bladder from beneath, filling her completely. She still wasn't anywhere near loosing it but, if she came from fucking him now, it wouldn't be very long before nature would start making irrefutable demands. As sensations went, this was one of her favorites. Full of hot pee and horny man at the same time brought her to the edge of orgasm faster than just about anything she could think of.

"Mmmm...you're safe from the flood for now."

"Damn!"

"Awww...don't sound so disappointed, sweetie. I have every intention of drenching you at least once this evening. Just not yet. Before that, we'll need to d a little preventative maintenance. For now, why don't we see how fast that gorgeous cock of yours rattling my bladder can get me off?"

*********

Kris could not believe how open she was about her sexual appetites and the way she talked about what they were doing was making him hotter by the second. He just hoped that when he came, the weight of her rocking against his twinging bladder wouldn't cause an even wetter explosion in the wake of his own orgasm. Oh well, there was always the couch.

He grabbed her hips, pulling her down against him, and drove as deeply into her as he could. He could tell she was already close by the way her muscles spasmed around the length of him, grasping and releasing in an escalating rhythm are with every stroke.

"You are so damned hot, Kayleen. I can't get enough. I want to feel you cum all over me."

**********

Knowing that there would be more later, Kayleen didn't even try to hold back. She ground down against him, forcing him all the way inside her and, when he found her pounding clit with his thumb, she threw her head back and screamed. The tremors raced through her, small and quick at first and then larger and longer as he continued to pump into her, continued to rub the gloriously irritated nub, pushing her over the edge again and again. Adding to the rush was her rocking, sloshing bladder, begging to be turned loose. She bit her lip and clamped down as hard as she could, holding back the torrent that was screaming to get out.

**********

Watching her face, it was everything Kris could do to hold on to his own climax until he was sure he couldn't make her cum any harder. Her uninhibited satisfaction made him feel like a god. Like he would last forever inside her, making her cum and cum and cum until she disintegrated around him. Then, suddenly, she released a low, bestial growl and clamped down around him so hard that he was the one disintegrating, coming apart beneath her as his balls turned themselves inside out emptying their hot, creamy load deep inside her silky chamber.

**********

The collapsed and fell apart, side by side on the bed. Chests heaving, their hands found each others and their fingers tangled together.

"Oh god," Kayleen gasped. "That was fucking amazing!"

"Uh-huh," was the best Kris could do, having never cum that hard in his life. He had to pee badly again but didn't think he had the energy Just to be safe, he grabbed his cock behind the head and winced at the amazing level of post coital sensitivity.

Kayleen slipped her free hand between her thighs, pressing up. Normally she would be able to hold quite a bit longer but, the intensity of her climax was making it a good deal more difficult than she was used to. She considered rubbing her own clit to see if she could edge up with out cumming again, to make it easier to hold, but was afraid that if she touched herself for even a moment, there would be fireworks followed by water works.

"Can you stand up yet, Kris?"

"I think so but, why would I want to?"

"Because I haven't prepped the bed for water sports and, quite frankly, you did such magnificent work moments ago that I don't think I can hold on much longer. Towels we have in plenty but, we have only one bed. It seems a shame to flood it now and not be able to use it later when, with just a little prep, we can enjoy it so much more."

"Good point."

"Come with me, then, I have a nice, warm thank you gift for you, if you're interested."

For a man who had, only moments ago, seemed incapable of voluntary movement, Kris was on his feet holding out his hand to Kayleen in a split second. Kayleen was a little more careful standing up. Her bladder, which had been filling for more than 9 hours now, had taken quite a pounding and she could feel the pee pressing down into her urethra, demanding exit. She kept one hand lodged firmly between her legs with her fingers pressed against her pee hole as she allowed Kris to lead her to the bathroom.

Using several of the clean towels, Kris built a thick absorbent pad in the middle of the floor, taking care that they would be able to see themselves in the large mirror on the vanity wall as well as in the mirrored doors of the enormous walk in shower.

"What should I do now?" he asked, letting her take the lead in an area where she obviously had the advantage of experience.

"What would you like to do?" She was starting to bounce ever so slightly and her legs were crossed.

He almost choked on the opportunity she was giving him. The closest he'd ever come to living out any of his pee related fantasies was what porn he could find on line and, truthfully, even without the experience, he knew it was a poor substitute for the real thing.

Seeing his dilemma, she reached out and touched his face. "It's all right. I could decide for us but, this time, I would really like to give you what you want. You've been so good to me already."

Something about the tenderness of the gesture and the simplicity of the statement eased a fear inside him that he hadn't known he was still holding onto. He took a deep breath and said,

"I would love a golden shower from you. I want to kneel down between your legs and spread your gorgeous pussy lips and watch your gorgeous pee stream raining down on me."

Still holding herself with one hand, making sure not even one drop of pee escaped before he got his wish, Kayleen leaned over to kiss him. A soft, deep, slow kiss that lingered in his head ever after their lips parted.

"I would be happy to do that for you."

She maneuvered them both until each had the best possible view from the mirrors and Kris kneeled down. So close that his knees rubbed against the arches of her long, elegant feet. She rested her hand on his warm brown curls and said,

"Do you want to see it happen? Spread my lips and let me know when you're ready."

Kris spread her with his thumbs, exposing her innermost secrets. Her beautiful blushing clit that was pulsing visibly. The deep, rosy folds of her vulva. The wet, secret tunnel leading to the center of her desire. And one long, perfectly manicured finger pressing against her pee hold.

"Please," he whispered, his voice an ache.

Kayleen relaxed, letting the first rush of pee spray out around her finger, splattering his face and hair gently but, she was so full, so desperate for relief that she couldn't bear the sensation of back pressure in her urethra and so, she moved her finger and tangled the fingers of both hands in his hair, arching her back and allowing the flow to escape her tortured bladder in a hissing stream.

Kris closed his eyes in ecstasy feeling the first hot rush of wetness hit him on the forehead, wetting his hair and running down his face. He had never felt anything so erotic. He leaned back allowing the stream to hit him full in the face, opening his mouth to receive the tangy golden fluid. He swallowed several times before rocking further back on his heels. Her deluge splashed against his chest, down his belly and finally feeling the beat down on his still tingling cock. He felt himself grow beneath the gushing warmth, unable to believe that he was hard again.

"I want to be inside you," he growled, pulling at her hips.

Kayleen came to him then, slowing her flow until she was again astride him and then releasing one last great gush of golden rain, she rode him to another mind shattering orgasm.

In the aftermath, on the warm wet bed of towels, Kris took Kayleen in his arms and staring deeply into her soft, amazingly blue eyes whispered,

"Thank you!"

Kayleen smiled sweetly and closed her eyes. "You are very, very welcome."

