Some Of Kyia's Asian Customes

8th June 2010, 03:41 PM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

Once we were home and inside Kyia let me take off her long satin dress. As I slipped it first off from her shoulders Kyia giggled slightly and said to me: I like the feel of satin. It feels good sliding around on my body. I like it when I ut it on but better when it is comming off! Her satin dress now was on the floor. Kyia was standing there now completly nude in front of me.

I stood thre looking at Kyias breasts. This was the first time seeing them for me. Kyia was ooking right back at me and she saw where my eyes were right on her breasts. She let out a giggle. Like them? She asked me. I only managed to shake my head yes.

Now Kyias breasts were of course the yellowish asian skin color. Her breasts were small but full! Both were very round in thier shape. Her nipples were a dark rose colr along with the same dark rose color around the bases of her nipples. These round circles were large too. Most other girls tits that I had seen didn't have such as large circular areas like Kyia had on her tits.

Then Kyia slowly turned around in a circle for me. I watched her turn and I got turned one ever so much more as the seconds ticked off! When she had her backside faced towards me Kyia wiggled her ass for me and then she turned back around and faced me. Like my little show? I think you did! Your cock looks like it is going to bust right out from your pants! Kyia said to me as she gggled hard.

Then she stepped right over to me and she unbottoned my shirt slowly and we kissed as she unbutoned my shirt. She tossed it aside when she had it unbuttoned and removed off form me. Then Kyia took my hand and placed it so that my fingers were on her vagina and clit. Take care of me! Kyia said to me as now she was yanking on my belt to take it off. So I started massaging her clit with my fingers as Kyia took my belt off. Her clit was already stiff from being swollen. It was also wet.

Kyia had my belt undone and she popped the sanp on my pants next. Then she just grabbed the top of my pants on the right and left sides and yanked them down hard. I had on boxers and she yanked them down hard and fast like she had odne with my pants.Now Kyia took a hold of my erect penis in her hand and she with a very light touch started jerking me off taking very long strokes as she did it. I was till massaging her clit and Kyia stepped closer to me.

We kissed hard. Her nipples were stiff and I felt them both press into my chest. I also felt her body heat on me which it really seemed to be very warm. I would almost say hot! (That just may have been in the heat of the moment though!) With Kyia being pressed right up against me too down on my cocks shaft and my balls I felt the same hot heat on those parts of me!

We spent several long minutes like this stading in the center of the livingroom. Then Kyia stepped away after we had kissed again. She then said to me: Ok show me to where you sleep. I grabbed her hand Kyia let go of my cock and I walked her to my bedroom. I turned on the light and Kyia took a quik look around my bedroom. I had a king size bed. Seeing that Kyia let out a giggle and said to me: I like big bed! More room to do things with! I now smiled.

Then Kyia asked me; Do you have candles? I told her I did. Go get them. Better in low light instead of bright light! So I left Kyia went and got several candles and brought them into the bedroom. I had brought in four candles and I lit two and Kyia lit the other two candles. Then she switched of the lights. I like! I like! Kyia said to me. So MUCH better now! Come to me now she said to me next. So I stepped over to her for Kyia was siting on the end of my bed.

Now I will serve you she said to me with hin of a giggle as she said it. With that done Kyia again held my hard, rect, now throbbing cock lightly in her fingers. She raised it upward so it was pointed up at her. Kyia then leaned down ans she slipped her lips upon my cocks head and slipped it ever so slightly past her lips so that just my cocks head to its ring was inside her wet warm mouth.

Then I felt her tounge sliding slwly on my cocks head for she was licking it! She did this for several minutes. Boy was that ever a tease! Then she slid my ocks head back outside. She still was jerking me off and she slipped off from the bed and sqauted down. Then she leaned right in first licking under my balls and then my balls! She did this for several minutes too. Then she stopped and stood up.

Then Kyia sked me in almost a whisper. Do you have another bathroom close by? I told her I did. I had a master bath right of the bedroom. I pointed to the open doorway to it. Kyia smiled. Be right back! She walked across my bedroom went though the bathroom doorway. She didn't turn on the light in the bathroom when she did go into it.

From the bathroom I heard Kyia say Good you got one! Then I heard the sound of water being poured from the sink. Then a monet later Kyia came out from the bathroom carrying in her hand a plastic glass fillled with water in her one hand. Kyia was smiling as she stood in front of me. You WILL like this! Kyia then took a good sip from the palastic glass sqauted down set and the plastic water glass on the floor.

Then she leaned forward and opened her mouth and took and put my balls right into her mouth! I felt very warm heat and wetness on my balls! What Kyia had n the plastic waer glass was very warm water! I also had let out quite a gasp feeling the very warm water on my balls!Kyia also rubbed her tounge all over my balls as she let them be warmed by the very warm water in her mouth. She did this for several minutes too.

While Kyia had done this to me also she would swallow the water slip her mouth of from my balls and refill the her mouth with the warm water from the plastic glass. Then go back to my balls again. She did this till the glass was empty. Then she finished with my balls got up went back insde the bathroom and refilled the glass with more warm water. When she came out this time she didn't go back to my balls.

This time she took a sip from the glass placed the plastic glass down on the floor and she slipped my cock into her mouth! This was even BETTER then having my balls done with the very warm water!!!! Like she had done with with my balls Kyia swallowed the water and took drinks from the glass and sucked my ock with te very warm water in her mouth. Too when the plastic glass was empty she stopped and stood up.

We kissed a few times. Then Kyia asked me: Want a shower or drink? I looked at her kind of funny. I didn't know what she had ment by this. So I asked Kyia what she ment by it. This made Kyia giggle hard for several seconds. Then she told me. I have to piss from swallowing all that water! Do you want pee on your cock? ( which Kyia had a hold of in her hand an she playfully shook it as she asked me.

Or do you want to drink pee? Now I had never drank piss but I did enjoy the smell ofit on a girls vagina or the taste of it if there was leftover piss on her vaginia, crotch,or pubic hair. I stood there silently thinking about what I would do. This made Kyia giggle some more. Then she said to me as she now stepped away heading towards the bathroom doorway; If you can't make choice I'll piss in toilet and you won't have any!

Well that made up my mind right then and there! I blurted out; Ill try takeing a sip! Kyia then spun right around and she didn't giggle for her giggle had turned into laughter. She stepped over to the side of my bed and got up on it. I was still standing near at the beds end so I stepped over to it and got up on the bed from the end of it. Kyia told me to lay down and I did. I was on my back.

Kyia took one of the big pillows that was up at the head of the bed. Better take she said to me. It will help you. It;s good for first timers. I took the pillow and placed it behind my head which it raised my head up. Kyia gave me a quick look and told me that would work fine. Then as she moved she let out a giggle and then asked me; How bout I do both shower and give you a drink? It is your first time! I said back to Kyia that would be ok with me I think.

So waht Kyia did was that she moved up along side of me and turned so that her ass was alongside my head. Then she lifted her one leg up and moved it over me and set it down by my other side. Now her very nice bare ass and vagina was above and over my face. I quickly gave both of Kyia's asscheeks a quick kiss, gave her asshole a quick swipe with my tounge, and lastly gave her vagina a quick lck too!

Kyia said to me real fast after I had given her vagina ts fast lick with my tounge and my tounge was still sliding on her warm wet clit; Hey you'll get more then sip if you keep that up! So I sliped my tounge off her clt and stuck it back inside of my mouth. So but what I did do was reach around with both of my hands and I placed them on her breasts and started tweaking her nipples with my fingers. Kyia let ut another giggle and told me; Yes play with boys toys while you drink!

Kyia was looking back and she got herself in position over my face to piss. After a few short momnets she was ready to do it for she was now still except for my hands and fingers that were busy with her breasts made the jiggle. Kyia then told me I better open my mouth. I ready to go and pee! I opened my mouth. Kyia let go with a very short hard spurt of piss which was only a short cuple of seconds and even though it was short when it came out it hissed loud.

Her piss went and shot into my mouth. I insticinctively closed my mouth when her piss hit inside of it. Good thing it was a short hard spurt other wise I would have wound up with her piss all over my face and it would have wetted the pillow too. I did manage not to swallow her piss but managed to hold it in my mouth. It was warm like I had said. I first tasted its slightbitterness then its saltyness. Then I swallowed her piss. Then I said to Kyia; Give me another shot! A little longer one!

Kylia let out a giggle and she said to me; Looks like you like! Here comes another! I had my mouth open and sure enough Kyia sent out another spurt of piss from her vagina right into my mouth again. This spurt was a second or two longer the the first spurt. This time I kept her piss much longer in my mouth before I swallowed it down. I savored its taste and I even swished it noisily back and forth in my mouth. Kyia heard me swiching her piss in my mouth. Boy did she ever giggle hard. Kyia went and did several more spurts of piss into my mouth and then she stopped and had moved her ass and vagina off to the side of me when she again had moved.

She had turned araound so that her head was up along side my head now. We kissed a few times. Then after ourr last kiss Kyia reached back and had my hard cock in my hand. Now for his turn! She got over me and slid back and sqauted right over my ock which she was still holding. Then Kyia let go to finish her pissd and gave me a shower.

I let out a real hard gasp as her hot piss hit my cock! Kyia let out another giggle. She pissed on my cock for a few seconds and then moved back just a little. Now her hot piss splashed on my balls! This was ebven bettre then the very warm water in her mouth when she did that to them. So much so that I suddenly yelled right out; I LIKE IT! I LIKE IT! Kyia laughed hard which made her shake which her piss went all over the palce wetting my balls, under them,my cock, and the bedsheet too.

Then after Kyia had finished showering me she went and she licked me off whereever she had pissed on me! Then after she finished that she told me that she liked the taste of piss very much. I was surprised by this. Then she asked me if I had to go. I want to drink yours! I didn't really have to go. But I might be able to do a little. So I told Kyia this. She giggled and as she slid off the bed at its end she told me a little better then none.

So she sqauted down as I now had gotten up off from laying down on my back. I was on my knees so thats the way I went across the bed on my knees till I got to the end of the bed. When I reached the end of the bed Kyia reached right up with her one hand pulled my erect cock right down so it was pointed at her face. She also had her mouth ready for it was opened!

Since my cock was erect and I didn't really have to piss Kyia had to wait for me to see if I was going to piss. So I had to push in order to get started. I gave three pushes in a row wthout a drop comming out form my cock. On the fourth push which I had pushed much harder then the fisrt three I had a very short weak spurt of piss come out.

Kyia moved quickly to catch my weak stream. It did go into her mouth! I gave another harder push. I sent a little bit longer and harder spurt of piss into her mouth. Kyia swallowed my piss right down. She let out a little giggle and then sad to me; Make more! You can! I pushed hard again which I made another hard spurt come out from my cock. It was about the same length of time as the one before it. I only managed one more spurt after that one. Kyia was happy enough with what she had got for she told me. Maybe more in the morning! she said to me as she got back up on the bed with me.

Then we screwed hard and long which we did in many different positions. Some of them I had never been in before. These were Kyias doing. Boy could she ever screw too! THis was the best sex I ever had had! Before we both reached our climaxes which Kyia was really going wild at the time; She screamed out saying that she cums and pisses when she reaches the end. She did just that with me shooting my load deep into her and she squirting cum and spraying the bottom half of my body with piss too! What a way to finish off! The end for now.

