Making Tiffany Pee her pants

28th January 2016, 12:31 AM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

It was amazing as an incoming freshman how Tiffany had managed to alienate almost everyone she came into contact with. She was 18, pretty, and came from a family with money. Daddy owned the small town bank where she came from and in that world she was the top of society. Expensive clothes, expensive new convertible, always throwing it in peoples faces. Her attitude and the way she dealt with people made that very obvious. Tiffany was pompous, condescending, expecting that the world would bow to her wishes and wants. Not the best way to make an impression in a college dormitory.

Tiffany had managed to come up with a fake ID indicating that she was 21, making her legal to drink. A few blocks from the dorm was a little neighbor hood bar. It was across the street from the campus in the neighborhood of small rental houses that many college students rented. It was a popular haunt to grab a beer or three. Tiffany of course had to go there to drink, even though she was underage. It was there that I first noticed how beer effected her.

Anyone that has ever drank much beer knows that beer cause you to pee, however most people are good until they break the seal for the first time. After that need to pee comes often and quickly. For Tiffany, it seemed to not only come often but very strongly. When nature called, she would rush to the bathroom to empty her bladder.

One evening some of us were talking over a pitcher of beer and it was decided that we would have a kegger. Tom and his roommate Cliff volunteered their small rental house. Having a kegger was simple. Let people know, collect $5.00 from everyone that wanted to attend. Getting people was no problem. Go buy a couple of kegs and a whole lot of plastic cups and have the kegs on ice when people started showing up. We decided to have the party the following Friday night and put the word out. It didn't take more than a couple of days and we had enough money collected to have the kegger. Tiffany, being underage was not approached, although that was probably not the only reason we did't ask her if she wanted to attend. Most of the dorm residents did however pay to come.

Friday night came, the kegs were iced down and people started to arrive. The stereo was loud and he beer flowed freely. We knew who had paid to come, and the few that showed up that hadn't paid gladly did so when they entered the door. About a half hour or so after the party started a couple of us noticed that Tiffany was here. She was dressed in her best designer jeans, expensive blouse and high heel shoes of all thing.

Turns out that when Tiffany walked in and when Cliff mentioned to her that she was under age she firmly in her condescending way that she wasn't going to drink any beer, she just wanted to party with her friends. No one really believed it, but we let her stay.

Before long I noticed that Tiffany had made her way to the keg and was pouring herself a glass of beer which she quickly downed. Tom came over to me asking me if I had seen Tiffany with a beer. I advised I had and Tom said he was going to throw her out. I smiled and told Tome to let me take care of it. I was going to make sure that Tiffany left on her own. When he asked how I just smiled and told him to watch. Tom told Cliff what was going on and the word got around that something was going to happen.

Before long Tiffany went to the only bathroom in the house, waiting in a short line. She was however trying to hide her desperate need to empty her bladder. Her movements seemed to be in beat to the music, but it was definitely a pee pee dance. As soon as she left the bathroom she headed back to the keg getting another cup of beer.

I kept my eye on Tiffany an soon saw the signs that she would be going to pee pretty quickly. I headed to the bathroom and as soon as I say Tiffany walking toward the hall I got in line first. Before Tiffany got there Lennie, a cute brunette who was not only a good friend, but also detested Tiffany got in line behind me. Tiffany quickly got into line behind Lennie. She did her little dancing to the music pee pee dance trying not to show her desperation. Tom realizing what was going on with Tiffany quickly put a slow song on the stereo, which of course did not suite Tiffany's pee pee dance stile. She stood there trying to look nonchalant, however she was wiggling and shuffling her feet where she stood.

When it was my turn as I started into the bathroom I turned to Lennie and with a wink stated to her that I would try to hurry as I could tell she needed to pee. When Lennie winked as she «thanked me» I knew she had figured out what I meant.

I went in, pulled myself out of my jeans and took an nice long piss. Then I stood there for a couple of minutes more knowing that Tiffany was dying to pee and could not wait much longer. After about 5 minutes I came out noticing that Lennie was shuffling a bit. Sorry, I told her to which she replied no problem exclaiming I must have really had to pee, as she entered the bathroom and shut the door.

Tiffany was standing there with a forced smile on her face. I stopped next to her to talk and told her how good it felt to get rid of all that beer. I began to tell her that I must have pissed out a couple of gallons. I then advised her that once I started peeing I just couldn't stop, that the piss just kept of flowing, and making a joke that Niagara Falls had noting on me. I piss out more than Niagara Falls had going over the falls. I could tell that all this talk of pissing, volume and Niagara was having a real effect on Tiffany. Her face was scrunched up in a forced but painful smile while her legs were locked one across the other. She was trying to shift around without it being obvious, doing a poor job. Lennie was doing her part taking her sweet time in the bathroom as well. I knew that the time to end this was now.

I moved closer to Tiffany so only she could hear me and let out a long slow hiss in her ear. The kind of hiss one hears coming from someone pissing a flood. As I continued to let out the hiss in her ear, Tiffany grabbed herself between the legs and told me to stop it. Before I finished she squeaked out a quiet «oh no». At that point it became obvious what was happening. I ran out of breath, but the hissing continued. Only this time the sound was not coming from me.

Tiffany was flooding her pricy designer jeans and soaking her fancy shoes. It Tiffany pissed so long that Lennie managed to come out of the bathroom to observe the soaked jeans and puddle on the floor. Tiffany looked mortified. She did that bowlegged slow walk to the door, with tears in her eyes. Tiffany walked all the way back to the dorm this way as she didn't want to get into her car with soaked jeans.

I would like to say that this changed Tiffany's attitude in the dorms for the good, but I can't. Tiffany withdrew from people and at semester she transferred to another nearby school. I can report however that Tiffany's attitude changed at her new school. Seems that Tiffany's new roommate just happened to be Lennie's older sister. When Tiffany moved into her new room with Lennie's sister, she sat Tiffany down, told her who she was, what she knew and explained that she better change her attitude if she wanted to get along at her new school. Seems the talk worked as it was reported that Tiffany settled in and got along at her new school.

