My Wife's Friend, Marla

8th November 2006, 06:23 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Marla is a really good friend of my wife, Candy. They have known one another since college and because of their close relationship I'm sure have very few secrets. Marla was divorced a couple of years ago and the two of them started spending more and more time together. Not that I mind, she is a very sexy women with great legs and a beautiful ass. She constantly craves attention and usually gets it by the way she dresses. I love watching her sexy mannerisms and my wife just laughs it off when I watch. I have no doubt that she even encourages Marla just to see my reaction.

Let me go back five years to when I met my wife at a barn dance. It was a pretty wild party with a lot of drinking. I noticed her with a bunch of her friends primarily because she was very beautiful, but also because I was sure that during the evening she'd wet her pants. Needless to say we really hit it off and she just laughed when she found out about my «thing». We were married soon after, just before her thirtieth birthday.

I learned that she'd wet since her teens and mostly thought nothing of it. I encouraged her and it became a big part of our relationship. Anytime she wanted something she new exactly how to get it. I can't count the times that I'd arrive home from work only to be met by a sexy wife in wet pants and panties asking how my day had gone. Our house had an in ground swimming pool in a private back yard that I could rarely afford to heat and rarely did. Sometimes, I would find her there lounging on a sun bed with a wet stain in her bikini watching my penis grow when I noticed. Candy knew she had me and always found it funny.

One afternoon I returned home from a football game to find these two laughing and frolicking about the pool deck. They had been drinking Long Island ice teas and were attempting a game of Bad Mitten. They were having a hard time playing the game and stopped when they saw me. Candy was wearing a beige high cut bikini, but Marla had on the cutest blue one piece that only accentuated her beautiful butt and pussy. When she stopped she tried to use her hands to cover a very obvious wet stain surrounding her mound. I looked at her, but she could only look back at me with her typical sheepish look and say «I think I peed my pants». That was enough to start a very interesting conversation.

I hurried to the kitchen for fresh drinks while the girls continued laughing, settling into a couple of lounge chairs. When I returned Marla had done nothing to cover her wetting and was shifting about her lounge trying to get me to notice it. She even stood up and walked right in front of me. She was on her way over to her purse to get some pot we could smoke, while giving me a chance to check out her wetness from every angle. My wife almost could not control her giggling and finally said «Marla didn't believe the effect that would have on you».

Marla quickly reached into her purse and turned sanding with her legs about 18 inches apart, saying «I thought we weren't going to say anything». Then she looked at me and said, «it was just a test, you know, we wanted to see your reaction». She returned, walking by me with that sexy knowing smile that she had when you were hers.

I was sure that I had started something with these two. What do you think?

