Tina gets more than her PC fixed

4th June 2013, 02:57 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

A piece of fiction partially inspired by a story on here by Voyeur, He raised the idea in my mind of what if you met someone and found out they were on here? what if you met me in the real world and we somehow found out we both belong to PS, and told each other our nicknames on here?

Tina stared dismally at her screen~! She could NOT believe what had just happened~! Her reflection stared back at her from her dark unresponsive screen! ~! «Fuck!» She said loudly, then looked around a little embarrassed even though she was alone in her study~! Irritated, she stood up and kicked her desk chair, swearing softly again as she realised that had only succeeded in making her toes throb~! Sighing and accepting the inevitable Tina sat back down, searched through her desk drawers and finally, a little wildly triumphantly she pulled out a tattered piece of paper she had remembered showing unceremoniously thrown into her drawer a month or so earlier, an advertorial mixed in with her mail from her mail box.

«PC Magic, no problem too big or too small. We do house calls.» The slogan read. Tina grimaced and muttered «bloody hope you work» as she dialled the number. An elderly woman's voice answered with a cheerful «Hello, PC Magic, we put the magic back into your pc. How can we help you?» Tina took a deep breath.

«Hi, my laptop crashed,» she stammered. «I was downloading» pause *porn* she thought and quickly changed track in her mind »important documents» she continued, smiling at how professional that sounded. «Anyway it just said it was going to»

«Yes yes,» the officious voice interrupted. «We can fix, now do you want to bring it in or have us make a house call?»

«Uhhh, hmmmm» Tina stuttered again. «Uhhh I think a house call?» she finished a little uncertainly.

«Great. Now I will need you details please, address, contact details, and of course your credit card details. Do not worry we will not charge anything to your credit card until we have assessed the situation and you have approved a quote and then signed the final account» the woman rattled on and Tina waited her turn to provide the necessary information.

Call at last over, Tina decided to shower quickly, she had been told the technician would be there only after half an hour or more, so she had time~!. She loosely tied up her thick straight shiny black hair, stripped off, and stepped into her steamy hot shower cubicle.

Enjoying the hot steamy water rinsing off the suds and running over her body, Tina almost did not hear the doorbell. When the sound penetrated fully, she turned off the shower to hear and realised it was indeed the doorbell. «Bother,» she muttered, her dark straight brows furrowing. «I'm coming» she yelled loudly. «Please do not go away» Hastily she stepped into mid-thigh length denim shorts and decided she did not have time, she decided not to worry with a bra, her smaller, perky slightly upturned breasts did not need one anyway, so she pulled on a tight vest top and dashed to open the door.

«Hi» her voice faltered and her smile wobbled as she saw the man standing by the door with weird looking black leather back and a welcoming smile. He had straight sandy hair swept back from his curved forehead, black rimmed spectacles and gorgeous white teeth smiling in a surprisingly tanned face. «Uhhh I'm Tina» she finished, flustered.

«And I am Danny» he answered quickly as she stepped back to let him in. as he walked past he took in her small but neat and tastefully decorated flat. He stood back while she closed the door and then let her lead him past her bedroom, which as he glanced in was surprisingly not all frilly and flowery, to the small second room she had turned into her study. As he walked behind her, taking in the wet hair at her nape, the messy tangle of hair tied up on her head, and a few drops of water on the back of her neck he suspected he had caught he mid shower, and the thought sent a small spasm of heat through him. His eyes dropped to her denim shorts and he noticed how nicely her small round butt filled them, and the length of her lean lightly tanned thighs, ending in small bare-feet with red painted toenails. Mmmm.

Shaking his head as she motioned him over to the desk, his attention reverted from her to the inert laptop on the desktop. Immediately his attention went to what the problem could be and he completely forgot how cute the laptop owner was for a moment as he sat down, and began to examine it, opening his black leather bag for tools.

«How did this happen?» he asked, glancing up again to see Tina biting her lip as she watched him. He almost did a double take as he noticed how beautiful her brown eyes were, how pink her lips were, and how her cheeks were reddened, probably from the hot shower she had been taking as he arrived. He felt a stirring in his groin and immediately looked down again, away from her.

Tina was relieved when Danny looked down; she was embarrassed enough as it was. «Ummmm I was downloadingsomething.and this warning message popped up and then it just crashed». She ran he had up and realised her hair was still untidily piled up on her head, and slightly damp~! *damn* she thought to herself and blushed, again glad Danny seemed mesmerised by her laptop rather than her. «Would you like some coffee?» she asked.

Danny glanced up, reddening slightly at her intent stare, «Yes, please, black, three sugars if you don't mind? Hope you have things to do, this might be a while»

«Oh. Well THAT doesn't sound good yeah sure I can make coffee, would like a cup myself» her voice trailed off as she realised he was once more focussed on her laptop, which he was unscrewing to reveal complicated innards. Tina walked off to brew some coffee, and while it was brewing she quickly went to the bathroom and unclipped her hair. Shaking it loose she brushed it until it gleamed, and loathe to at this stage put on make-up and send the wrong signals, she brushed on some sheer lip-gloss, grimaced at her reflection, and went back to finish the coffee.

Tina put the second cup of coffee down and took the empty first cup to the kitchen. Well. This was boring. She returned to the study and sat on the desk opposite to the one Danny was working on. He looked up and again felt a stirring as he saw her cross her lithe legs, noticing how lustrous her hair was now it was loose. He looked down again to hide a grin, as he had of course found the cause of her problems. «I - uh- found the problem» he said, still looking down.

«Really?» Tina asked excitedly. «That's awesome. I hope you can fix it? That laptop is my life; my work is on it, my pictures music.» Her voice trailed off

«Oh I can fix it,» Danny said, looking up, and grinning.

Tina jumped down and came and stood close, leaning over as if she could see what was wrong. As she leaned in Danny could smell her shampoo and the scent of oranges on her skin, perhaps from a body scrub. Emboldened by the stirring in his groin which would not be ignored, Danny said «Yeah, I can fix it. I have had to back up EVERYTHING, and will reload it. I will also load a decent anti-virus and anti-spyware programmes.» He glanced up over the rim of his glasses and saw her bite her lip again. His eyes transfixed on the soft wetness of her lip and he swallowed.

«Ohhhh,» said Tina, turning to look at Danny. «Soooo did I have a virus?» She stopped almost dead when she saw him staring at her intently, and her face flushed.

«Yes a tricky little Trojan and a number of malicious spywares» Danny said, and then deliberately met her eyes. «You must be so careful when you visit those sites, you know, they almost always download viruses with the clips» and his voice trailed off. He saw panic and dismay in her eyes, as her pink glossy lips formed an O. He smothered a smile as he looked at her. This time it was she who reddened delightfully.

Tina felt a flash of heat and knew she was blushing red as she tried to brazenly meet Danny's eyes. As she met his she was also struck by how blue they were, hidden behind those glasses. She did not know what to say. Should she lie, or brazen it out? Even as she thought his she realised he obviously KNEW what sites she visited. Not that she could have hidden her browser history, even if she HAD thought of it, as her laptop had simply crashed. She slightly closed her eyes - was that a smile Danny was hiding, and a twinkle in his eye?

«Ummm» she stammered. «Well, ummmm, yes, I sometimes do research  so ummm I well.. You know.»

Danny ley out a small laugh which made her redden more. «Oh, I see» he said, then grinned broadly at her, obviously enjoying himself. Oh yes, of course, I know. And I only read Playboy for the articles. They ARE informative you know»

Tina narrowed her eyes. He was smiling, in fact laughing, and his eyes WERE definitely twinkling. She blushed again, tongue tied, embarrassed yet becoming somehow less so as this developed. She considered what he said, and then, unbidden, found herself laugh. «Well, ok thenyes ok, ok, ok, I guess there are NO secrets from your IT Technician.so. YES, I look at porn sometimes what of it?»

Danny guffawed and Tina found herself joining in. «Well, Tina,» Danny said again catching and holding her eye. «Before you dig too deep a hole, let me remind you I have seen your browser history and what you have saved on your hard drive. Tina laughed again a little embarrassedly.

«Yikes. Colour ME embarrassed,» she said emphasising it by blushing again. «Damn now you know as much about me as my gynae» she joked. She liked how his eyes crinkled as he laughed and smiled. She moved closer, hardly realising that she was, and could smell the fragrance of his aftershave. Clean-cut, grassy, it was nice, and she felt a flood of warmth through her body and a moistening in her groin~! Well ok, in for a pennyshe thought.

«Well, hey,» she said in a more confident voice, «at least I am human, come on, most people watch or look at porn.and I am a healthy young woman.» She moved and her nipples hardened at the feel of the tight vest top as she moved. She could not even be embarrassed as it felt good.

Danny saw her nipples harden, like a punch to his gut, and he felt himself harden fully as his eyes took in the outline of a perky nipple. He hoped she did not notice the hardness straining at the zip of his jeans. He gave a throaty laugh. «Well yes you are right, and there is nothing wrong with a little porn».

Tina noticed the bulge in his pants and swallowed hard. Damn. She cleared he throat. «Well what kind of porn do you look at then?» She challenged.

Danny coughed and looked up as he began reloading all her programmes and personal files to her computer. Well he had not expected that. He swallowed, reddened, and coughed. «Well uhhh»

Now Tina was grinning and no longer embarrassed. «No no, you know all about me, so come on spill it.»

Danny looked at her, made up his mind and blurted out «well the normal kind you know»

«Oh?» Tina said and turned the chair so she could see his face better, he tried to turn back but she squatted in front of him. He saw the tight top cling to her small round breasts, felt his cock buck in his pants at the hardness of her nipples, and tried to smile. «Like what - men on men, threesomes, orgies, straight sex, what?» She rattled off, watching his discomfort grow.

«Definitely Not men on men,» Danny defended quickly, regretting it when he saw her smile and intent stare. «And, well,» he stammered, «I like the same site you do»

Now Tina got nervous. «Which one?» she asked nervously.

«You know,» Danny said, «PeeSearch» his voice trailed off had he said too much.

Tina blushed, straightened, seemed to be thinking, then bent again, nervousness and excitement in her eyes as she bent over him again. «Really? So what is your nick?» She asked, challengingly.

«GeelGoud» Danny answered half defensively. «Yours?»

«So that is YOU?» she asked, smiling widely. «Ohhhh I LOVE your stories» she blurted out. «I was thrilled to see your nick by the way, to see a fellow South African on the site.I am Kryssie,» she finished in a rush. She saw Danny's eyes widen and his mouth curve in a smile.

«Kryssie? YOU are Kryssie?» he squealed. «Damn I LOVE all your posts . You are so hot» he said, blushing again as he realised he had actually downloaded HER video clips and photos and used them to titillate himself when he needed it. He also loved her stories, so intimate, so graphic, so WET~! Damn, he loved Kryssie's stuff. Unbidden a vision of one of her clips came to mind, and he could see the sweet little pussy with the dark landing strip of hair opening up and spilling liquid gold noisily in several locations. Ahhhh the stuff of dreams

He shook his head as he met Tina's eyes again. «I am not sure how to feel about the fact I have seen your most intimate parts,» she said to Danny, but with a smile. Then suddenly she laughed so loud and so hard she threw her head back, and Danny wondered what it would feel like to kiss her where her throat pulsed in that sweet hollow.

«What is so funny?» he asked.

«I was downloading one of YOUR video clips when my laptop crashed» Tina blurted out snorting with laughter. Danny reddened again, embarrassed. «You owe me,» Tina said, gently tapping the tip of his nose» your hot video fried my computer»

«Well how can I repay you for that?» he asked, longing to move closer and kiss her soft pink lips.

«Hmmm» said Tina, mimicking deep thought. «We-ellllll» she continued. «You COULD show me for real what I tried to download.» And she grinned and licked her lips. Danny was mesmerised, his eyes never leaving hers.

«Alright, but hey only if you show me yours.» He joked. Tina grinned again.

«We'll see.»

«Well where shall I.» Danny trailed off as Tina grabbed his hand and led him out to a small enclosed garden just off the small lounge of her bottom floor flat. Danny looked around, it was very private and he recognised it as the scene for many of her clips on the site they both belonged to. Watching her eyes he grinned, thinking *fuck it, let's DO this*. He unbuttoned his jeans, and pulled them off, throwing them on a garden chair. He shivered when Tina walked over and helped slip his white boxer briefs off, also putting them over the chair for him.

He felt his cock bounce, hard and stiff, at the touch of her hands and her sweet scent as he stripped off his briefs. He saw Tina lick her lips when she saw his hardness, and he stiffened more. One of the reasons Tina loved his clips was that he was able to perform, even erect, producing clear arcs of pee curving over fairly large distances. Without asking, she reached out and held him, and heard his soft intake of breath. They stood there for a while and then Danny admitted in a strangled voice. «I CN pee hard, but dammit not THIS hard» he was devastated and so embarrassed.

Tina laughed and turned, still holding him, and kissed him deeply, feeling him throb and buck in her hands. AS he pulled away she giggled. «Sorry,» she whispered softly! Then she looked him straight in his eyes. «Why don't we do something we have both only dreamed of and written about on our site?»

Danny swallowed. «You mean.» His voice trailed off as precum erupted from his bouncing shaft.

«Yeah,» giggled Tina as she pulled off her vest top revealing her gorgeous small upswept breast, with their jutting brown nipples. She shrugged out of her shorts, and Danny recognised the small dark strip of hair, the slight rounded lips, and shadowy cleft he had often stared at on his screen. He whistled softly and Tina giggled and pirouetted in front of him, then leaned over and pulled his short off. AS she threw his shirt over the chair, she leaned in and kiss and nuzzled his smooth tanned skin, darting her tongue out, then blowing slowly, watching goosebumps erupt, and hearing him sigh~!

She trailed upwards till her lips fastened on his, and her small breasts squashed against his chest. He felt the crispness of her little patch of pubic hair grind into his hardness as she melted against him, feeling his hardness rub against her large sweet little clit, and she sighed.

Danny slowly lowered himself and her onto the soft grass without breaking their kiss, and soon he was on his back, pulling her on top of him. She moulded herself to him as they kissed forever, and she moaned and sighed into his mouth, rotating her hips and grinding against him. She broke the kiss and moved her legs so she was sitting on his groin, his hardness laid flat beneath her, and she arched her back and threw her head backwards as she slid herself against his long shaft. Danny sighed as she felt the wet heat from her pussy rub along the length of his cock, and his hands found her small breasts, engulfing them. He moved her down a little so he could half sit and slowly lowered his head till he suckled her breasts.

The feel of his teeth and tongue on her nipples sent ripples of hot white heat searing through her and she quivered against him, sighing and moaning loudly. His hands left her breasts and roamed down, over her hips, her thighs, akimbo over his torso, and traced the sweet lines of her little pussy lips, following the line of dark crispy hair down towards her clit which was large enough to jut out teasingly. AS his hands opened he sweet lips revealing a wet gleaming pink core, he looked up at her. She grinned, and nodded and he moved his hands back to her breasts, closing her eyes.

She lifted up slightly, and his hard throbbing cock sprung free. She closed her eyes and his flew open as he felt the hot wetness drip on his aching cock and trickle over his balls. His eyes opened and he watched a few seconds, scarcely believing he was SEEING this, something he had dreamed and fantasied over for ages. Her eyes opened and fixed on his as her hand slid down, and as a small hard rivulet of warm wetness ran from her, she helped his oozing tip slide effortlessly into her wet aching pink core.

He moaned loudly as he slowly slid into the hot wet velvety tightness of Tina, feeling the pressure of her hot wet pee against him as he did so. With a last little push of his hips and she slid down, he buried himself completely inside her, amazed at her tightness, feeling her on-going carefully controlled trickle, and he waited just inside her for a long sweet moment, as she held her breath, before he began slowly sliding out, tantalisingly slow, then in again, then out.

With each thrust into her she gasped, and pushed down so he slid in so deep he was lost in tight soaking wet velvety heat. Soon they had a rhythm going, but it was slow, and he leaned up again as she bent down so the hot wet strokes and her gushy wetness filled them both with such white hot intensity of feeling they could barely breathe. Their lips met and their tongues danced as they moaned noisily into each other's open mouthed wet kisses.

Suddenly Danny drive deep into her, and held it inside, not moving, not letting her move, and then, as he slowly moved, in melted moments of time, she felt warm wetness pooling at his rooted base, felt his stream release into her. She closed her eyes and curved backwards, allowing him to slid in so deeply he gasped, at an angle that allowed him to release his stream. With each thrust up she met him pushing down, with each thrust he jetted warm wetness into her and they both sighed loudly. With each long slow withdrawal, almost until he was completely out of her, she pushed and released her own stream of piss.

Tina was lost in a world of delight, of wet hot melty floating nothingness, of sensations and feelings, and when she dazedly opened her eyes, she saw Danny do the same, and his were full of lustful wonder, as dazed as she felt, and then close them again and sighed loudly and she too closed her eyes and just enjoyed her wildest fantasy coming true.

Her stream waned and dribbled to a halt, and soon after so did Danny's. AS they both finished their eyes opened and held on each other and Danny continued to slide in slowly, tantalisingly, for long lost moments of silence interspersed only with soft mutual sighs. Then Tina bent and kissed him, biting his lip, and whispered «please please Danny FUCK me? Please? Hard» Danny's eyes gleamed and she bent over onto him, hugging him, tightening herself on him as Danny's hops began to thrust wildly, deeply, with frenzied strokes.

«ohhhh oh, ohhhh, yes, yes, yes, oh God~! OH Danny you're so deep, so so soooo deep it almost hurts. Don't. Stop. Please. Whatever you doDon't. Stop. Don't Stop.»

«I won't, I won't» Danny grunted, teeth clenched as he thrust in deeper, harder faster, relentless, no more soft wet love making, no more teasing and tantalising, this was FUCKING in capital letters, and he felt Tina shudder and heard he moan loudly, invoking his name, and God's almost simultaneously as he plunged ruthlessly into her grunting each time.

«oh oh oh oh OHHHH. OH MY GOD» Tina screamed. «oh I love it, I love it so much, oh my God, Danny I am cumming, I am cu-u-u-ummming»

Danny felt Tina tightened on him then loosen then tighten, felt her thighs clench almost painfully against him as she threw her head back and he felt her body shake against him and on him as she squealed and repeated « oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck» in his ear. As her voice whispered in his ear, he felt his own orgasm building and was surprised to hear his own voice add to hers as he called out «Oh Fuck. I am cumming to. Oh. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uhhh..»

As Tina's orgasm quivered to a shaky end, so did Danny's and she collapsed against him, both of them breathing hard. She could feel his heart thumping against her chest and wondered if he could feel hers. Sweat glistened on both their bodies, and his arm came up to cradle her to him, as they strove to control ragged breaths and shaking bodies. Long moments of suspended time passed and finally their breaths were almost normal, and Danny's one hand moved up to cup her head as she whispered in his ear. «Oh my God that was awesome. Thank you . I have never ever done that with anyone. Thank you»

«No,» Danny said quietly in a hoarse voice. «no, thank YOU. Wow. Thank you.»

