Discovering an old college friend loves peeing - a true event!

5th August 2007, 05:13 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

MissPissyPants actually convinced me to post this. It happened a couple of months back when I was visiting mum and dad after going on holiday to Italy. It was with a friend from way back (actually we were in a youth orchestra together rather than college, but I felt too embaressed to put that in the title! ). I didn't have the balls to write it earlier, and besides, I was worried it may sound a bit tame! It was our first time having "wet" fun together (we'd got "physical" together before, but hadn't had full sex either) - but I hope just the first chapter of many! . Like I say, being a first time, it was still a bit exploratory, but hopefully I can get across that amazing erotic buzz when you realise someone you've known for ages finds pee just as much of a turn on as you!....

We'd been to a restaurant, then a pub in town, and were walking back across Victoria Park to her terraced house (I'll leave you to guess which Victoria Park it was - there's quite a few in the UK!) We'd got on famously! It was like old times, only with an even greater feeling of anticipation. We'd both recently split up (well, I say recently - its about 18 months for me! , and she was in a kind of "trial seperation" thingy with her bf) and I think were both in a VERY horny mood! We laughed and joked all the way back, occasionally steadying each other as we nearly fell! Finally, we tumbled into her house and sat at the kitchen table. We were still laughing like drains, but by now I so wanted to kiss her, to touch her. I felt sure she did too, but the shy little boy in me held me back.

It was when she got up to make coffees that the dam finally broke. I got up offering to help, and just put my arms around her waist! She put her hands over mine as I leant down and kissed her neck! (I know this probably sounds like a slushy novel right now but bare with me - things will happen! lol). I gingerly moved my hands forward over her tummy, then up towards her breasts. My desire was overpowering my shyness now. I caressed her breasts, luxuriating in that unique feeling of the female bosom!

Then she turned round and we started kissing passionately, hands al over each other. My cock was stiffening rapidly now, which she got confirmation of as she rubbed the front of my trousers with a sigh! I know this is a pee site and not a romantic novella forum! so I'll move onto the bit where she was leading me up the stairs by the hand. We'd got VERY physical by now, and each had ample evidence of how turned on the other was!...She said "I just need to pee, you wanna get comfy on the bed while I nip in here?"

"Actually, I need it too" I replied. Then I took the bull by the horns. I just followed her into the bathroom! It was a risk. She could have pushed me out, calling me a perv! But she didn't. Instead she looked intently at me as she pulled her trousers and pants down and sat on the toilet. Spreading her legs wide, and continuing to look me in the eyes, she let go. A torrent hit the water in the toilet as I gazed at her gushing pussy. Needless to say, I had a major boner by now, only prevented from getting fully hard by my own desperate need to pee! Finally, she stopped peeing and wiped her dripping pussy with some loo roll.

"Your turn now" she said. She got up, and with her trousers still around her ankles, helped me out of mine. It took a bit of levering, but finaly I was out, and could release the pressure in my bladder. She held me gently between her fingers, while kissing me on the cheek. This was soo sensual and erotic. I peed for quite a while, my almost erect state slowing the flow. Finally I stopped, she gave me a shake, then stepped out of her trousers and by now soaking pants, leaving them on a crumpled heap on the bathroom floor!

We made our way to her bedroom, kissing passionately, and had THE most amazing sex!

There you are! I told you the peeing bit was a bit tame! But it was all incredibly erotic. I hope that comes across!

We're planning to meet up again soon. We definitely plan to take the peeing to the next stage. I'll keep you posted!

