Malin loves the gym!

3rd February 2009, 12:31 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi!

This is another fictitious story… (But there is so much of me in the girl Malin… )

*******

Malin loved the gym. But it wasn't just the workout… The gym was newly opened and the dressing room, the shower room and the sauna were very luxurious and comfortable, just like a dream. There was even a relaxing room with comfortable easy chairs. Malin always took her time to change dress, to shower, enjoy the sauna and rest in the relaxing room. When she arrived to the gym she used to take off her skirt and top, leaving only panties, nylon stockings and garter belt on, and then sit down for a while, looking at the other women on the sly…

To day she was looking at a small girl, probably a couple of years younger than her own 24 years. She knew that the girl's name was Tina, but she had never seen her undress before. Tina was slim and small, at most five foot. Malin sighed… Tina was so cute. Her eyes were blue as forget-me-not. She looked so mischievous with her frizzly, red hair! When she unbuttoned her blouse she revealed a pair of rather small but well-shaped and perky breasts. She undressed very swiftly, throwing her clothes into a locker. Skirt, pantyhose and panties… «Oh, gosh! What a wonderfully cute pussy!» Malin thought. Her pubes were exactly as red as her head!

But the delightful view was short lived. Tina was obviously in a hurry. In no time she was dressed for work out and then she ran out from the dressing room. Leaving a very aroused Malin behind. She put a hand between her thighs. Yeah, as she thought her panties had got a pretty wet crotch!

Two girls entered the dressing room. «Oh, yummy!» Malin thought as she pulled out her hand from her crotch. She'd met Lilly and Gabby several times before. They were a lesbian couple and they were very much in love and they showed it in very uninhibited ways. Always touching, kissing and caressing each other. It was like they were totally unaware of those around them.

And this time, when they'd got rid of all their clothes and stuffed them in a locker, they were obviously so taken by each other's naked body that they started to hug and kiss! They were so busy that Malin was sure that they wouldn't look at her. So she couldn't refrain herself from putting a hand between her thighs again… Wow, her panties were soaking! And wetter they became when the girls pressed and grinded their bodies against each other! And great heavens, those girls really knew how to kiss! Malin watched and learned… Gabby, who was smaller than Lilly, started to hump Lilly's thigh! Malin's fingers fluttered like butterfly wings on her pussy outside her panties

…

Suddenly Lilly and Gabby stopped and put on their training clothes in a hurry and vanished. «No, no», Malin whispered, I haven't come yet!» Slightly disappointed she continued changing clothes and went out to work out… «Maybe I should have wiped my pussy…» she muttered when she strolled away.

Malin came back after her work out, very warm and sweaty. And with a big wet spot on her pants… Was it sweat or was it other fluids…? She undressed and went to the shower room. Before her went a girl that she'd seen before. Wasn't it…? Yeah, it was… That cute girl that Malin once thought, no, was almost certain, that she saw her pee in the shower! The girl went to a shower and Malin went to the shower opposite to the girl's. The girl put her soap and shampoo on the shelf. When she did that, she danced tip toe and in the same moment as she started to reach for the tap she started to pee! She was so startled that she didn't at once turn on the water.

Faced to Malin she peed so forcefully that the pee spray splattered three foot outside the cubicle! Malin, who in beforehand had planned to pee in the shower, wasn't late to follow the girl's example! She parted her legs and pushed her hips forward and let go! She'd already turned on her shower but her spray was so strong that it shot out through the shower beams and… wow! It reached all the way to the spot where the girls pee landed and the pee from the two girls mixed! The up- and forward direction of Malin's pee spray made it hit her clit on it's way and to Malin's surprise she got a rocking orgasm!

She was so dazed that she took a couple of stumbling steps forward, slipped and unexpectedly she was sitting on her butt on the floor! Right in front of the girl, still peeing and her pee hit the legs of the girl! And at the same time the girl's pee splashed on the floor between Malin's legs… But obviously not satisfied with that , the girl took a step forward and aimed thoroughly, making her pee hit right upon Malin's pussy! Causing another earth quaking orgasm! The girl stuck three eagerly digging fingers in her pussy while pee streamed between her fingers and with her other hand she fondled her stiff little clit! But then she stopped, helped Malin on her feet, took her by the hand and went in to the sauna, which was empty. They laid down on a bench and in the steaming heat they caressed each other to wonderfully orgasms.

- »I'm in a hurry», the girl then said. «I've got to go! By the way… my name is Toni!»

- »I'm Malin», Malin said.

- »Let's meet again! I'll be here Wednesday, two o'clock…

- »Me too! See you then…»

*******

To be continued in due course…

Yvette

