Reality Akwardness

6th December 2010, 07:12 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

This past Saturday Josh and I met with our small group of friends who all enjoy Watersports in one variety or another. Including ourselves there were five couples present. We agreed to all meet in a resteraunt for dinner before returning to the home of one of the couples. Josh and I got there first and all arrived within 10 minutes of each other so we did not experience a long wait for the last couple to arrive.

The resteraunt was crowded as you might expect for a Saturday night with only two more weekends left before Christmas. After the staff moved 3 tables together we all were seated against the outside wall which afforded us at least some privacy from anyone tending to listen to our conversation. We made small talk while looking at the menu and deciding what to order. Not one person made any comment about peeing although more than one person requested extra water when they initially ordered their meal.

Surprisingly, during the meal no mention was made of peeing. A couple of veiled comments like "have another drink" or" can I get the waitress to order us more to drink" were made tho. Our entire conversation consisted of family, work, and Christmas preperation talk. After we finished eating several people hesitantly decided to stop off at the restroom prior to leaving for our hosts home for the evening.This I'm sure is the result of preparing for the party by forcing liquids for the past 24 hours. Even some of the guys decided to as they put it "hit the restroom " before leaving. I thought to myself what a waste of urine, deffinetely there are advantages to eating at the home of our hosts.

Upon arriving at our hosts home everyone brought in their travel bags and made themselves comfortable in their large first floor living room. The small talk continued. It was almost as if everyone including our hosts were afraid to bring up the subject of peeing. I could not help noticing two wives squirming as if they were beginning to get uncomfortable.

For some reason when Josh and I enjoy pee together were always already naked, no doubt because were nudists and alre always naked in the evenings when home. other married couples ahve told me their peeing sessions always are connected to sex and as such they are usually pretty much naked already so peeing is pretty much less akward.

Finally my curiosity got to me and at a break in the conversation I mentioned that "this was supposed to be a pee party, so whats the holdup?" Almost everyone mentioned they were waiting for someone else to start it. In the case of this party our hosts had already prepared a place in the basement suitable for our purposes - a plastic yard pool, plastic on the floor and their open shower in the corner of the room. Maybe since it was aprticularly cold here in nothern Ohio everyone was hesitant to disrobe in order to "get wet".

Eating out also caused some hesitation because normally like the others Josh and I arrive minimally dressed wearing only a pair of sweats and sports shoes. Finally someone suggested the couples head for a nearby bedroom and change into something . Within five minutes everyone was downstairs, most couples attired in sweats or shorts and a tee shirt. The one exception was Marylin, who if you have read our other posts you know remains fully dressed while enjoying our sport. Josh and I were attired in our favorite outfits - our birthday suits. Everyone was barefoot even tho concrete floor was a bit uncomfortable.

I could not believe it but even at this point not one person made any attempt to be the first to pee. Finally i decided sonce our hosts wern't attempting to make everyone comfortable and get things going i decided it was up to Josh and me. I then asked "well, since Josh and I are already naked who wants to begin and where do you want us. All of a sudden the mood changed, everyone relaxed and started to smile - the party was on!

Not to my surprise due to my big mouth (trying to get things moving) pretty much everyone decided they wanted me to lay down onthe floor while they surrounded me in a circle for a major shower. These are not my favorite by any means as I prefer not to get pee in my hair, at least not so early in the evening. Also I must admit I'm not a fan of getting it directly in my face either, especially while laying flat on the floor. Its always the guys who aim directly at myface and head. At this poing i made two requests - 1) that only one guy aim at my face, and 2) that everyone get totally naked before I laid down (thats a special fetish I have, we'll talk more about that in another post). Marylin asked Josh if he would wait off to the side with her for a minute while we did the first round.

As soon as everyone was naked, got in position on the floor. Four guys and 3 women positioned themselves around me. I teased them for about a minute - telling them they couldnt start untill i said they could. One guy actually started to dribble out of desperation. Immediately I said "go" and for about a full minute it was as if I was completely isolated from the world. Warm pee flooded my head, some entering my nostrals forcing me to breathe through my mouth which forced me to swallow some. My eyes burned as if i got shampoo in them, My breasts were simouteaneously flooded by warm pee, judging from the intensity from two females. The stream attacking my vagina was onviously from a guy. I was in heaven!

To soon it was over and I immediately began to get cold as I stood up. Josh, anticipating this, already was running warm water in the shower. I showered in the open shower which had no curtain i full view of everyone. (The nudist / exhibitionsit in me enjoyed this).

As I dried off I noticed several people had covered up with their robes due to the coolness of the basement. I can always tell when were in a cool atmosphere by the position of Josh's testicles (my personal thermometer). As I finished drying Marylin not sitting on the floor fully dressed in her now fameous dark green full skirt and white silk blouse (braless of course) asked Josh to "do me please". Josh peed for what seemed to be a good 90 seconds thouroughly soaking her. The minute he was done he jumped down in the small pool of leftover now cool pee while she lifted her skirt while standing over his face.

After Josh showered he and I continued to remain undressed as we watched porn movies and force more liquids. The rest of the evening consisted mostly of couples (not married to each other) teaming up forwhat we call "catch", sitting naked on the floor while your aprtner attempst to aim directly for your open mouth. Everyone lets it run out without swallowing any more then necessary. Eveyone showered after taking their turns.

About muidnight everyone dressed showereds and dressed in their street clothing and headed home. Before we left we decided to eliminate any akwardness in the future a couple fo changes would be made.

No more eating out, from now on everyone brings enough to share, the hosts will supply all meat and beverages for the evening. The host couple will keep the temperature at least 78 degrees. And finally the host couple will be the first to undress and pee or be peed on. This should eliminate any future akwardness once and for all.

More next time, Emily and Josh

