Average life turned...wet! part 10

13th July 2014, 02:28 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 10

A short while later the door bell rang, «Oh that must be Nicolas from the restaurant» Sabrina said.

She put something to look a bit decent in order not to distract the waiter from the restaurant again she walked to the door and let Nicolas in.

«Hi Nicolas, nice of you to come on such short notice and wanting to give us a hand setting up a surprise party. I am Sabrina and the Lady of the house there is Kim, it is for her soon to be husband we like to create an early surprise birthday party.»

«Nice idea», Nicolas complimented, «I have some ideas and after what you told me on the phone it should be a bit erotic or erotic foods and drinks and maybe som ideas for entertainment. How many people do you expect to join?»

Kim answered that question with tact «It will be my partner Rob, Sabrina here, myself, maybe my neighbors but I have not been able to contact them yet but they might arrive today or tomorrow back here and, if you like, we like you to be here as well to help with the serving but also as a guest and if you like you can bring one person the assist you but you have to tell that person that things here might get a bit steamy if you know what I mean?? Nicolas? Helllloooo!!» Nicolas was somewhere else with his mind for a moment and pictured already what was going to happen. Nicolas was wearing a pair of khaki shorts. Not the kind down to his knees but more sporty ones and in the front the girls started to see some beginnings of a tent pole growing up. Sabrina walked up to him and with a wink gave the upcoming boner a little slap and said, »come on Nicolas,. We've got work to do first, concentrate and maybe later...?»

The three of them sat down in the living room by the lower coffee table and started to exchange ideas. It was not easy for Nicolas to keep focus because the dinner wishes of the girls were sounding very naughty to say the least and Nicolas his hand was holding his crotch and squeezing his cock to discourage it from standing up.

«Ok Nicolas, what do you suggest we use as a kind of food glue, so the foods do not fall of so easily and especially not when we do what we do?» Sabrina wanted to know.

«Well I will ask the Chef from the restaurant but I think something made from seaweed or seaweed powder like agar agar should work or otherwise cornstarch but I am not in favor of that.»

After a few more suggestions about the drinks and entertainment Kim came up with an idea. «Nicolas and Sabrina, you can practice a bit, I've got agar agar powder here and cornstarch as well, why don't you try it? I will make some rice balls and stuff like that and see if it sticks to you body.»

Kim went into the kitchen and started preparing the different pasts. She still had a container of cold cooked rice in the fridge and warmed that up as well to room temperature.

«Listen Nicolas, Sabrina is going to undress now in order for this 'science' project so just control yourself a bit longer.» Nicolas stuttered,»eh hu, yes sure Kim, no pppproblem.»

Sabrina walked off to the Bathroom, undressed and took a quick shower and after drying herself put on some fresh panties and within minutes she was back and stood in front of Nicolas with her nipples hard sticking out. Nicolas had a very tough time and it only took seconds to have his hardon being in the way of normal movement. He walked around like he just pissed his pants.

Kim came out of the Kitchen and had the first food glue paste ready. «Ok Nicolas, it's only fair, if you want just remove your clothes otherwise you might hurt yourself if the tip of your cock keeps rubbing against the front of your pants, you might get blister and we would not want that to happen, now do we Nicolas? Sabrina, lay down on the coffee table dear so we can start trying some things out, shed the panties dear, also that area will be used possibly!»

Sabrina removed her panties and kicked them to the other side of the room. Nicolas was trying to remove his clothes also, had a little trouble with his shorts going past is now ridged cock but he managed after a while.

Nicolas finally started speaking some sense, «Sabrina, I see you have a lovely pussy and pubic hair, I have this friend, a lady working part time in the restaurant but she is also a hairdresser and she does work on pubic hair sometimes. I have heard that she is a real artist and a bit kinky, how about I ask her to come along and make some artwork from your pubic hair. Also she gives some body-painting classes and might have some nice ideas on that to. She is not my girlfriend but we get along fine, we met on some dance classes we had a while ago, how about it?»

«Nicolas! Great idea, you just made sure that the party will become a success! We would love the idea of some artwork and while you are at it, see if you can come up with an erotic dance act of some sort would be lovely as well! So please yes!» Kim said.

Nicolas took the first batch of seaweed past and smeared it over Sabrina's body who was lying flat on her back, arms along her side and staring up to the ceiling. Nicolas was getting into his work and forgot where is cock was up to, since it was a nice size and swaying around while he was smearing the paste on her body his cock occasionally brushed against Sabrina's body.

After the paste had dried a bit, he took the rice balls that Kim had made and placed them on Sabrina's body and pressed and hold them for a while. He then proceeded to walk around Sabrina's head and accidentally the tip of his cock dragged of Sabrina's forehead leaving track like a snail.

Sabrina lifted her hand, wiped some of the pre-cum on her finger and licked it off and after which she approved of the taste she grabbed Nicolas his cock and swiped over the tip with her thumb and licked that off as well. «He Nicolas, this would be just as good to use as food glue, you realize that!» Sabrina grinned from ear to ear! «No, not now», Kim said, we also got some men here tomorrow and I don't think they are in favour for it.»

Kim, got the batch of cornstarch and Nicolas used it on some other body parts and tried it if it could hold the rice balls.

«Mm, Sabrina said, still would like to try if his cum will work also, just to make the science project complete, what do you say Kim?»

Kim responded by taking of her clothes as well and told them to give them a hand.

Sabrina gestured to Nicolas to come close and grabbed his 'lovestick' and guided it to her mouth.

She started swirling her tongue around the tip of his cock and playing with his pee hole. Kim came closer and holding Nicolas his cock also but no and then squeezing it in order to stop him from shooting his load too quickly. The scene was getting hotter by the minute. Kim start touching Sabrina's clit and Sabrina started her hips moving sideways and back.

Nicolas was on the brink of shooting his 'glue ' out and Kim quickly jerked him away from Sabrina's mouth in order to have him cum on her body but it was too late! Just as his cock pulled out of Sabrina's mouth, cum started flying up and Kim dove down to catch it in her mouth and closed her mouth around Nicolas' cock.

It looked like Nicolas had saved up for weeks because Kim really got a mouthful and she even could not hold it all and it started dripping. When Nicolas was finished he apologized for his mistake and gave the warning much too late but Kim smiled it away. Kim then proceeded to spit the seed on different parts of Kim's body after which she placed little rice balls on those spots.

Then they waited. They had to let everything dry and then see if the rice balls would still stay in place even if Sabrina would move a bit. Kim made some lemonade for everyone and one glass with a straw for Sabrina.

She sat the glass for Sabrina next to her head on the table and had made from 3 straws a long one in order to reach Sabrina's mouth.

«Kim, how long do I have to wait here?»,Sabrina asked,» I really got to pee!»

«Aha, good timing», Kim laughed while she was saying it, «Well Nicolas, the honor is all yours this time. You overheard our conversation yesterday in the restaurant so I know it might be 'your cup of tea', otherwise you would not have come here anyway, So listen...» She gave him instructions and he was eager to comply, very eager!

Nicolas spread Sabrina's legs, went to his knees and moved his mouth close to Sabrina's pussy. He stuck out his tongue and started licking Sabrina's 'grotto' He moved slow at first and then licking around her clitoris and then after a few minutes 'went in for the kill'. With the middle finger of his left hand he went inside and tried to find the G-spot and with his tongue he stimulated her pee hole and with his right hand he put his hand on top of her pubic hair and pushed up a bit so her peephole started point upwards to the ceiling and also with that right hand at the same time he slightly pushed on her bladder area.

All three of them were now desperately waiting for things to come. «Any second now!» Kim thought but Sabrina just was not able to show her stream where the exit was. Sabrina said,» A little pee shy maybe, I am working on telling it were the exit is but maybe if I hear some running water or so it might help!»

«No problem Sabrina! I will help you, just get ready!» Kim moved near Sabrina's head and set her right foot on the coffee table so her pussy opened up started spraying her pee immediately straight on Sabrina's face!

Sabrina in turn exploded right away and her firehose like stream hit Nicolas hard in his face at full force and Nicolas started lapping after which remembered his 'assignment' and pulled her pussy a bit towards her belly. The pee went then straight towards the ceiling, it sprayed up at least 4 or 5 feet up in the air. It was a beautiful view, a real natural fountain in the 'garden of Eden'. Sabrina was still drinking from Kim's source and Nicolas stared in amazement at Sabrina's wonderful stream. Of course the stream had to come down, so it came down on Sabrina's pubic hair and belly and when Nicolas directed the stream a bit and shoved his head under there, he could quench his thirst for a while.

The whole scene took a little over 3 minutes before both girls were drained.

«Wow, that was absolutely great», Kim said, «but now it is time to continue the rest of the experiment.

«Nicolas, now you have to pee on my body and try to hit the rice balls and see how long it takes your before they come loose and fall off, and if you have the volume, give me a natural refill also in my glass here next to my head. I have to try and taste you to see if I approve of you serving 'drinks' tomorrow at the party», and Sabrina winked to Kim several times while saying it.

Nicolas took aim and started peeing. The riceballs glued with his cum hold on the longest but close second were the ones glued with the seaweed powder. He then started to proceed to peeing in the glass next to Sabrina's head while she started sucking on the straw.

«Slurp, slurp, nice Nicolas, keep going, I love it, Kim, you got to try this». Kim walked over and knelled at the end and took over the straw to have a quick taste. «Nice Nicolas! You are officially approved as one of the servers here!»

The three of them finished, cleaned up and discussed some last minutes details and ideas, let Nicolas out and since it was getting late, went to bed without further activity because the next day might be a long and exiting one...

