Helen - 1

12th November 2005, 06:34 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe's Day at the Lake

We had been at the lake since 10am - it was now after 4:30pm and we decided to get going for home. I jumped into the lake one last time to cool off a bit, and to take care of my full bladder before the hour long drive home. Jennifer had not been in the water for at least a couple hours and I asked if she wanted to get in the water with me before we went home. "No, I'm pretty much dried off and don't want to get my bikini all wet again - I'll just wait for you."

We had both had a few bottles of water and I thought surely she would have to pee. I was hoping she would jump in the lake and press up next to me and pee in the lake so I could feel the warmth spread around us. This was something we did a number of times back when we were dating, but I didn't have the nerve to bring it up now that we were 'just friends'...and she didn't seem to need to go anyway.

Anyway, we gathered up our stuff and headed for the car. I was pretty wet and so was my towel - she was dry and offered me her towel to save my seat from getting wet. I sat on her fluffy towel and we headed for home.

Ten minutes into the hour drive I noticed her bouncing a knee ever so slightly, and occasionally showing just a hint of a squirm. I asked if she was alright. "I have to pee worse than I thought. I should have just gone in the lake before we left, but I really wanted to stay dry."

"How bad is it?" I asked. "Not too bad really - I'll be fine, but if you see a place to stop with a restroom, please pull over."

Just a minute later we saw an old mom and pop style gas station ahead - I pulled in but it was obvious they were already closed for the day. She got out anyway and checked for a bathroom around back. It was locked of course. She jumped back in the car and we drove off, continuing to look for a place to stop. At this point I felt a bit braver, and with a smile suggested that if it was so bad, she could have her towel back to sit on and just pee right in her bikini. "No big deal " I said, " And you can just change into your jeans afterward."

"Oh, I'm sure you'd love that" she said, with a big smile on her face. "Sorry, but I think it's best we just find a me a bathroom." Within a few more minutes she was starting to show a bit more desperation

, and admitted that she "really had to pee bad." We were a good 30 minutes from the lake by now, but still another 30 minutes back to civilization and to her apartment. We were just getting to the point of leaving the state park boundary and I remembered that there was a small campground just ahead at the edge of the park. I pulled in and saw that the bathrooms were just a few hundred yards in, and we pulled up in front. "Thank goodness you found this" she said, "I'm starting to have a hard time holding it." She hopped out of the car and headed up the short path to the ladies room.

I admit I watched lustfully as she walked up the path and I admired how the light blue bikini she was wearing showed off her perfect butt. She really is a hot, beautiful girl, and I just wished I was looking at her ass all wet with pee, like in the old days. She disappeared around the corner and I began to daydream about a time at the lake when she had flooded her bikini sitting on a picnic table bench right in front of me. I was startled out of my daydream in just a few seconds as Jen was headed back to the car, hand in between her legs. "Both bathrooms are closed and locked!" she said. "We have to find somewhere else quick, or I'm going to wet my pants!" I drove on into the park a bit further, thinking that by now she would be willing to go behind a tree or something. We both saw a turnoff ahead where there were a couple of secluded picnic tables. The area was deserted and there were plenty of trees and bushes. "Pull in over there by that picnic table" she said urgently.

I backed the car in next to the table, so we could keep an eye out for anyone who might come up and catch her in the bushes. "Yes, this is perfect" she said, looking around. I looked in all directions as well and didn't see anyone. I looked back over toward her and was surprised to see that she had not moved an inch to get out of the car. Instead she was sitting there looking at me, legs pressed together, with a huge grin on her face. "Aren't you going to go pee?" I asked. "Mmm yeah, I'm about to burst." She was still smiling at me, but now with a dreamy, sexy look on her face too. "Are you ready?" she whispered..."Here it comes..."

My heart was suddenly racing with the realisation of what was happening. I watched in amazement as she relaxed her body and I heard the hiss of her pee instantly rushing out into her sexy blue bikini and into the front seat of my car. We both looked down between her legs to see a glistening patch spreading in the front of her bikini. She opened her legs a bit and I saw the crotch of her bikini gleaming in the light, and a huge pool of pee spreading out around her in the seat. "Oh God this feels so good" she whispered to me. She made no attempt to clamp down on her bladder, simply letting her pee flow until she was finished.

I was stunned with surprise and excitement, not knowing what to do next. She leaned away from me to show me her beautiful wet ass, just as I had been dreaming of some minutes earlier. The previously light blue material was almost completely dark blue now. I couldn't help reaching over to feel the curve of her butt and ran my hands over the warm dripping fabric of her bikini. I could feel the pee pool in the seat where her butt was resting. She noticed the tent in the front of my swimsuit and reached inside. She stroked me gently while I was feeling the back of her soaking wet bikini. Within seconds, I came explosively in my trunks and looked over to see her other hand down the front of her own pants. I placed my hand over hers as she came hard, just seconds after I did.

It could have been an awkward moment then, but right away she said "I guess I've been missing our wet games more than I thought..."

"I think we'll be getting together again sooner than I thought..." I smiled, and she said she would take her towel from me after all. She climbed in the back seat, dried off and put on the panties and blue jeans she had in her tote bag. Putting the towel over the soaked seat, she climbed back up front and we headed out to drop her off at her apartment.

There was not much conversation the rest of the way home - we were both a bit thoughtful of the situation and overwhemled with satisfaction. We discussed perhaps getting together the following weekend, maybe to go to a concert that was going to be in town. As I pulled up in front of her apartment, she casually mentioned "I'm glad it didn't take too long to get home - I must have had too many bottles of water at the lake." Pressing her gorgeous legs together in her tight jeans, she asked "Why don't you help me bring my bag upstairs before you go?"

Joe H.

(Eagerly reading about Russ' car seat wetting friend, this is a little revisionist history about a time when I was coming home from the lake with my ex gf, and how it should have gone...)

