Pee on it 02

23rd September 2005, 03:23 PM

Author: fetish25

Location: london (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 15

As she paused, she said, "I've never felt so alive. Hubby would never treat me so well, so horribly. Plus, he lacks a cock like yours. I wouldn't ever bother licking his pee hole. If I did, he'd be so shocked he'd either cum right away, or shrivel up into a midget peanut. I think you might spoil me with this monster of yours. May I swallow your cum?"

"First, I want to...."

"...fuck my tits. I know, just like all the boys."

As we talked, Mrs. Big Tits was stroking my shaft. Precum was seeping out where the pee had flowed moments before. Rising up on her haunches, she rolled the helmet along each nipple in turn, and then without breaking eye contact, slid it between her breasts. Only then did she release it, in order to push the flesh of her tits around my shaft. She continued to do the work, bouncing up and down in her crouch, causing flesh to slide along flesh. My wife's A cup bumps lacked the capacity for titfucking. I had titfucked a few large breasted women, but their flesh had been doughy, and it felt like fucking a pillow. Fucking Mrs. Big Tits' namesakes was not like fucking a pussy either. They were slick with urine and sweat, but lacked the lubrication otherwise, and the muscles did not milk me like a cunt might. Her hands however provided plenty of pressure, and the flesh rubbing on mine was warm and firm.

Her breathing quickened as she bobbed her head down, teasing the tip of my cock with her tongue. Her cheeks reddened to match the friction burns on her cleavage. "I'm about to cum. Please anoint me," she panted. Once again, her finger pierced my anal ring. This time, the prostate stimulating brought forth a great flood of cream. Mrs. Big Tits pulled my pulsing cock out of the valley of her boobs, catching as much of my offering as possible in her mouth. The surplus spilled over her lower lip, running down her chin. As she pumped me dry, more flowed across her lovely orbs. Finally I was spent. She released my limp cock, and then massaged the cum into her flesh.

"Fresh sperm is the best breast cream. It's the one good thing hubby's cum was handy for except impregnating me," she said, laughing joyfully. As she spoke, my watch beeped. We were both startled out of our cocoon of fantasy." Damn, I wanted your cock up my cunt. Its years since I took one so big and thick. Some day, we can even see if it will fit up my ass, though I think it is bigger than I've ever taken there."

I grabbed a pressure hose from the garage wall to wash the urine puddle and bits of stray cum off the floor. Mrs. Big Tits however showed that she was not yet finished being perverse. "Spray me, baptize me. Wash my sluttiness clean. Make me a born again Mom." She was still kneeling on the floor, but threw her arms wide in a crucifixion pose. I turned the hose on her, the full force of water knocking her back onto her heels, her soaked hair flying wildly as she twisted in the spay. Her wet nipples stuck out even more than before. She opened her mouth, the hard stream making her gap. As she spewed water back out, her breathing became panting. She collapsed on the floor quivering. I didn't need to be told that she had just shivered through a strong orgasm. Waves still rippled through her body, centered on her clit. Her fingers grazed across her loins. She stared up at my reinvigorated cock.

"I'd love that up my ass, but there's no time. How about same time tomorrow?"

"Love to but my wife arrives at the airport then."

"How about tomorrow morning just after the kids leave to school? Hubby is working."

"Ok, but if you want that, you need to earn it. Tonight, about 11, after everyone is asleep, masturbate in the kitchen. I'll stand at the window again." She quickly agreed.

I drove to pick up the kids from school, thinking of how I would call my wife, put the phone on hands free, and treat her to a play by play of that adventure.

