The Story of Kryssie: The Date

26th May 2010, 07:55 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

As soon as she got in Kryssie ran to the full length mirror in her small bedroom~! She stared with awe at the dark blue wet patch at her crotch and running all the way down her one leg and halfway down the thigh of her other leg. She still could not believe she had wet herself, deliberately in front of Dr Read! She giggled a little as she remembered the scene. He had been so sorry, she thought. And ... Something else, she thought, a small frown on her face, as she tried to figure out the other expression on his face. She shook her head, it did not matter. She was so awestruck that she had had the guts to do it, and she was very turned on. She knew her bladder was still well over half way full, despite the delicious, hot, wet spurts she had let go the whole way home. Looking at her reflection she really wanted to let go and watch. She had never wet herself before - ever.

Well her pee fetish was fairly new, and she had not really explored it to its fullest, she guessed, but she had often thought, after holding, how nice it would be to just let go. Not to rush off to the shower or toilet, but to just let go. She had till today never done it though. She had loved it~! Wow the warmth as the pee soaked the material, was awesome. She went to the bathroom, thinking that as her jeans were already wet she should just stand in the shower and let go. But when she got there she changed her mind and grabbed her biggest beach towel, which was the size of a small blanket, with big bright flowers on it. She went back to her room, folded it three times, and then stood on it facing the mirror.

Her heart was beating fast and she could barely breathe. She pulled off her tee-shirt and undid her flimsy bra. Standing in front of her own reflection she could see how bright her eyes were, how flushed her cheeks, and also how erect her nipples were. Softly cupping her breasts, feeling their heaviness in her hands, she allowed her thumbs to roll over her nipples, delighting in the electric sensations this sent through her. Taking a deep breath she slowly relaxed and allowed her bladder to release. Normally she peed with force, a strong stream, but this time she forced herself to slow down and allow the pee to trickle out slowly.

As the pee trickled out, warm and wet, dribbling over her clit and through her soaked thong, puddling a little before soaking through the material, the sensation of the warm wetness made Kryssie gasp and her hands began to massage her firm heavy breasts. She closed her eyes for a moment, savouring the sensation, before opening her eyes and watching her reflection, seeing the sheen of the material as the pee soaked through it, she watched, breathing ragged as the pee trickled down her legs, and felt as it puddled and ran under her bare feet. She looked down at her red toenails, seeing the wetness of the puddle on the flowered towel.

She could not help it, one hand moved down and pressed her soggy jeans against her crotch, revelling in the warmth and wetness, the feel of the wet material against her pussy lips and clit~! Another trickle escaped and she groaned, lifting her wet palm to her face and licking it. All too soon it was over, and try as she might she could not squeeze out another drop. Sighing that it was over, she stood a while, turning, surveying the wetness from every angle. Then, horny as hell, she stripped off the wet jeans and soggy panties and dumped them in her bathtub. Returning, naked, she went to her bedside drawer and brought out her favourite pink vibe.

Kryssie dropped to the floor, her butt in the soggy damp towel, and lay back. She closed her eyes and slowly rubbed the rounded tip of the vibe against her wet pubes and dripping pussy lips. Then she slowly kept rubbing as the warmed rubber tip slid by itself between her lips, gliding against her slick clit, and making her groan slowly and languorously in pleasure. She slowly pressed the vibe against her clit and turned it on to its lowest setting so that it buzzed softly as she slid it along her clit.

She played like this a while before letting the vibe slide slowly inside her hot wet pee soaked core, loving the sucking sounds as it slid inside her. She turned it to full and fervently worked it in and out, feeling her orgasm build, letting it reach an unbearable level before giving in, feeling her legs straighten, her toes curl, hearing her own loud sigh as she came hard. As the delicious delightful contractions subsided she lay for a while, breathing laboured, until her heart slowed down and her breathing returned to normal.

Whew, she though shakily. That was intense. She picked up the towel, gathered her soggy clothes and put them in the washer while she made herself a huge mug of coffee and a pitcher of fresh iced tea. Picking up the mug she moved back to the bathroom. Preparing for her date tonight, she shaved her underarms and waxed her legs, poured conditioning oil on her wild curls and wrapped them in a small towel. Then she positioned the small wall mirror so she could see her pussy properly, and using a new blade and mild body gel for lather, she began shaving off her soft curly pubes.

She was sort of sad doing this as she liked her curly pubes, but she had decided to surprise Chris. After all the curls were gone, she put in another blade and softly gently shaved again, ensuring a completely smooth finish. She giggled. It did actually feel good~! Finished she ran the shower water, getting the temperature right. She had finished the coffee and now deliberately gulped a large glass of iced tea. After all, part of the plan was a full bladder.

Trying not to spend too much time enjoying the feel of the hot steamy water and sudsy lather on her skin, she showered and washed her hair, singing at the top of her voice. She was excited about the evening and seeing Chris, and still buzzed from her morning adventure and her amazing self inflicted orgasm. Stepping out of the shower and squashing her urge to pee brought on by the warm water, she slowly dried her body and then took the damp towel and put it in her drier along with the freshly laundered jeans and thong. Back in the bedroom she massaged cocoa butter cream into every part of her body, spending a lot of time massaging and rubbing cream into her ample breasts, loving the way her skin shone afterwards.

She then spent almost as much time massaging tissue oil onto her freshly shaved pussy, enjoying the smooth feel of her skin, and resisting the urge to slide her oiled finger between those newly smooth lips. Finished at last she spent time on her hair, pulling the curls up while allowing some to tumble free. Gloss and mascara and a dab of eye shadow finished her face, and then she carefully pulled up sheer black stockings, with cute elasticised garters that came mid thigh, and stepped into a leopard print silky dress with a halter strap and fitted bodice which cupped her breasts before falling in soft pleats against her body. The final step was a gold bangle and a pair of high strappy black heels. Kryssie looked at her reflection and smiled. She chugged another huge glass of iced tea and re-applied gloss just as the doorbell rang.

Chris could not believe how gorgeous Kryssie looked when she flung open the door, greeting him with a huge smile~! God the dress was amazing, and he could see how it clung to the curve of her waist and flared over her rounded hips, ending a little above the knee, and his eyes followed her firm strong shapely legs to the delicate ankles encased in black strappy heels that allowed her red tipped toenails to peep out. Her neck curved deliciously, caressed by her own wild curls that had escaped being pinned up. And he loved that she wore so little make up and still managed to look so good!

He fumbled as he handed her the flowers he had bought, but was rewarded by the delight in her eyes and the kiss to his cheek. He waited while Kryssie looked for a vase and was further rewarded when she bent slightly to find one below the sink and revealed the top of a stocking on her thigh~! He felt a stirring in his groin and wished he could bend her right over the sink right now and just take her hard from behind. The thought aggravated the growing tension in his crotch so he tried to think of something else, looking around the room he saw her jeans neatly folded on the drier top and immediately sensed these were the jeans she had wet earlier.

Damn that was not helping! The thought of Kryssie desperate, wetting those tight jeans... he could just imagine it, almost visualise the wetness of the denim that clung so tightly to her crotch and thighs... damn he was going to jizz in his pants, like that inane song going round campus a few years ago, if he was not careful~! Luckily Kryssie was finished and caught hold of his hand and led him out of the flat.

Kryssie was thrilled that Chris had bought her flowers. How sweet was that~! Especially as more by accident than design they had after all already slept together on their first date. Well actually at their first official meeting, lol~! Damn he was hot, she thought as she took in his athletic slightly muscled frame in a nice tight white button shirt and dark silk trousers. His blonde hair combed with a side path, a tanned face with a broad smile and white even teeth. Her breath caught in her throat as she looked at him. All she wanted to do was jump him right there, she thought and felt her cheeks redden. Luckily he seemed not to notice as they walked hand in hand to a really upmarket restaurant a couple of blocks away. They had both agreed to ensure they had nicely filling bladders for the evening, and she could feel hers filling nicely indeed. ~~!

Then restaurant was lovely, and Kryssie was completely unaware of the looks she got from other men as they walked to their table which, at Chris's request was in a dark secluded corner. As he put out his hand to guide his date around the table, his hand on her back, he realised that there was no bra strap and that she was bra-less. Damn~! The thought of those large, firm breasts, unfettered underneath the sheer material, made him hard again, and he quickly scooted into his own booth opposite Kryssie. They ordered a bottle of wine and large pitcher of iced water, catching each other's eyes as they did so.

Chris took Kryssie's hand in his the moment the waiter left and they began chatting. They had so much to say, and as soon as the water came they both took a large glass, and meeting each other's eyes, gulped it down. The wine came and this they sipped, while eating breadsticks and waiting for their food. They had ordered a platter and when it came they delighted in feeding each other bites and treats. Chris realised that he had seldom dated anyone quite like Kryssie. She was uncomplicated, fun, witty, intelligent and gorgeous. He wondered if he was falling in love- on a second date?

Kryssie could not have had a better evening. The food was divine and they laughed and giggled and chatted happily in the darkness of their little corner. The water was making her bladder delightfully full and between that and the wine she was becoming delightfully horny. By the time dessert came she could feel she was already a little wet. They had decided on a chocolate fondue, with fruits and marshmallows. The choc sauce was rich and delicious, served with pineapple chunks and fresh red ripe strawberries. Kryssie fed Chris and he fed her and they giggled like little kids. As Chris held a large ripe strawberry dripping with chocolate to her lips, a large drop fell and landed on her cleavage, and the sauce dripped onto his finger. She bit the strawberry, juice dripping from her lips, her eyes not leaving his.

As she finished the strawberry he started to move his hand away she grabbed it with her hands and slowly softly lowered her lips over his chocolate-y finger and sucked the chocolate off, slowly. She felt his hand tremble and felt her own spasm of desire run through her as she sucked his finger clean. Then she slid his finger completely into her mouth, before slowly sliding it out. As she released his hand she used the tip of her own finger to scoop up the drop of chocolate from her creamy cleavage and then she offered her own finger to Chris.

As he sucked her finger into his warm wet mouth, she sighed. As he slowly released her hand she chose a large ripe strawberry and took it, her eyes on his, dipping her hand below the table she rubbed the strawberry, under her skirt, against her extremely wet pussy, just allowing it to slide a little between her wet pussy lips, bringing it back up glistening in the candlelight. She reached over and Chris first sniffed the ripe strawberry, smelling the fruit and the slight musky scent of his date, before taking a big bite. Then he took the strawberry from her and offered her the unbitten side, also gleaming with her own desire. She did not hesitate to take a huge bite.

Chris could feel the copious amounts of water and wine he had consumed pressing on his bladder. And he was already considerably horny, so dessert just made things worse, feeding Kryssie strawberries and choc sauce, watching the juice drip down her chin, seeing her luscious lips close over the strawberries... sigh~! But when she sucked his finger! Oh my, he felt his cock stiffen in his pants. He had shifted slightly to relieve the pressure on his crotch. He was enraptured when she let him suck her finger in return, but when he watched her hand disappear beneath the table, and reappear with the glistening strawberry, he felt his cock pulse hard.

Damn he could not believe she had done that, and the realisation that this meant that she most likely had no panties on just made his cock move again. Damn no underwear at ALL~! Hot holy hell~! All he could think of was how deliciously musky her scent was, and how much he wanted to slide inside her. Instead he followed her lead, lost completely now to her magic, and chugged another glass of water. Slightly bemused, he called the waiter over and asked for the bill. Kryssie used his distraction to quickly reapply lip gloss and he half watched the gloss glide onto her lips as he fiddled in his pocket for his wallet. He was touched and humbled when Kryssie immediately dug in her handbag to contribute to the cost of the meal. Her empathy for his poor finances as a student made his heart constrict, but he declined her offer.

They paid at the door and were barely out the door in the cool night air when he pulled Kryssie's luscious body against him, and kissed her. He felt her melt against him and he heard her murmur softly as they kissed, and this inflamed his passion further. A sneaky glide of his hand revealed to him that she was indeed not wearing panties, and he pulled her closer, pressing his bulging groin against her. She kissed back but then pulled away, still holding his hand. Reluctantly he followed her as she pulled him towards the park across the road.

Kryssie was breathless with excitement, she felt the pulse in her temple, and felt her heart beat in time to it. She was a little buzzed from the wine, and very very horny. And getting pretty desperate. She had been so touched when Chris would not let her contribute to the bill, and when he kissed her she felt like her whole body melted against him, and she could not control the hungry murmuring sound that escaped her. She felt his hand glide down her back and cup her round firm tight buttocks, felt as it pushed her against the hard lump at his groin, and she felt as wetness flooded her most intimate folds. She reluctantly broke away and dragged him towards the park, where she had planned her next move.

In the park she was delighted when Chris pulled her close and they walked arm in arm for a while, it was a gorgeous warm night and the sky was sprinkled with stars. The stone pathways were lit with soft solar lights, and there were a few other couples and one or two families dotted around walking on the lit paths. Kryssie appeared interested only in what Chris was saying but in fact her eyes were darting back and forth.

At last she saw a dark spot surrounded by bushes a respectable distance from the lit path and she grabbed Chris by the hand and moved him over to the darkness. She pushed through the bushes with Chris eagerly in tow, and the moment they were in the secluded spot she had found, she turned and he pulled her to him.

His lips found hers and hers parted slightly, their tongues meeting hotly as he grabbed her butt and pulled her against his hardness. The world seemed to stop for a while, but when Chris seemed determined to move his hand up beneath her dress she pulled away and still holding his hand pulled him to the slightly damp dewy grass.

He followed her, and she pushed him down so he was lying flat, "how full is that bladder?" she teased and he groaned when she pushed on his lower abdomen.

"Full Kryssie, so so full..." his answer came back, his voice strained. "And yours?" he asked, his hand finding the hardness of her bladder in her lower abdomen through her silk sheer dress. "Oh my g..." he groaned feeling her fullness, but unable to finish because Kryssie was now half lying on him and her lips had found his again. He felt her soft heavy breasts against his chest and he felt her fingers nimbly unbuckling and then unzipping his pants. Her fingers grazed his flesh and he jerked, then they found his hardness and he thought he would stop breathing forever~! Her fingers reached in and he bounced free, hard as a rock. Her hands gently ran along his hardness and he groaned. She broke the kiss and looked at him.

"Well you can't pee when you are that hard, now can you?" she teased in a sing song voice and he watched in a daze as she moved down until she was lying on the grass between his open legs. He lifted his head and watched as her tongue came out and delicately traced along the skin of his erection. Precum erupted from the tip and Kryssie bent further, her lips just touching the tip as she sucked the precum from him. His cock moved as if it had a life of its own, and suddenly Kryssie opened her mouth and took him deep, so deep. Oh my holy friggen hell~! It was so hot and wet, he concentrated hard so as not to cum too soon, and Kryssie waited a while then suddenly began to bob and weave and he lay his head back down and gave in to the sensations flooding through him.

Kryssie was delighted at how well things were going. So far so good. She licked her lips as she looked at Chris's gorgeous hard shaft and glistening tip in front of her. Damn it was good enough to eat, she giggled quietly, and then ran her tongue along the soft skin. She watched the drop of clear liquid bubble from the eye and softly sucked it clean. Mmmmm, wow that tasted good. She had intended to tease more but she could not wait and she bobbed her head and let Chris's cock slide deep down her throat. For a brief moment she panicked as she felt she could not breathe, but then she relaxed and felt the air fill her lungs.

Chris lay back and she started to find a rhythm that he responded to. She was completely lost in the delight of him inside her mouth, sliding so deep she could hardly breathe, when she felt his hands come down, tangling a little in her curls, and he started to press her head down, she relaxed and let him take over the rhythm, which sped up until she felt his cock buck in her mouth and he released her head squeaking "I'm gonna cum..." urgently and trying to withdraw. Kryssie just pushed her head down further and kept bobbing until her mouth filled with his salty cum, and she swallowed, and kept bobbing while he spurted again, and again, and then stopped, groaning uncontrollably. When he finally lay still, his chest heaving, she let his slightly softening cock slip from her wet lips.

Chris lay there breathing hard, a warm fuzzy buzz coming over him. Never, ever, had a girl swallowed his cum, let alone kept sucking and bobbing until he had finished pumping. Oh my God, he though as a warm floaty feeling came over him. Kryssie stopped her movements and slowly moved up so her head was on his shoulder. He had a great desire to kiss her, wondered if she would mind, decided to risk it, and was pleased when she kissed him back. He lay there and caught his breath before looking at her. "Kryssie, you, well, you were amazing..." he said softly, and she grinned. They lay there a while, and it did not take long for Chris to realise he really really needed to pee. He looked at Kryssie and grinned. "Well I am not that hard now," he said "and I really really need to pee. Any ideas?"

Kryssie grinned back. She had so enjoyed everything so far, but when Chris told her he needed to pee, pure desire flooded her body and her own bladder twinged. Oh yes, she had some ideas, but she was wondering what Chris would think? Nervously she cleared her throat, the sat up, looking down at him. Slowly she reached up and undid the halter of her dress, letting it fall down, to her waist, her breasts bouncing free, firm, supple, her skin smooth and soft and white, and her rosy nipples firm and erect. Her eyes were round and large when she met Chris's gaze."Um... " She began, then cleared her throat. "I want you to wash my breasts with your warm piss... please Chris?" she finished her voice cracking.

Chris half sat up. His heart beating fast again. "You want what?" he squeaked out. Kryssie repeated her request, her voice firmer now. He shook his head. He had fantasised about her breasts, and how good it would be to piss all over them. Was she for real? He looked in her eyes and realised he was. "But, but I will wet your dress too, and maybe your hair.,.." he stammered, his softening cock starting to harden a bit again.

"Kryssie looked at him. "That's fine." She said firmly. "I chose this dress cos it washes and dries easily and doesn't show when its wet. And my hair is washable too... " She giggled. Then she looked at his cock. "But you better pee quick cos Chris junior is getting all hard again, " she admonished..."And after all I did to get you soft enough to pee..."

Chris blushed and was glad it was dark. He clambered to his feet, and looked around. He couldn't see anyone and it was so dark here... he looked down at Kryssie who was now sitting back on her heels, below him, her gorgeous face looking expectantly up at him. Oh she was beautiful. He so wanted to wet her but was so worried - would he be able to? He took hold of his shaft with one hand, holding it with his thumb underneath the shaft so he could control the flow a little. He concentrated hard, and was almost startled when his stream started.

He had aimed well and it landed on Kryssie's chest. He stopped his flow, and watched in amazement as his piss ran down her chest, over the curve of her breasts and dripped off. Kryssie squealed and brought her hands up to rub his pee into her skin. He let go again and got a steady flow. He had control now, and he was able to move his stream so it soaked her chest and flowed down over both breasts. Kryssie looked down and he accidentally caught her face in his stream, she spluttered and giggled and he could not resist squirting her again as she looked up at him. She giggled again and his pee went into her mouth. He watched as some of it ran out, and saw as she automatically swallowed, before he deflected his stream down again.

Kryssie giggled as Chris's warm pee flowed over her breasts, and giggled again as she looked up at him. She was startled when his pee went in her face and her mouth, and more so when she automatically swallowed. She looked up at Chris, having no idea how erotic she looked with drips running down her face, her lips wet, pee running over her gorgeous breasts, and looking Chris in the eye she breathed "Ohhhh Chris you have no idea how good this feels," her hands once again running over her own wet breasts under his warm stream. "And it tastes good too.." she giggled. "Can you stop a second?" she asked. And Chris groaned, and she saw his thumb move, and he stopped. Kryssie sat again, this time bum flat on the ground, and she lifted her skirt revealing her smooth soft puffy pussy lips. She opened her stocking-clad legs wide, her hands opening the lips of her womanhood. "Can you aim it here?" she asked so softly Chris barely heard her.

Chris groaned when Kryssie asked him to stop, he knew his bladder was just less than half full, but stopping took every ounce of control he had. But when she leaned back, and opened her legs, and he looked down he nearly fainted. Her normal curly pubes were gone, and he could see her pussy so clearly, the shape of the rounded lips, the softness of the skin, the length of her legs in the sheer black stockings. Oh my word~! His cock bucked and hardened a little more as she opened her pussy lips and revealed a soft pink, glistening core. He swallowed hard, concentrated on not getting too hard, aimed again, and let go, watching as his pee hit her pink centre, and she squealed and groaned in delight. Watching the drips slide off her smooth mound, he lost the battle and his penis hardened completely, making it impossible for him to completely empty his bladder.

He pulled down his pants and boxers and unbuttoned his shirt beyond caring if anyone could see. He leaned over, and gently helped Kryssie step out of her dress then lay her down again. He followed her example and lay between her silky stocking covered legs, and trepiditiously licked a golden drop of his own pee off her skin. Kryssie was right, it tasted ok, he concluded, as he opened her lips and let his tongue slide inside. He found her hardened clit and sucked softly, slid his tongue deep inside her, used his fingers and tongue on her delicious musky sweet pussy until she moaned out loud.

He felt her body shudder, saw her pussy clench open and closed, and felt a gush of liquid. Without thinking he leaned forward and tasted her pee mingled with her cum. Also good, he decided and tasted some more. As Kryssie finished her first orgasm, he lay back and pulled her on top of him. He positioned himself just inside her wet core and she slid down onto him, both of them gasping as he slid in deep and hard. His hands found her hips and helped her find the rhythm he wanted.

Kryssie sighed as Chris thrust up into her so deep it almost hurt, and she slid back down grinding hard against him, rotating her hips as she did so. She leaned back, her head falling backwards, and moaned at the way he filled her so completely, at the pleasure he gave her. She leaned forward again and met his eyes, saw his own were unfocussed, his tongue sticking out a little as he concentrated, and she threw her head back again and closed her eyes as she rode him hard and deep, unaware of her curls falling from the clip and framing her flushed face. She heard Chris grunt and met his eyes as he came. She rode him till he stopped pumping, and then she sat still a moment.

After a moment Chris opened his eyes and met hers and smiled, using his hands to help lift her slightly so just the tip of his softening cock stayed inside, and he let go a full hard strong stream of pee, filling her with warm liquid, bathing her clit, running out over his balls and down over his butt, bringing about her second orgasm as her toes curled and her pussy clenched on his semi hard shaft. When she finished she collapsed against him, her head on his shoulder. He softened and slid from her. And he looked her in the eye and softly, slowly, tenderly kissed her lips. "Kryssie," he breathed, "I could be falling for you..."

They lay there for what seemed forever, looking at stars, at each other, touching softly and gently, basking in the afterglow of their passion. Suddenly they heard a weird sound and water spurted on them, making them jump up squealing. The sprinklers had come on, and they giggled, and dressed, getting wet and soggy before walking home arm in arm, dripping wet, already planning their next date.

