My Dream Lover!

15th October 2010, 07:43 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So i have been away and this project keeps being extended, which is GOOD news, BUT i MISS you all~! :-) So now i have some internet connection by some miracle, let me share with you again~!

It's hot, and I stir in the night, murmuring slightly as I kick off the sheet and coverlet, my legs tangling in them. I kick harder and turn on my side, one hand absently pulling my thick, long, curly red hair out of the way. I am naked, it was way too hot to wear anything to bed, and I like the feel of my skin against cotton sheets. But tonight it's so hot the cotton feels like it is sticking to me.~!

I turn again, to lie on my back, irritated now, and my eyes slowly open. I find myself looking up at the darkness of the thatch and the dark wooden beams that hold the thatch above my head. As my eyes adjust to the darkness I can make out the walls of the room. I am upstairs with nobody able to see in, so I have left my curtains wide open, and I smile as the stars *****le back at me. I groan a little as my bladder, now awake, and pretty full, twitches to tell me I need to empty it. I run my hands over my belly, liking the hard feeling of my full bladder. My fingertips touch my soft pubes as I do so and a spasm of desire runs through me, hot, electric, and quite delightful. I giggle in the dark and allow my fingers to move up to cup my breasts and make my nipples harden. I idly play a while, debating if I really want to get up and go pee.

I decide my bladder can hold and turn on my side again, my pussy tingling slightly and my bladder protesting. I am tired enough to push the need to pee back into the soft cocoon of my mind as I drift back off to sleep. And as I lay there slumbering, my naked body on its side, my long curly hair spread over my pillow, you come to me.

I groan softly as your practised hands slide along my hot skin, your fingertips cooler than my skin, and barely touching my skin, making small goose-bumps erupt as your fingers slide by. I murmur again, and your one hand slides over the curve of my breast. I move again, sensuously, under your hand, and you move my arm slightly, so you can lower your head to my breast and tease my nipple to full erectness under the tip of your tongue. I writhe and turn a little half on my back half on my side. You suckle my breast and I sleepily groan and you hear my breathing get faster.

Your one hand cups the firmness of my buttock, kneading the firm round flesh, as you suckle at my breast. Your other hands moves down and finds my rounded pubis and soft red nether tresses. Your finger slides slowly between my generous labia, and, finding me wet from playing earlier, slides deep inside. I gasp, half asleep and half awake. You shush me like a baby and I stay in the dreamy limbo between awake and asleep. You roll me over onto my back, and open my legs. You slide down, and your tongues slides along my clit, teasing and caressing it gently. I writhe my hips in circles against you and toss my head from side to side.

With one hand kneading a firm supple breast, the other sliding in and out of me, and your tongue and soft lips working on me, I writhe again, m y hands moving up unbidden to pull your head down closer to me, lost in lust, and loving the intense feelings inside me. As your tongue and fingers fuck me, I feel the floaty feeling growing inside me, a rising tide of intense feelings, a wave of lust and passion and love. I turn my head from side to side, letting the flow of emotions guide me slowly over the edge. I orgasm hard, shudderingly, breath rasping, eyes still closed, my pussy clenching hard on your hand, wet pussy juices flowing down your fingers to your wrist, eagerly pursued by your tongue.

As the shaking subsides you extricate your hand and slide up, and without warning, you thrust your hard engorged cock deep inside my hot wet, still clenching pussy. You thrust hard and deep and I gasp again and slide my hips up to meet every thrust. I gasp as the pleasure of you filling me sucks the air from my lungs, and I whisper how much I love fucking you, how I want you to fuck me forever, and never, ever stop. You slide down on top of me, pressing in a pleasingly painful way on my overfull bladder, your breath warm against the nape of my neck, and our bodies make a soft sucking sound as you slide in and out.

Our bodies are slippery with sweat, and my pussy is so wet from my orgasm that it makes a squelchy sound as you fuck me deep and hard, thrusting in deeper and deeper each time you slide in. Your teeth bite against the soft flesh of my throat and I arch my back the better to submit my neck to you. I feel your breath catch, the throb of your hard cock, and then the delightful warm wetness of your cum inside me.

You collapse against me, still inside, held in by my tightened muscles. Your head is on my breast, and I feel your heartbeat against my own chest. As our breathing slows, I feel you soften slightly, and as you do, I feel the amazing sensation of your warm hot piss streaming inside me, driving me wild all over again~!!

As your stream wanes I relax and finally allow my bladder to release its store, and my pee, hot, wet, golden, cascades from me, streaming hard against your cock inside me, gushing out past your softening cock, along your balls, puddling between us before streaming down under me, pooling underneath my butt. You sigh, and your cock twitches in pleasure as my warm wetness flows, and I smile.

I reach out to stroke your head, my lips curved in a satisfied smile, eyes finally slowly opening....

And I find you gone, replaced by the dark aloneness of my room, a vision dissolving in the reality of the night. Now I am wide awake, and I realise I have been dreaming a most erotic dream of a long-desired for encounter. A feeling of sadness and pure loneliness overtakes me.

I move slightly and realise that although YOU were but a dream, a fantasy figure from my mind, my delightful bladder release was not. I groan slightly, realising I have wet the bed. Then I laugh, and shake my head~! Ah well, it can all be washed and my mattress is protected, so what the heck~! And I was going to shower the next morning anyway~!

I wiggle slightly, liking the warm wetness beneath me, and as I do I realise my bladder is far from empty~! I slide my hand down and slide my fingers inside, slowly finding a rhythmic sweet pleasure, small trickles of pee escaping every time my fingers move out, and I allow myself to orgasm wetly, the rest of my full bladder squirting out with some force, over my own hand and joining the wet puddle beneath me. Finally finished, exhausted, I roll over to the dry side of my bed, and close my eyes, eager to meet you in my dreams once again~!

