Fiction and fantasy for anna

18th January 2010, 10:57 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

Dear Anna!

Thank you for your comments on Joint effort, You say that you have no one interested in the peeing scene near you so here is my all time fantasy for you.

My fantasy is to have a wet night where we meet in a little local bar, you know the type. Quiet with individual booths where you can sit and chat together without being seen or overheard unless you want to be

There we sit and chat and get to know each other and tell each other all our secret turn ons. Until at a set time, a time we decide on at the begining of the evening. A cut off time, before which we use the toilets for peeing in but after which the only time and place you can use the loo is never. You have to pee when or wherever or whatever you are doing you do it there and then not in a loo or out of sight of each other. . This is how I imagine the evening going.

Its a warm barmy late spring early summer evening the trees are at there greenest, the birds are singing softly in the hedgerows, and a gentle buzz of insects is in the backgound.

I park my waggon up in a layby just outside the village and walk down the road to the local pub. Its a little olde worlde type of pub low ceilings with wooden beams with a long bar along one wall. Along one of the other walls is a row of booths which when you sit down in all you can see is the bar and the tops of yours or anybody elses heads. Some of the booths are taken and there is a soft buzz of conversation in the background.

I walk up to the bar and order a pint of cider shandy I want to be full tonight not drunk. Looking around I see you've not arrived yet so I take my drink and pick a booth where I can watch the bar and the door in the reflection from the mirror tiles behind the bar. Although we've talked many a time on the phone and by email this is the first time we've ever met. My mind is whirling with the normal doubts. Are you going to turn up? Is that really your photo you sent me on the email? How could somebody as nice looking as you ever want to turn up and be with me? It is so tempting to have a couple of shots for dutch courage but like I've already said I want to be full not drunk tonight.

Then looking up I see you walk in a vision of lovelyness you look about the bar and I see a troubled look come across your face, you look down at your watch and look about again. I stand up and call your name. Your face brightens as a wonderful smile comes not only to your mouth but also your eyes, You come across to me, all heads turn and watch you as you walk over. I take you in my arms and kiss you gently on each cheek and finaly on your lips a little electric shock shoots down my spine as our lips touch causing me to shiver in delight.

"What are you drinking?" You ask. "Cider shandy" I reply.

" Oh thats good I thought for a minuet looking at the colour of it you had already started your wet night without me"

I looked down at my half full glass and realised that it did look like weak pee this made me laugh and broke the ice nicely

"What would you like to drink?" I asked "Same as you please" You said. I finished my pint and went up to the bar and ordered a couple more then came back and sat with you.

The time flew by as we sat and chatted it felt that we had known each other for ages and told each other all about our likes and dislikes. I went up to the bar and ordered another round of drinks. While I stood at the bar I felt a hand on my shoulder turning round you were standing behind me. "Its time" you said "Last visit to the loo for us so if you want to go, go now" With that you walked over to the loo and disappeared inside. I paid for our drinks and walked back to the table.

My heart was pounding. The thought of what was about to happen made my dick stiffen slightly in my trousers. Looking up I watch as you walk back across the room towards me. Sliding in to the booth beside me you pass me something I look down at what you placed in my hand and see your knikers they're soaking wet dripping onto my lap.

"I didn't take them off when I peed that time until after I finished"you say with a smile . My dick if not hard before that stiffened right up at the thought of you sitting on the loo pissing yourself for me. I take your hand and put it on my lap "See what you've done" I say. You rub my dick through my trousers and maon slightly to yourself "Thats nothing feel this" You say and taking my hand pull it down to your lap and pulling your skirt up a bit you say "Feel this"

I run my fingers over your pussy lips and can feel how wet you are a mixture of piss and cum juice. "It felt so good pissing myself I nearly came when the hot pee spread up my pussy lips and across my clit before it broke free from my panties and poured into the pan."

After another couple of drinks we're both starting to feel desperate for a pee at least i know I am and by the way you're rocking in your seat i gather you are too. I unzip my self under the table and taking one of the empty pint mugs hold it between my legs you see what i'm doing and ask "Can I do that for you." Reaching under the table you take hold of my dick and push it down so its pointing into the glass. Even though i'm stiff my need for a pee is so much that I have no trouble in starting to pee. The glass very nearly filled to the brim before my pee slowed to a dribble at which point you rubbed your thumb over the end of my dick causing the pee to spray back onto my trousers wetting me slightly.

Then bringing the glass back upto the table you get another glass, give it to me and say "My turn" I take the glass and hold it between your legs. Looking me straight into my eyes you start to pee a gentle hiss can be heard as i feel the glass get heavier and warmer as you very nearly fill it. "Finished" you say. I pick the glass up and put it on the table beside the other one just then the barman came across to clear the tables so we both pick up the glasses and drink from them the thought of us drinking each others pee in full view of somebody else without them realising making it even more sexy.

Your pee tastes so good I can't put the glass down until i've finished every last drop and you do the same at which point we decide to go for a nice slow romantic walk down by the river that flows behind the pub asking the barman for directions to the river we leave and arm in arm walk through the back garden of the pub down a wee path to the river bank stopping there to hold each other and kiss I can taste my pee on your lips as you can probably taste your own, Walking farther down the path we see a bench and sitting there in the twilight we kiss and caress each other you rubbing your hands over my chest under my t shirt and me stroking gently up and down the insides of your thighs from your knee to very nearly touching your hot pussy so close i can feel the heat coming from it.

Then you climb across my lap so that you are sitting facing me with your legs either side of me grinding yourself against my hard dick which you can feel pressing against your pussy through my jeans. Wrapping your arms around my neck you pull my lips to yours and open mouthed our tonges dance together sometimes hardly touching other times exploring deep in each others mouths we're getting more and more turned on with every passing second then you start to pee. At first i don't notice but then it soaks through and I can feel it running down each side of my ball and pooling under me before we hear it drip to the ground kissing harder and harder you start to come just by the friction of my wet trousers against your pussy.

By this time my dick is throbbing in my pants and my own need for a pee is growing every second. I stand up and lift you up with me turning round i sit you back on the bench so you reach and unzip me and taking my hard dick in your hands lean forward and kiss the end of it gently then run your tounge all round the rim before sucking me into your mouth you can taste your own pee on me the taste making you want even more so you take me from your mouth and looking up at me say "Pee for me."

Taking me back into your mouth you hold it against your tounge and wait till I start to pee it starts with just a dribble but soon gains strength untill my hot pee is overflowing from your mouth and down your chin you feel it run down your neck and pool in your cleavage then spreads across your breasts your nipples stiffen as you feel the heat reach them pulling back you aim my dick at your tits then down across your tummy soaking yourself with my hot pee then leaning back you open your legs and aim it straight at you open pussy.

I look down and watch as with one hand you aim my pee at your pussy and with the other you spread your lips so your clit pops into view twitching as the stream of pee hits it sending nervous shock after nervous shock up and down your spine causing you to come again.

To be continued

