Post #40,000: Jaylee's New Job

25th April 2016, 02:59 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Jaylee's New Job,

Part 1

Jaylee James placed the DVD into her Blu-Ray player, went back to her couch, and pressed "play". She found the way it felt as she sat on the couch to be strange, having placed a plastic drop cloth over it, and a number of towels over the drop cloth. Still, she was about to try something completely new, and definitely didn't want to make a mess.

She looked up at the TV as the logo of her new employer, Wet Pants Productions, appeared on the screen. Well, part time employer, any way. She watched as the title of the DVD, Pisscapades Volume 4 popped up, and thought about how she had been working on the set of what would become Pisscapades Volume 23. It was amazing how many of these movies they had filmed, and Pisscapades wasn't their only title.

She looked on as she saw the opening credits begin to roll. "Starring ... Zuzu" scrolled across the scene, and she watched as her friend, Tina Thomas, stage name Zuzu, appeared on the screen, with a few short teasers of scenes that she would appear in on the disk. As she always did when she saw Tina, she marveled at the stunning beauty of her blonde friend. The next name to appear on the screen was "Violet", the stage name of Tina's equally stunning wife, Tamyra, an ebony goddess who, along with their husband Tom, co-owned Wet Pants Productions. Well, legally Tina and Tom were the only ones married, but that's not how the trio saw it, and in the brief time that Jaylee had known them, that's how she had come to see them as well.

She was amazed at how beautiful Tamyra looked as she pissed during the little teaser clips they showed of her. Her, Tina, and Tom certainly made quite an attractive trio.

She then watched as the other actresses were introduced. She recognized only one them, Tia, a cute Asian that went by the name "Asia" on screen, and who had worked on the same set as Jaylee. None of the other girls on this disc had worked on that production. Jaylee observed that Wet Pants had really upped their game since this video was created, as the rest of the girls in this movie weren't nearly as attractive as the ones she had seen on set.

Finally the credits finished and the movie started. The first scene had Tia in what she had been told was called a "sneaky pee" scene. This was a scene where the actress would piss in public, typically hidden behind some object so that she wasn't visible to passers by. Still, there was always a chance that they could get caught, and Jaylee was astonished at the courage Tia had as she ducked behind a tree in a park and started to pull down her shorts.

Jaylee slipped her hand past the waistband of the pink sweats that she was wearing and inside her thong. She imagined that it was her, instead of Tia, at that park, hiding behind a tree to have a piss. She knew that if she wanted it, it could be her on the screen in the future. Tina, Tamyra, and Tom had all let her know that the she would look stunning on the screen if she should ever decide to work in front of the camera instead of behind it. And while Jaylee never really saw it herself, everyone else appreciated her beauty. The 5'6" brunette had an incredible body, with toned abs, a tight, round ass, and a pair of big, beautiful tits. Her warm and inviting smile lit up her lovely face, and you could get lost in her sparkling green eyes. She would have been a huge star if she was to ever decide to become a porn star - but that was not going to happen.

Still, she could do what countless others did while they watched porn, and fantasize about taking the place of the star on the screen, which is what Jaylee was doing at the moment. As her fingers massaged her clit, she realized that what the girls on set had told her was correct - masturbating was more intense with a full bladder. She watched as Tia squatted behind the tree, leaned back, spread her pussy lips, and released a high arcing fountain of piss.

Jaylee was still surprised at how much watching Tia piss turned her on. A week ago she would have never believed that watching such an act would make her so horny. But she was incredibly excited as she watching Tia pissing while she fingered her pussy. She wondered if it would be exciting, or just plain scary, to piss in a park like that. She decided that she might someday have to find out for herself. For now, though, she was content to live the experience vicariously through Tia.

On screen, Tia finished her pee, stood up, and pulled up her shorts, and just in time, too. A jogger came running past just as she started to walk away. Jaylee wondered whether or not the jogger had seen the end of Tia's piss, which made it all the more exciting.

She fast forwarded past the next couple of scenes, as they contained girls whom she didn't find to be the least bit attractive. She then stopped as she saw Tina and Tamyra on the screen.

The two women looked incredibly hot, each wearing a cheerleader outfit. It was never more apparent to her why so many guys had a cheerleader fetish. Watching these two beauties was giving her one as well. The scene started out with the pair doing some choreographed sexy cheers, and then the girls started challenging each other, each performing progressively wilder acts.

Tina had seemed to win when she pulled her cute little cheerleader shorts aside and fucked her pussy with the narrow end of a small megaphone. Tamyra had countered with doing a handstand and pissing her shorts. Jaylee had been mesmerized at the site as she saw the dark stain forming in the ebony beauty's shorts, and then watched the wetness flow towards the floor, streaks forming all over her cheerleader outfit. Tamyra was obviously turned on by having her body soaked by the upside down wetting

, and started to masturbate after she had finished and straightened herself out.

"Oh yeah, watch this!" Tina had replied. With her shorts still pulled aside, Tina laid on her back, pulled her own legs over her, and began to piss. The stream poured out, at first hitting her on the chest, then, with some adjustment, began to soak her hair. With one more adjustment Tina's self pee was aimed where she wanted it - into her mouth.

As she watched the screen and saw the steady stream fall into Tina's mouth, with the hot blonde gulping as much as she could, Jaylee's body began to tense, and she started a strong orgasm. Her loud cries, fortunately, went unheard, as she lived by herself in a small house, and her body shook violently as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. As she was coming off her orgasm she heard Tamyra concede the contest to Tina.

As she watched the end of the scene, Jaylee's thoughts turned to the day that she had met Tina. It was the first day of her calculus class at the local community college. Jaylee remembered being shock as she had walked into such a small classroom. She knew that the college typically taught first semester calculus in large classrooms - not the gigantic auditoriums in which she had taken algebra and pre-calculus, but still, large classrooms - yet this room wouldn't be able to fit more than 20 people. She kept a count as each person entered; when the bell rang there were 16 total students sitting at the desks, seven women and nine men. Many in the classroom had thought that they had made a mistake and gone to the wrong classroom, but everyone assured them that they were also signed up for Calculus 1410, and that this was the classroom number on their schedules.

The confusion was eliminated when Dr. Ward entered the room and addressed the class. He informed them that this semester he wanted to teach a session of calculus consisting of only the brightest and most talented students, one that was small and allowed for discussion and interaction, and which made group projects practical. While the rest of the Calculus 1401 students were indeed assigned to large classrooms, in this class they would cover the material in much more depth.

Jaylee would have never believed that she had made such a class. She was, by profession, a beautician. She had chosen this path about a year or two after high school, knowing that she needed to do something with her life. Most of her friends had gone straight from high school into college, but Jaylee had decided, at the time, that college was not for her.

It wasn't that she hated school. She didn't - well, at least not most of it. The one course that she did despise was mathematics. Working with fractions, solving for x, graphing equations - all of it scared her to death, and she simply couldn't wrap her head around it. She had taken high school algebra and geometry twice each, and had barely squeaked out a passing grade in each the second time around. Once she completed the minimum required number of math credits to graduate she had never touched the subject again.

Knowing that going to college meant more math courses, she instead jumped around a couple of fast food jobs, before deciding to become a beautician. Her training went well, and she really had a talent for the job. After a few years, however, she had decided that she wanted to do something more with her life. There was nothing wrong with her profession, but she decided that she wanted to make a difference in the lives of young teenagers. She decided that she wanted to become a teacher.

Choosing a primary discipline to study, surprisingly, became quite clear: she was going to teach high school mathematics. She wanted to inspire students to perform better than she did, to push their limits, to help them understand this subject that so befuddled her. The problem: before she could teach math, she had to understand it herself, which meant that she had to overcome her math phobia.

Her plan was to enroll in the local community college and get her basics out of the way before transferring to the local university. She was actually able to test out of an English course, but had to start with the basics everywhere else. For math, that meant that she started with algebra.

Her head was already spinning when she exited the auditorium on the first day. Her first order of business was to find a math tutor. Fortunately the first name she found was a guy named Mike McGee.

Mike was awkward around her, and more than a little geeky, but she also found him to be cute in a nerdy sort of way. Most importantly, Mike was a brilliant tutor. Instead of trying to get her to memorize the methods for solving various types of problems, he worked at getting her to understand the methods, so that she knew why they were used to solve the problems. She worked her ass off, spending many hours with Mike at first, and was ecstatic when she took home a 100 on her first test. She gave Mike a bonus after that grade - his first blowjob.

As the class wore on she continued to ace her tests, but needed his help less and less, as he had helped her to understand the subject. She still continued to see him, however, becoming the first girl he had ever fucked.

She didn't need him at all in pre-calculus, continuing to perform well without his help. Fortunately for Mike, his time with Jaylee had cured him of his awkwardness, and he now had a girlfriend, a fellow engineering major. Jaylee was happy that she helped Mike, just as he had been such a help to her.

Now she sat there in the calculus class, recognized as one of the top math students in the school. She couldn't have been prouder.

After informing them how that had all ended up in this particular classroom, Dr. Ward asked them to stand up and introduce themselves. Many of the students were either science or engineering majors, more than half were there right out of high school, Dr. Ward having scanned their high school transcripts and SAT scores to determine that they belonged in the class. When it was her turn to speak, Jaylee stood up and a briefly recounted her story, leaving out the part about fucking her tutor, of course. Dr. Ward was impressed that she had chosen to study math because of her previous issues with the subject, and praised her for overcoming her math phobia.

She noticed a number of stares as she stood up to talk. She was used to receiving these stares, even though she didn't think of herself as anything special. She saw the same type of stares directed at the last member of the class to introduce themself, a really hot blonde. Jaylee realized that her heart was probably pounding as hard as any of the guys as she looked at her.

"Hi, my name is Tina Thomas," the beauty started. "Like Jaylee over there, I started a career instead of going to college after high school," she said. "Now, however, I'm part owner of a business, and decided that I need a little more business acumen. So I'm working on a business degree."

"Did you realize that the business college has their own calculus class?" asked Dr. Ward.

"Yes, but I understand that it's not as rigorous as this one," replied Tina.

"You're quite right. It's impressive that you want to pursue the harder, more rigorous course," Dr. Ward said. "Out of curiousity, what profession did you pursue, and what type of business do you own?"

"I'm an adult movie star," Tina replied. "I also am part owner of an adult movie production company."

Jaylee looked on in both shock and awe. She was surprised that Tina was a porn star, and that she had informed the class of her profession. She was impressed by the way that she had said it. She wasn't sheepish about it, she hadn't said it defiantly, she spoke of it as if she had been a baker and owned a bakery.

The rest of the class had been similarly shocked, but didn't necessarily admire Tina the way Jaylee did. Many of the girls in the class, and a couple of the guys, looked at her in disgust. Many of the guys, including Dr. Ward, had tents forming in their pants at the thought of Tina performing in porn. She heard someone whisper "Holy shit that Zuzu!" The classroom was in chaos until Dr. Ward, who sat down to conceal his erection, restored them to order.

Jaylee was disgusted with how childish the class was. She felt that Tina's profession was her own business. She also had no problem with her chosen profession. Jaylee had engaged in several casual sexual encounters in the past, mostly with men but with a few women as well, and had often fantasized about becoming a porn star. She was afraid of how her family would react, however, and knew that she would never be able to handle the small minded criticism that had just swept through the classroom.

For her part, Tina took it all in stride, not worrying about the reaction from the class. Jaylee's admiration for her new classmate grew.

When Jaylee arrived home that night her curiosity got the better of her and she attempted to find clips of Tina in action on the internet. Searches for "Tina Thomas porn", however, didn't yield the desired results. She tried to remember the name that she had heard one of the guys call her. After trying a few different spellings, she finally hit the jackpot when she typed "Zuzu porn".

She followed a link to page on a tube site that had several clips of Tina. The first clip on the page appeared to have her fucking two guys. Jaylee found this interesting, but decided to move on. The second clip showed a thumbnail of Tina and a really hot hispanic girl. Since Jaylee was having lustful feelings about another girl, she decided that a lesbian clip would be appropriate. Had she looked further down the page she would have seen a link for "Zuzu and Violet Golden Shower". She didn't, however, look that far down the page.

As the clip loaded in her browser and started to play Jaylee felt a pang of guilt and shame. This is exactly what she figured most of the guys in the class were doing right about now, and she had loathed their childish attitudes about having a porn star in their class. She rationalized that Tina's boldness and casual attitude in announcing to the class that she was a porn star showed that she wasn't ashamed of her profession, and decided that it was okay to watch the clip.

Jaylee was soon very happy that she did so. Soon after the clip started she had her hands in her panties, her fingers working on a very wet pussy. She had derided porn in the past for looking too fake, but there didn't seem to be anything fake going on in the clip. Rather than just fucking by the numbers, Tina appeared to actually be making love to her co-star, her energy and enthusiasm apparent on the screen. Jaylee imagined herself in the Latina's shoes, fantasizing about how amazing it would be to have Tina make love to her like that.

The next day in class, Jaylee did her best to keep from staring at Tina, not wanting to creep her classmate out. Besides, Tina had enough trouble with almost every guy in class, and soon after several guys at the school, constantly hitting on her, wanting to brag that they had fucked a porn star, and believing that seducing the blonde beauty would be easy.

It was just over a week ago, during their second week of class, when Dr. Ward had divided the class into 8 groups of two and asked each group to report on a different mathematician and their influence on the development of calculus. Jaylee was thrilled when she and Tina were placed in the same group. They were working together in the library, researching the French mathematician Pierre de Fermat, when Tina looked at her research partner and asked, "Hey, Jaylee, would like to work for me?"

Jaylee blushed, and replied, "Oh, hey, Tina, I'm really flattered, but, well, no, sorry, I couldn't! I mean, nothing against you and all, I just, well ..."

Tina laughed. "While it would be amazing to have you star in one of my movies, that's not the type of job I was offering. I realize that being a porn star isn't for everyone. You're a beautician, right? I was hoping that you could do hair and makeup on the set of our next shoot."

It didn't take long for Jaylee to think about it. Being on the set of a porn shoot sounded sexy, exciting, and fun. "Sure, I'll do it!"

Tina was a bit surprised by her answer. While Jaylee was the only one in class who hadn't treated her differently, it was still a bit shocking that she was okay with the idea of being on the set for a porno movie. Especially when considering the type of movie that Wet Pants Productions produces. "Hey, before you say yes, I must warn you of two things. First, I'm afraid that the pay isn't going to be great, with so much free porn on the internet it's hard these days making a profit producing this kind of movie. Second, you need to be aware of the type of movie we film ..."

"Hey, don't worry about the pay. I'm sure that it will be fine, and the experience will be fun. And hey, I already know about the type of movies you make," Jaylee replied, thinking of the clip she had recently watched.

"I'm not so sure you're thinking of the ones we produce," said Tina. "We specialize ..."

"Hey, Tina, I recently watched one of your movies. I know what type you produce!" Jaylee then started to blush, as she had just admitted to seeking out one of Tina's movies.

Tina smiled. "So, did you like it?" After noticing an embarrassed Jaylee nod to indicate that she did, Tina asked, "So, did you get off?" An even more embarrassed Jaylee nodded again. Tina winked. "Good, glad I could help!" Tina then provided Jaylee with the date, time, and location of the shoot, as well as her phone number. The girls had then gone back to working on their project.

The sound of pissing and giggling brought Jaylee's attention back to to the TV. Unfortunately the sounds came from a couple of blondes, apparently twins, that Jaylee found to be way too skanky looking. She grabbed the remote and started to fast forward, looking for one clip in particular that Tina had told her about.

She soon found it. It was the second clip on the disk to feature both Tina and Tamyra, and she had been told that it was a hot golden shower clip. It was still surprising to Jaylee that she was looking forward to watching this clip, but the past week or so had been full of nothing but surprises.

She took note of the pain she was feeling from her bladder. The ladies on set had told her how amazing it felt to wet yourself while masturbating, which is why she had borrowed this disk from Tina, and why she had consumed so much water before hand. She had almost lost control of her bladder during her orgasm to the previous scene that she had watched, but had held on because she had wanted to experience her first wetting while watching this scene.

She saw Tamyra walk up to a sleeping Tina. "Hey, Zuzu, wake up," Tamyra called out. As the scene progressed Tamyra tried everything to wake her friend up: yelling out loud, ripping off the covers, shaking her - nothing seemed to work. Finally Tamyra said, "You asked for it," place her foot on the bed, pulled aside her panties, and started to piss on Tina.

"Violet, what the fuck!" Tina shouted. She then looked up at her lover, and her expression changed to one of excitement. She positioned herself so that Tamyra's piss was soaking her tits under the thin shirt that she was wearing.

Jaylee was impressed with how Tina handled the scene. Obviously she hadn't really been sleeping, and knew what was coming. Still, Tina had really sold the scene. She really had looked pissed at first, the expression changing to pure joy at being pissed on. She also noticed something else: the site of Tina's tits as they became visible under her thin shirt was extraordinarily hot. She paused the movie, rewound, and watched that part again, he fingers finding her pussy as she did so.

She watched Tina reposition herself again, now taking the stream into her mouth. Jaylee had never dreamed of drinking piss, but right now Tamyra's clear stream looked so inviting. Jaylee was fucking herself hard with her fingers when Tamyra's stream stopped, and Tina gulped down the last of it.

Tamyra then leaned down and started eagerly kissing her lover, tasting the droplets of her own piss on Tina's lips. The dark skinned beauty worked her way down Tina's neck, licking and tasting as she went, and then made her way to the blonde's tits, sucking the nipples through the thin, piss soaked fabric. Tina pulled off the shirt, giving Tamyra full access to her tits, which her lover eagerly attacked.

As she sucked on Tina's tits Tamyra slipped her hand into Tina's panties, and began to finger her pussy. Tina responded by starting to piss. Tamyra gave a look of surprise, then quickly moved down, pulled Tina's soaked panties aside, and started drinking the delicious stream of piss.

At this point Jaylee released her own bladder. She couldn't believe how great it felt as her hot piss flowed through her fingers and soaked the panties and sweats that she was wearing. The excitement from watching her new friend fuck her lover on screen, from fingering herself as her hot piss soaked her hand and her clothes, and from feeling so naughty as she lay on the couch in a puddle of her piss, became too much for Jaylee, and she started to cum again - hard. She continued to piss as she lost control of her body, feelings of extreme pleasure washing over her.

When she came of her orgasm she turned her attention back to the TV, watching Tina and Tamyra finishing their scene. She licked the piss off her hand, then took off her sweats and panties

