Independence Day boating mishap

30th July 2017, 03:30 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

Independence Day boating mishap

So for the Fourth of July festivities, our friends invited us and two other couples out on their boat to watch the fireworks. Our plans were that we all would pack a cooler with picnic food to share and a second cooler with drinks. We all met up around noon at the boat docks in our small town. Alot of people usually go out on the river to see the fireworks show, so we decided to meet early to beat the crowd.

About quarter after twelve, John pulled in with the boat. The guys loaded all of the coolers and all of our other belongings onto the boat. Us ladies all ran up to the restrooms to pee before leaving. Our plans were to head up river to a small island, stop and picnic. This particular island was a quite popular place to hang out. Usually there was good bit of people to party with. This year was no different, in fact this year was the most crowded I've ever seen. We docked, unloaded our coolers, found our spot and began to drink and party. We usually stay there for the whole day and get back in the river about nine. This year was different... About 7:30 the River Patrol pulled up to the island and made everyone vacate the premises. We had to pack up our things quickly and get out. Leaving us no time to pee before we left.

Ok, so now it's only 7:30, the fireworks aren't going to start until a little after dusk which is probably around 9:30 or so. Here we are, been drinking all day, stuck floating around in the river, and no where to go pee. And you know what?.... For some odd reason, the more you need to pee, the thirstier you become. Not sure if that happens with everyone, but it sure seems to be the case with ladies on the boat with me. The four of us are sitting on the bench seat in the back of the boat just laughing and giggling about our situation at the moment, but I'm not sure how long until we are no longer laughing and giggling. The guys decide that we should take a little run up river since we have about two hours to kill.

Well... You know how guys are, they get crazy sometimes. It wasn't bad enough that us ladies have to pee, they decide to go speed demon up the river. Causing cold ass river water to splash all over us. I don't know about anyone else, but being cold and wet only intensifies the urge to pee. Now the other girls are starting to get a little nervous about the situation. I, of course am not stressing about it a bit. I keep looking up at my husband to see if he is noticing the situation. Of course he is too busy horsing around with the guys and doesn't have a clue. I decide to secretly send him a text to make him aware. I also suggest to him to try to sneak some pictures and videos.

Now that I have his attention.... I'm going to have a little fun with this. Even though I really have to pee bad too, I grab us girls another cold one from the coolers. We continue talking, laughing and goofing off. My husband asks if he can have a turn driving the boat. John says of course and trades him seats. My husband is no rookie when it comes to driving a boat, he knew what he was doing the whole time. He turned us around and headed back up river, knowing that our waves from earlier were probably still there. Instead of missing them, he intentionally cut right through them. Well,.... When you go back over top of waves, it's very very bouncy and bumpy.

The bumps definitely were intensifying everyone's urge to pee. The girls were now becoming quite despetate. Just then my husband, by the way his name is cliff, had the greatest idea. He announced to everyone how cool he thought that was and he wanted to do it again so he could video it. Wow.... I was impressed with his quick thinking!! So once again, he turns around and heads up river. Only this time the waves are much bigger and choppier. The bounces and bumps were alot rougher. With each bounce, you could hear some squeals from the girls as they were trying to keep control and not piss themselves. As we traveled down the river, hitting every bump, we all were holding onto one another, and squirming and wiggling all around in our seats.

Finally after about 5 minutes, Cliff was at the end of the choppy Waters. He asked us if we had to pee or something because he noticed us squirming. We all sighed and answered YES!! He pulled the boat over into calm water in a secluded area and dropped the anchor. Then he said.... "Well ladies... I can't get you to shore, but you guys can pee off the side of the boat. With having to pee so bad, we definitely are game for his idea. Two of us take one side, and the other two take the other side. We all drop our shorts and panties and hang our asses over the edge.

As soon as we had our asses over the edge, our hot pent up golden liquid began to gush out. All you could hear was the hissing of our piss spurting out and the sighs and moans of us feeling that sweet relief. I glanced up at the guys to see their reaction. I knew that my husband would be enjoying it, but I was surprised to see that the other guys were also enjoying it. And guess what?... Remember Cliff was videoing his river run? Well he never turned the camera off!! So we got the whole scene on video.

We headed back out into the river enjoyed a few more drinks and watched the fireworks. As we sat there, we made a few comments about the ordeal trying to figure out wether or not anyone in the group would be interested in playing out another scenario... We didn't get a definite vibe, but we got some little vibes to maybe bring up sometime later. So.... Until we figure them out, I hope you enjoyed the story and I hope to have another one for you soon!!

