Jen and Joe Part 8

30th December 2006, 07:00 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 8 - The Trip Continues

As we walked into the motel, Jen leaned over and whispered to me «hurry and get a room, I need to get to the bathroom bad.» I looked her up and down in the snug khaki colored jeans she had on and gave her a certain smile. «Joe! Stop it - we have to stay here.» Jen whispered «and besides, I can't wet all my clothes the first day of our trip.»

«Ok, ok.» I relented. «I was just kidding around anyway.»

We walked up to the counter and didn't see anyone there. Jen squeezed her legs together a little since nobody was watching. A second later a very pretty girl came out of the back office and asked if she could be of help. Her nametag read Kelly and she was dressed in the motel uniform; khaki slacks and a dark blue golf shirt.

«Yes please, we'd like a room for the night» I said. «I'm sorry, but we are full now» replied Kelly. She must have seen the look on my face before I even said a word. «The upstairs floor is under renovation right now, and we are only allowed to give out rooms on the first floor.» This explained my confusion at the relatively empty parking lot. After a moment of my asking Kelly about other hotels down the road, etc. I noticed Jen momentarily give a little squirm out of the corner of my eye. I knew she was getting desperate. «Kelly, is there any way that there is a room upstairs that is okay for us to use?»

«It has been a long day on the road» whispering as I leaned in a bit, «and besides, my girlfriend really has to pee.» I felt a small kick in the leg as Jen exclaimed «Joe! Shut up!»

Kelly smiled at Jen saying «don't worry; I know just how you feel. I sometimes spend way too long behind this counter without a break.»

«Listen guys, I could get in trouble, but you seem like good folks.»

«They've only just started upstairs. Half the rooms are still in serviceable condition.»

«I'll let you stay up there tonight. It's late and I'd hate for you guys to have to drive all over looking for another motel and of course I wouldn't want to cause any...accidents.» When Kelly said this she had a funny smile on her face, but I didn't think much of it at that moment. I asked her if the rooms were in bad shape and she replied no, they were just a bit out of date and the motel chain was updating their hotels. «Pretty much all the furniture, the beds, carpets, even pictures are being replaced. You'll have to come back sometime soon since it will really be nice then.» Kelly had that funny smile again when she gave this extra information, and I wondered what she was thinking right then.

We got our room keys from Kelly and thanked her greatly for helping us out. «Not a problem at all guys» she said, «you just give a yell if I can get you anything.»

«Thanks, we will.» I replied as we headed down the hall to the elevator. Once we were out of sight of the desk Jen stopped for a second and held herself between her legs. «I'm sorry babe; I didn't know it got that bad. We'll be in the room in just a minute» I told her. For some reason I was feeling more nurturing than horny right that second, though Jen did look really hot standing there holding herself. We got in the elevator and pressed the «2» button. Jen leaned up against the wall as the door closed. She gave a sigh of relief and said «Wow, thank goodness, I really didn't think I was going to make it.» I started to say «we're almost there,» but I saw Jen close her eyes and relax. «Jen! What are you doing?» I whispered.

«Peeing,» she stated in a somewhat dreamy voice. As she spoke the single word, a dark spot appeared in her crotch and wetness began to spread out and down her legs. The stream was slow and steady, and I could hear a slight hissing noise coming from her pants. «Oh God this feels good» Jen breathed. I was instantly horny now, of course, and a bit stunned that Jen just let go when we were so close to the room. I watched a puddle spread around her feet, the pee soaking through the white Keds she was wearing. I was totally hot, but a little worried. «Jen, what if someone sees us?» I asked. She replied «silly, we are the only ones on the second floor. Nobody else will be up there, or will be using the elevator for that matter.» I realized that she was right of course, and followed her out of the elevator toward our room. Her pants were drenched down both legs in the back, and a half circle of wetness extended up her sexy butt, accentuating her sexy shape.

We got in the room and Jen began to tease me while modeling her wet pants from all angles. «Look Joe,» she purred, «I peed my pants.» She turned slowly around to show me all sides of the soaked fabric. «I had to go so bad, I just stepped into the elevator and relaxed my bladder completely.» I could take it no more and grabbed her, pressing against her with a deep kiss. We fell on the bed, succumbing to the pleasure and making quick and intense love.

We cleaned up and got dressed to go out to eat. We stopped by the desk to ask Kelly if she had any recommendations for a quick bite to eat out. She smiled up at us from the desk and gave us the name of a delicious but quick and casual Italian restaurant. Thanking her, we headed out the door, while I noticed Kelly seeming to gaze at Jen for an extra second.

Dinner was delicious, just as Kelly had said it would be. We had some excellent pasta and a good bottle of wine to go with. We snuggled in the booth, both indicating how sexy the events of the evening had been. We were seated together on one side of a booth, and I asked Jen if she «needed to take care of anything» before we left. I got a playful smack in the head, as Jen said «no I think I can hold it for now. I looked down at her legs, now covered by another pair of tight blue jeans, imagining her just letting loose there in the booth. «I know what you are thinking Joe, but I don't think this is a good time. Maybe we'll have a little more fun before bed.» Little did we know what was coming.

We stopped at a quick mart and grabbed some beers for our cooler and headed to the room. As we entered, Kelly was all smiles. «So how was dinner!»

«We loved it,» replied Jen. «Very good food.»

«You look a lot more relaxed than you did the last time you came in here by the way,» Kelly said with that certain smile again. Jen seemed to blush just a touch saying, «Yes I admit it was a relief to get here when we did - I was bursting and,» Jen now whispering, «I almost couldn't make it to the room.» Kelly again made the comment that she knew how Jen felt. I was trying not to laugh out loud to Kelly if she only knew. We said our good nights to Kelly and headed up to the room.

Straightening up a bit in the room we noticed we were short of towels for the morning. «Sure, I'll bring them up myself in a few minutes'» Kelly said after we gave her a call. She appeared at our door in a few minutes with a big stack of fluffy towels and a spare blanket too. I couldn't help notice she had let her blond hair loose from its ponytail, and I also noticed how well she filled out her khaki pants now that she wasn't hidden behind the front counter. She was definitely a very pretty girl, with a 'girl next door' look. «Thanks for bringing these up Kelly'» I said. «It's no problem,» she replied, «I just finished my shift and locked up the front desk for the night.»

«Well that's cool» I said, «Why don't you hang out a minute and have a beer?» She accepted right away and pulled up a chair and began to talk. She was very sweet and sexy all at once and in no time we had been talking like old friends for an hour. After a few beers each, Kelly brought up our arrival again. «I'm glad I gave you guys this room. You are fun to hang out with, not to mention I'd have felt bad turning you away since you were so desperate.» Jen by now was feeling pretty loose and just replied laughing,»yeah, I would have totally pissed my pants if you hadn't given us the room.» Kelly laughed back and again said she knew what Jen meant. «But I'm sure you wouldn't have really had an accident.» Kelly said, somewhat hopefully. Jen replied, «Oh you might be surprised.»

I saw Kelly give the faintest hint of a squirm in her chair as she leaned in a little and whispered to Jen «Really? Have you ever wet your pants? You know, as an adult?» Jen looked over at me and I just smiled back. «Well, yes I have actually.» Jen admitted. «More than once. How about you Kelly; have you ever wet your pants?» Kelly blushed and simply nodded her head yes. I now noticed Jen squirm ever so slightly as she pushed Kelly for details. «Well, tell us about it Kelly. When was the last time you wet your pants?» Kelly seemed a bit more confident as she finally began to open up. «Well I already told you that I knew how you felt earlier.»

«Truth is sometimes I can go a long time at the front desk without getting a break.»

«I drink a lot of water to try to stay healthy, and well, sometimes it gets the better of me a little.»

«Come on details, details.» Jen prodded, now beginning to show a combination of both interest and perhaps a filling bladder too. «Well, sometimes a little leaks out before I can get to the bathroom, and I wet my panties a bit.»

«Yeah, but the question was if you had ever really wet your pants.» Jen said, «You know, really pissed your pants.»

Kelly hesitated a minute, looked at Jen, now holding her legs together tightly, and said «Alright I'll admit it, and you better admit it too. I love holding my pee until I just can't anymore. When I can't last another minute, I just let it go and flood whatever I'm wearing. The last time I wet my pants? The truth? It was this morning in my bed. I woke up bursting as usual.

I savored the sensation of my full bladder for a few minutes, then turned over on my back, put my hand on the crotch of my pink panties and then totally relaxed. It took about two seconds and my pee just came rushing out into my panties. I felt the hot wetness spreading over my crotch and down over the flesh of my butt. In seconds I felt the hot pee spreading out all around my ass, down the backs of my legs and up my back. In the morning quiet, the hissing sound my pee was making seemed very loud and as the flow tapered off, I came hard while just holding myself feeling the last of the pee trickle through my fingers.»

We sat there listening to Kelly describe this erotic moment, totally excited and horny. I was about to come in my pants and I saw Jen with her hand between her legs, squeezing her thighs together with a glazed over look on her face. Kelly had a similar look on her face, and also had her hands in her crotch with her legs pressed together and feet firmly on the floor. Surveying the scene, Kelly spoke again. «Actually guys I lied. I did wet my bed this morning, but the real last time I wet my pants...was right...now...» With that, she moved her hands out of the way and relaxed.

The way she was sitting, we couldn't see anything right away, but we immediately heard the rush of pee flooding into her panties and khaki work slacks. Within seconds a dark spot began to spread from the V where her legs met. We saw the pee spread up around her crotch, down her legs and all around her ass on the chair. She really had to go and the sound of her peeing actually began to get louder. After 30 seconds, her pants were drenched, the chair was drenched, and pee was pouring off the front and sides of the chair onto the carpet. Kelly's eyes were closed tight, and she had the most erotic smile on her face.

Finally Kelly whispered «God I love to pee in my pants. I can't believe how good this feels.» Her stream finally ending, Kelly got up from the chair and turned around to show us her wetness. She really had a great ass, a little bigger than Jen's, with a perfect heart shape filling out the soaked tight khaki pants. She faced us again, running her hands over her wet legs. «Jen, you do it now.»

«Please! Piss your pants for me.» Jen didn't need to think twice about it, simply spreading her legs up over the arms of her chair, showing us the tight denim stretched across her crotch. She just sighed and said «Here it comes...» The denim began to gleam brightly in the light as Jen's pee rushed out into her pants. The hiss she was making was amazing, and a dark puddle began to spread out in front of her on the chair. The pee patch on her jeans got bigger and bigger, as the wet circle on the chair finally reached the edge.

Pee began to pour off onto the carpet, and Jen stood up placing her legs together. The piss began to spread out across the tops of her thighs and race down both legs. The pee washed down her legs in a flood and a huge puddle was expanding in the carpet around her feet. Finally her stream stopped and both the girls collapsed back into their wet chairs. The excitement was intense as we all found our hands inside the front of our pants. Feeding off each others excitement and moans we all came together intensely in minutes.

In the afterglow, Kelly spoke up and said «I hope you guys will consider staying in town tomorrow; I am a good tour guide, and this area is beautiful with lots to do and see.» Just don't let me drink too much water while we are out...» I laughed and said we would love for her to show us around tomorrow. «In the meanwhile,« Kelly said, «I'm going down the hall a few doors to clean up and get some sleep. When do you want to head out tomorrow? « Why don't you give us a wake up call in the morning Kelly?» I said. «Just drop by after 8:00 or so».

Joe H.

