Having A Good Time With a Full Figuired Brunette Beer Drinker Part 5

25th March 2010, 12:20 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

As Marlene and I now having left Ray's place she was happy to get out of there. I think more so that we were headed to the store for more beer and I was buying it. That was the most likely reason she was in a very happy mood. We walked into the Stwerts store and she asked me if I would buy two sixpacks of Bud. I said sure and she pulled two from the cooler. We walked up to the counter to pay for the beer. I checked my smokes and asked the girl for a pack of cigaettes and while she got them I asked Marlene if she had enogh smokes. I do at home I have a full carton. So I paid for the beer and my smokes and then we headed for Marlene's apartment.

As we walked alongMarlene asked me if I would like her to make supper. I said I could go for that. Ok then we have to go to Price Chopper then. (local market chain here) It is a short walk from here Marlene told me and when we got to the end of the block we were on we turned right and started walking south. Marlene was right the market was a short walk only being three blocks but long blocks.

Once in the market Marlene knew what she wanted to get and spent no time geting everything she needed to make supper. Ground beef for a meatloaf,a small bag of potatos which she was going to bake them, ears of corn for corn on the cob comepleted what we were going to have for our supper. Now I carryed my tube tester,tube caddy, one bag with one six pack of beer and one of the bag of groceries. Marlene carried the other sixpack, and two bags of groceries as now we wre headed back the long three blocks first then would make a turn at the end of these thgree long blocks and head to her place.

Marlene had opened a beer after we had left the market and had drank it as we walked the long three blocks and had finished it by the time we had walked the three blocks. We crossed through the intersection and took a narrow street that parrelled the major street next to the narrow street. The narrow street sloped down comming to a intersection and we crossed through it and made a right turn and headed east which we were headed dowhill as we walked along.

We walked four blocks down this street and we came to a left which was one way and very narrow. It almost looked like a alley that had been converted into a one way street. I mentioned this to Marlene and she said back to me; It could have been now that you have mentioned it. I asked her if this was the street she lived on. Oh no! I take this as a short cut only. I live still several blocks from here.

Now we came to the next street that crossed this street and we crossed over and now the street did become a alley. For there were no brownstones here just old garages, backs of old stores, and small warehouses. Marlene said to me once we had walked partway up this alley; I'm glad we are here now. Why's that? I asked her back. I can piss now! was Marlene's reply back to me. Good my arms could use a break too I said to Marlene. My stuff and the groceries were heavy and I gladly set them down to give my arms a break. I sat down on my tube caddy and lit up a gigarette.

Marlene giggled as she saw me siting there looking quite comfortible siting on my tube caddy having a smoke. Hey can I sit down on your testing machine? Marlene asked. I told her no but I have a better idea. How bout a soft seat? Sit here on my lap! I patted it as I told Marlene. She smiled and she came right over and sat down on my one leg sideways and had her white dress already pulled up to piss as she sat down on my one leg.

Marlene before she did start to piss asked me for a smoke. I gave her one. she lit it off from mine. Then she took a long drag and blew the smoke out strongly and let go with a very hard piss stream from her pussy! Now the alley was paved with small old yellow paving bricks. Both sides of the alley sloped to the center. In the ecnetr there were two rows of bricks that ran in a rown down the middle of the alley to the ends of the alley. So Marlenes pidd hit the yellow bricks that sloped to the center bricks and began to run down the bricks in the center and away from us.

I at first watched her piss come out at her pussy but now I would glance upward and check how far her piss had ran down the alley. It was about six feet down the alley now running pretty hard too still. Marlene was still sending a good flow of piss from her pussy. Marlene asked me as she watched her piss flow down the alley's middle like I was; Do you think it will reach the end? I laughed and I told Marlene that was way to far to reach from here!

So what did Marlene do? She started pushing! Her piss stream jumped forward! It wasn't hissing but it sure was now! The piss that had been flwoing down the middle bricks was narrow but now with much more piss comming out it had widened out and the wider part of her little river grew longer as it went down the alley! I tought to myslef that Marlene was giving it a good try but it was to great of a distance for her piss to travel to reach the end of the alley.

Well she did piss hard and took a long piss. Her piss did reach a distance which was more then fifteen feet away but by this time Marlene had emptied her bladder and ended up ening her piss wetting her crotch and both asscheeks with her piss. Now having no more piss being added to her piss river in the ecnter of the alley it slowed crawled along gong about a foot more then stopped and made a puddle. I said to Marlene; Nice try! She laughed looked at how far her piss had went and then stood up and went and straddled now over both of my legs facing towards me.

Care to wipe me off? I need it! Marlene giggled hard. She flipped up the front of her white dress as she said it too! So I leaned over placing my hands on her bare asscheeks and started licking her pussy, crotch and lower asscheeks that were wet with her piss. Niether one of cared if we wre seen. I was to busy licking piss off from her and Marlene was enjoying every lick of my tounge as I licked away on her. We wound up taking a nice long break!

I did finish off after I had licked off all the piss that I could tatse by just teasing Marlene's clit with my tounge for a litle bit. Just enough to get her aroused. Then I stopped. The rest will be when we get home! I said to her. She smiled and she dropped her dress down and stepped back away. WE again gathered up every thing and hurried down the alley passing what was left of Marlene's piss puddle which there was still a little one there.

We reached the alleys end and turned right. Marlene told me four blocks more and we will be there. We hurried along taking about ten minutes to cover the four blocks and we came to her place. It was a single apartment brownstone. Old too. It was narrow so it had two floors which as we went up the front steps Marlene told me her apartment was on both floors. The front doors were unlocked and we went inside.

She had a small hall which there was a second set oof double solid wooden doors. She ste down her bags and reached in the mailbox and took out a set of keys and unlocked the double doors and I stepped inside as she picked up the bags she set down. I looked around the livingroom for that is where I was. Very fancy woodwork, fancy old plastered ceiling and Marlene had furnished it with time period furniture too. Very nice! I said to her. Marlene said it was but excuse the mess. There were clothes scatterd around the room but really it was not a mess at all.

I followed Marlene through the dinningroom and back into the kitchen. Her kitchen was much bigger then Ray had. We unpacked the groceries and the ber putting what had to go in the fridge in it. Now after doing that and we both did take a ber and opened them. I asked Marlene where is your bathroom? I diodn't see it on the way in. Marlene laughed saying there wasn't one! I gave her a surprised look. She laughed and said to me; There isn;t one here on the first floor it's upstairs!

Marlene opened a door off the one side of the kitchen revealing a set of stairs and we went up them. There had also been a stair case out in betwen the sets of front doors too but Marlene said she never uses them. We came out of a narrow door upstairs and we wre in a hall way. We walked about half way down the short hall and then made a right turn through a open doorway and we wre now in her bathroom.

No tiny bathroom at all! It was big and very old fashioned! How bout a double wide high ended clafoot bathtub that two people could stretch out in side by side! Then the toilet was just as old! One with the tank high up on the wall with the long chain pull hanging down, a long thin pipe connecting to the bowl which was a true round shaped bowl with a round real oak toilet seat with no lid. Then there was a pedistall vanity sink and above that a big wall mounted from the same time period a oak medicine cabinet. Even the light fixtures which were electric were form teh late 1890's or early 1900's. I loved it!

Marlene walked over to the toilet and lifted up the oak seat. I stepped over now to the toilet. She pulled down my zipper slipped her fingers in and pulled out my nearly erect cock. It's not hard to miss this toilet! Marlene said to me laughing lightly. She was right for it being old and round it was oversized so there was plenty of room to shoot a piss stream into. It only took me a second or two to start pissing. Now being a old toilet there isn't much water in the bowl only down in the trap. So my stream was hitting the bowls side and splashing and running down the inisde only making a slight splashing sound.

I had pissed for less then ten seconds when Marlene asked me if I could stop for a momnet. I squeezed hard and cut me piss stream off. She had been standing on my left side when I had started pissing so Marlene still holding my occk stepped in front of me and then stepped bak so she was standing over the big toilet bowl now. Smiling she told me; Seeing you piss now I have to piss! I reached over and flipped the front of her white dress up so I could see her piss.

I restarted my piss before Marlene started to piss. She did shove my cock down further so my piss now was going into the raised piss and water way down in the toiletbowl. Marlene was standing back and her piss stream shot out from her pussy going straight down hiting the backside of the bowl mising my stream and only making a big splash adding to the splashing sound. Then her stream started to hiss and I smiled. I also made y ock move up just a little which Marlene wasn't really tightly pushing down on it and she saw and felt my ock move up and she giggled.

