P. - Chapter 1 - An outing at the mall

9th April 2012, 04:53 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Yes. Yet another story. And still so many unfinished. It must be the attraction of novelty. My inspiration seem to come in floods (!). In the zone, I can write a full fledged story in under a few hours. And then it dries up and I don't feel like picking up where I left.

So, probably yet another unfinished story. There is much I could do with this universe, but I don't delude myself any longer. No sense in delaying its apparition here waiting for something that will not come. But just in case I still number it

I wrote it in three parts. I like pausing where it count. In fact, this story is perhaps even more of a study in rythm that the other were. Hope it won't deter you.

Oh, and I excuse myself for the vocabulary. I'd like being able to describe a woman's clothing better. But if in French I don't know much, in English it's even worse! Looking for an illustrated reference

Enough talk!

******

An outing at the mall. Part 1 of 3.

There is nothing as bleak and vile as a mall. An endless stretch of rain-washed asphalt dotted by oil-stains and rubbish giving way to a rusting hangar, whose interior happens to have been tiled and decorated, and where tasteless goods abund. Civilization. Nothing as bleak and vile as a mall, and yet how vibrant it can be on a Saturday. And so here I am, immersed in the throng. Casually walking in its midst, energized by its haste.

I entered a women's clothing store. Here the throng is more pressing, and their bodies wash over mine as they pass me. Hum. I know they enjoy too, some making sure to thrust their bossom forward as they glide against my arm. To those I smile. I could live from the sparkle in their eyes as they look up at me.

And again today I was not disappointed.

I spotted them from a few dozen feet. A mother and a daughter, blonde both. They would probably look plain to anyone, but their urgency beckoned me. Still, they tried their best to appear unhurried, browsing through the clothes on display, chatting among themselves and commenting. I positionned myself near a pillar, out of the way, and I leant against it, looking bored, waiting for the inevitable.

They had finally gathered a few garments, and went to one of the fitting stall. They chose one by itself, sitting between shelves against a wall. A wise move. They entered and closed the curtain, one could see their legs up to mid-calf still. Their bags of purchase were stacked against one of the partitions, blocking half the gap from view. Clearly they were experienced.

And the show begun.

They continued chatting as they disrobbed. The fabric dancing on their curves as they removed and donned the pieces of clothing. A halter top was soon put aside, it revealed a bit of cleavage, but tame enough, sexy. A skirt was discarded, too loose fitting. A few more tried and discarded. And finally it was time to pack.

The mother moved toward the curtain, as she put the discarded clothes back on their hangers, while the daughter, in her underwear, went in the corner, behind the bags of purchase so smartly placed. She turned her back to her mother, facing the corner, as she swept her blonde mane to her back with her hand. She then hooked both her thumbs in her panties and drew them to her knees as she squatted, still facing the corner. Her mother was looking at her, a hint of a smile on her lips.

Now with her sweet puss just a few inches from the carpet, our young blonde finally relaxed. After a couple hours of patience, she was finally about to relieve herself. She sighed as she felt the liquid seeped from her bladder and slowly making its way toward its exit. It was slow going. She had been so tensed. It was excruciating. And at last a few dribbles escaped her lips and fell onto the greedy carpet which absorbed them hungrily, leaving no trace of their presence.

The dribble intensified, more and more dropplets falling, and finally turning into a small arc of golden liquid. It was feeling so good! The flow increased, showering the carpet between her feet. The carpet was plush, but it could not keep up with the onslaught, and a thin sheen of liquid soon appeared. The small patter changed its tune and our little blonde swiftly shifted her balance so that her stream would hit a dry portion, starting a new puddle.

So enthralled was I that I only remarked the assistant at the last second. She casually drew the curtain apart, just enough for her to peek inside, and for her voice to reach its occupants unencumbered as she proposed her help. I felt her stiffen as she took in the sight. Uncovered white cheeks suspended above a dark stain. Foam barely seeping in. The young blonde quickly stopped her flow, and stood up as she drew her panties back to cover herself. But her act was undeniable. Her mother paled a bit. The assistant closed the curtain, but she remained standing in front of it. The confrontation seemed inevitable.

