Roommates Part 8: Wet Dream

23rd April 2013, 04:30 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

As the girls snuggled close to each other, nervously, but willingly, they closed their eyes and were soon drifting off to sleep.

Starla dreamed she was on a plane. It was crowded with people she recognized from school and a few family members. She looked around and waved at some of them, but they didn't seem to notice her. A closer look revealed that they were not who she thought, but very similar. Outside, big white clouds passed by the plane rapidly.

"How are we today?" a voice said, startling her. She turned to face the flight attendant, a middle-aged woman who looked a lot like Starla's mother, but much thinner and with red hair. "Comfortable?" As she asked this, it suddenly occurred too Starla that she was terrified of flying.

"No, I... I want to get off."

"Well, now, that may come later, but for now just sit tight and get comfortable." She rubbed Starla's shoulder gently as she continued on to the next passenger, a girl who resembled Starla's high school best friend. Starla looked out the window again, probably a mistake as she saw the clouds becoming a white blur as they darted past. She gasped and in her fear felt a twinge in her bladder.

Starla turned behind her, looking for the bathroom, and noticed that there didn't seem to be a way out of the section she was in. The rows of seats extended all the way to what seemed to be the rear of the plane. She looked ahead of her and again rows and rows extending to what must have been the cockpit.

"Excuse me?" Starla said, motioning for the attendant, who was at the front of the plane, now, talking to a gray haired man who could have been Starla's grandfather or uncle or English professor. Then, in seconds she was next to Starla.

"What is it, sweetheart?"

"I need to pee. There's no bathroom."

"Of course not, honey. We don't need them." Starla's confusion must have been obvious as the attendant caressed her shoulder again. "Just pee here."

"What?"

"Just sit there and pee. Let it go. It's okay. Watch." Standing where Starla could see her, the attendant closed her eyes and sighed as a dark patch appeared at the front of her skirt. Small droplets of pee dripped to the floor and a steady stream ran down her legs, soaking her bare feet and the carpet.

"So, I can just pee in my seat?"

"Of course," the attendant says. "Look around." She motions to other passengers and as Starla looks to her left, she sees a blonde who resembles her sister spreading her legs and peeing freely into her seat and skirt. In the row in front of the girl is a guy who looks a lot like one of her exes, fly unzipped and penis out, spraying a jet of urine up and all over his lap. All around her, she can hear sounds of relief as many of the familiar but strange passengers wet themselves or pulled off their clothes to spray their pee on the floor, on the backs of the seats, even on each other.

"Oh, I need to pee so bad," Starla said. She sat back in her seat, unbuttoned her jeans, and tugged them down her thighs. She reached for the crotch of her panties and pulled them aside. "I'm just gonna pee here. I can't hold it anymore."

She was alone now on the plane as she looked down at her own crotch and sighed, peeing full-force into the seat. Her pee sprayed into the soft cushion under her and she felt it warm her bottom. She pressed harder as her stream squirted past the seat, splashing all over her jeans and thighs. The relief was amazing. Starla gasped and continued to soak her seat.

Next... Denise wakes up...

