The Holiday Chapter 3

6th February 2012, 10:14 AM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England not far from Lyme Regis. Does anybody else enjoy recreational pee near here?. (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

Chapter 03 - That First Night and the next morning

As we went back into the house she urged me, "Drink some more, I like the way you spray" I reckon that we drank upwards of three litres each that evening. And it was not too long before the familiar tickle in the tip of my penis announced that it would soon be time for another shot. "You're getting full, aren't you?", she enquired. I said yes, but that my cock was stiffening again as well.

"That's OK, what I'll do this time is masturbate you so well that you'll think all those times you've done it yourself were nothing compared to this!"

And sliding her hand along my inner thigh she unzipped me again and slipped her hand over my cock in a sort of vaginal substitute. Then she gently squeezed the tip, massaging the area around my pee-hole, before pulling it out and flicking her tongue on it too. Then she started a fantastic 'blow job' on me until I came over her tongue in a gushing climax of sperm and semen.

"Are you protected?" I asked, far too late if she wasn't. "Yes", she acknowledged, "I take a pill each day. Don't worry about that, just enjoy. My bladder's really full again; come out in the garden with me." I followed into an alcove with a swinging seat. "Stand here", she said, then climbed onto a low wall, which brought her vulva slightly higher than my lips. "Now you can drink again - this time I've only had apple flavoured water." And so saying I saw her muscles begin to squeeze on her bladder. Then a drip appeared, and I caught the first full spurt in my mouth which was delicious! Within a few minutes I was sated with her cider and my bladder had had the boost of her juices too.

"This could go on a long time, if we keep drinking from one-another" I said. "Yes, and you will enjoy every minute of it!" She knelt down and said "Let me have the benefit of what you have in store and then we need to go shopping, as there isn't enough for two for breakfast". I stood before her and let my stream loose; she nuzzled up against me and my piss washed her hair, face, tits and body, and she occasionally tongued drops as they ran down.

As I ran out of liquid, she said, "Let's get changed and we'll go out in my car. I'd like the neighbours to see I've got another man around the place. It will give them something else to talk about!"

"Don't you want to wash first?" I asked and laughingly she replied that as our juices were mostly apple-flavoured at present, that'd do. People, she said, found the odour irresistible, and often they'd ask what perfume she was wearing, or say how nice it was.

Twenty-five minutes later found us at a 24-hour Tescos where we gathered a huge range of foods and then we stopped for petrol on the way back, arriving home at almost 11.00pm at which point I urgently needed to pee out more of both her piss and mine. This time I didn't seek permission; I just undid my flies and pulled it out, before sending a long curving jet towards this exciting woman; there on the drive, by the car. In response to my stream she moved closer and my piss soaked into her skirt, then, almost without a break she raised her hemline and just 'let go', her piss splashing on the ground as she sensuously moved her body.

As we walked into the house she asked, «Bed?» to which I replied «Oh, yes!» «Wet or dry?» she asked. «Let's go dry for a while - I am tired after all this excitement, and we can still snuggle up like that.» The Fi said, «I'll teach you all I know; just stay here with me for a while.» She undid her skirt and blouse and just stepped out of them. I said, «Didn't you wear panties when we went into town?» «I almost never do» she replied, «Pants and bras are just too limiting. I like to feel the breeze on my tits and coolness around my ass. I like to be able to pee behind a tree or when I'm in a queue. And I enjoy the feeling of warm piss running down my leg.

«Put your hand into my crotch», she commanded. I did so, and there appeared just a little dampness, scarcely enough to even wet her leg, let alone the carpet. Then we got into the bed and cuddled, and my cock grew again. Turning away from me she let me slide it into her and gently thrust. Soon she came, much quicker than I had anticipated, and I had couldn't squeeze another drop out as I'd cum so much in the past 24 hours!

We cuddled again and then drifted off to sleep around midnight. At 4.15am I awoke as she stirred and murmured, «I got to pee - will you take it?». I wriggled down the bed and put my lips around her pee-hole and she streamed into my mouth and I swallowed to try to keep the bed dry. It was quite difficult keeping it off the sheets but I kept some of it and she adored it. «Thanks», she said and fell back into a blissful sleep.

We awakened again about 7.30am when my bladder was straining at the leash and I started to slide out of bed for the bathroom. Sensing what I was doing she grabbed me and said, "this sheet is absorbent too, let it go here - but let me watch!"

It was not easy to get the flow that if I'd been standing would have come out like a rocket. But once I started it got easier and a jet of deep yellow poured out. She watched with obvious delight on her face, and as I was finishing, bent over me and took me in her mouth so that my last spurts filled it. She rolled my pee around her mouth and then swallowed it. Satisfied, she then got out of bed, and made coffee from a hot-water outlet by the dressing table.

«Drink this when you're finished, then we'll have a shower and breakfast and decide what we are going to do today. I have to go and see a couple of friends in Ockleton Forge, about twenty miles away. Will you come with me?»

«What about your friends at Ockleton?» I asked. «Won't they mind someone else arriving unexpectedly?» «No», Fi answered, they'll be glad to meet you. I'll tell you about them on the way over.

I had another coffee and replied, «I'd better warn you, when I drink coffee it takes just about half an hour from mouth to penis.» She said, «Excellent! Have you ever tasted coffee flavoured pee? You can have some of mine to try if you like! Take your dressing-gown off and let's shower! »

I was expecting an en-suite room like the toilet and she said «oh there's one here all right, but you'll like where we are going even better.» We turned right out of the bedroom door and then sharply left through a louvred door into a fantastic room, decorated with white tiling throughout. There was no obvious shower cubicle, it just seemed like it might be one huge shower - big enough for a dozen people, not just the two of us. But what really amazed me was the far wall. It was glass. Thick, clear glass, looking out into the garden and across the fields, but there was none of the light distortion you get with light bricks. It was as if we were naked to the world.

She gave me a quick hug and kissed me and said, «Tom and I made this for a fun experience. There are water jets concealed in the walls on the three tiled sides and in the floor especially by the window, drains in the floor, and where you see those bluish patches on the floor, that's where the floor is warmed and soft enough to kneel or lie on. People outside can't see in unless I press that switch over there, in which case the wall becomes two-way transparent. I've used it like that myself for a dare, but never so people could really look in and see us. You should feel the fun of a powerful jet squirting up between your legs! Or when you're fucking - it's great!»

Turning to a small panel on the wall by the window she pressed a few buttons and a warm jet of water played from a faucet in the wall, and then another joined in until there were eleven jets playing on us. «Stand just there», she pointed out to me. Doing as I was told a slightly warmer jet rose from the floor and massaged my balls and my cock.

She was slightly shorter than me and I wondered how I might try to enter her. Her next surprise was a low seat which rose from the floor to exactly the right height so she could stand on it and I could fuck her. «How did you know?» I asked. She said «Simple, a sensor checked our relative heights when we come in, and programmed things to be just right at the touch of a button.»

«But», she said, «no sex just yet - I need a wash and I want you to do it to me. Take this cloth, the pink flowers are cleansing fluid dispensers, and wash me all over. I like my tits to be gently massed and my ass to be rubbed hard. And I'd like you to try my coffee-flavoured piss, too. Are you game for it?»

I replied with a smile, «Sure, but what will you do me too?» As an answer she walked over to a flower, took another cloth from a ledge I hadn't realised was in the wall, got some lotion and came back to me, then she knelt at my feet on one of the blue panels, and worked her way up my legs. When she reached my balls, she nuzzled against me and began to lick them and the underside of my cock, before wiping them with the lotion. It must have been very expensive and very well prepared for there was plenty still as she moved up my torso and along my arms. Then she led me to the lotion dispenser, and filled her hands with it before, smoothing over my face and ears and running her hands through my hair. «Will that do?» she asked.

«Mmmmm», I murmured, «Let me do that for you too. Then following her example, I took a cloth and began to gently cleanse her from the feet up. At her crotch, I knelt and licked, a musky slightly coffee taste was on my tongue. As I tasted pale golden coffee issued from between her lips and ran onto my tongue. It was delicious! I could have bought it for drinking with my breakfast. Amazingly, she murmured, «I'll bottle some up for us to take when we go out - it's a great thirst-quencher when you're up in the hills.»

Then, I rubbed her ass hard as instructed, put lotion on her upper body, and licked her tits clean. Her face and her hair I too did with my hands, but also with my lips. The she said, «Do you know washing with piss is good for the hair and body? I know you need to piss out that coffee, I'll lie down here; will you go on me please?» I'd never done that before, but I did as I was asked, and she obviously delighted in every second of it, before washing again at a faucet. She said, «I will do it to you too, but not now, as I want to take my pee with us for later. Something for you to look forward to!»

Flicking a switch, warm air began to dry us and soon I had a fantastic feeling of well-being. I was going to enjoy my holiday more than I could possibly have imagined!

I was overwhelmed at her attitude to all bodily functions - Everything for her, whether sleeping or breathing, or eating and drinking, gardening or doing the washing, was fun to her. Everything to be used when the opportunity allowed to reinforce her relationships. She seemed and still seems to regard everything as a celebration both of her humanity and her womanhood. Even, as I discovered later, such things as her period, were things to be enjoyed in their own way. And she demonstrated that she felt most fully fulfilled when she could mingle her femininity with my masculinity. We still make a great team!

I'd never met anyone so vibrantly alive, and who enjoyed their life whatever they were doing. That was almost two years ago: since we got married I've never ceased to wonder at her fascination and enjoyment of anything which has come her way. Even in difficult times or times of pain she has been more cheerful than I could have imagined. It's been a real challenge to my old way of life, I can tell you.

And now a "Taster" for the next chapter...

Chapter 04 - Visiting Friends

Back at the bedroom, she grabbed a couple of empty juice bottles and asked me to hold them close to her pee-hole whilst she pissed her nectar into one and then another. A few drops did wet my hands but I licked them clean. Then she passed me one of the bottles. We dressed and went out to her car. It was a nearly new and huge Mitsubishi L200 with a double cab and covered back.

