Tonya

23rd May 2007, 12:01 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I was going to tell more about Lisa I and will sometime but now I thought I'd tell you about Tonya. I think she is one of the main reasons for my early pee and wet fetish. Tonya is a year younger than me and we grew up together. She is actually a distant cousin of mine. She was always very attractive but as «tomboy» as you can get. We have known each other since early childhood. Our parents farmed together so we were together most every day growing up. For those of you that didn't have the privilege of growing up in the country you don't know what you missed. We were outside early in the morning and didn't come in till dark. If we didn't have to help with the farming we were playing in the barns or woods all day. It didn't enter our minds to go inside to use the bathroom. You just found a convenient place outside and let it fly. For us boys it was no problem but the girls had to look harder for a place to go. That is everyone but Tonya.

Tonya was apt to drop her pants and let loose anywhere. She was never very modest although she would usually ask me to look the other way. I did too, most of the time. The thing that got me though was after she was done. She would say, «OK I'm done now» letting me know it was ok to look. I would turn around and sure enough she would be done peeing, but, still in the process of pulling up her jeans. I would be able to see her panties while she finished fastening her pants. She always wore plain white panties and to this day that is my favorite. Tonya never seemed to think of her panties as something that shouldn't be seen by everyone. It didn't ever faze her to strip down to her underwear in front of us and go swimming.

Every summer we would build us a pond in the creek with rocks, mud and grass, anything we could find to dam up the creek. We were lucky to get it waist deep but we would play in the water all day. Tonya may keep her shirt on but would always take off her pants before getting in the water. I developed a thing for wet clothing early in life, before I really understood and connected it sexually. I remember being very young and getting in trouble for wading water with my socks on. It has always been a thrill for me to see a girl in wet clothes, but only if they still had their panties on, so when Tonya was in the water with us I was very interested to say the least. The first time I came I was looking at Tonya in her soaking wet panties.

I didn't know what had happened to me. I just got this wonderful feeling and filled my own wet underwear with cum. It took me a few days and some discrete questions to figure out what had happened to me. I was hooked after that. As we got older I started to learn about sex and come to grips with my wet fetish. However, my little brother and Tonya's little sister and brother were always with us so it wasn't possible to bring the situation close to anything sexual. But, really, I believe it would shock her to know I ever thought of her that way. We are just the best of friends.

I discovered my pee fetish at the creek one day with Tonya. Before we got in the creek we were setting on the bank watching our little siblings. Tonya announced she needed to pee. I expected her to ask me to turn around but she didn't. Instead she stood and took off her pants. Then, as usual, still wearing her white panties she stepped into the creek. She was just ankle deep about five or six feet from where I was setting. I then got the shock of my life and one of the all-time great thrills of my young life. With her back to me I was admiring her panty-covered ass when I suddenly realized she was peeing. She was peeing right there in front of me. She was peeing right there in front of me in her panties.

I filled my underwear with cum for the second time because of Tonya. As casual as can be, when she was done She turned to me and asked if I was coming in. I was still struggling to regain my composure and told her I'd be right there. She waded on in and begins to play with the kids as if what she had done was the most natural thing in the world. That was the start of my pee fetish.

Tonya and I still see each other often. We are both married with kids of our on. Her husband and I are great friends and she and my wife are best friends. To this day Tonya has no idea about my wet fetish. I'll never tell her because she has not changed when it comes to letting me see her panties.

She still has no trouble peeing anywhere. If I told her what it does for me she would never let me see her like that again.

