The Animal Urge

26th April 2014, 11:26 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: US (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Remember how last time I explained that not every wetting experience I have is a horny, sexy one? Well now, I'm about to tell a hot, wet, sweaty, sexy story, with no quarter given. And yes, there's some pee in there too.

Everyone here should know; sometimes you just have one of those days. It's hot outside, or hormones are going crazy, or any one of dozens of reasons, and you just need to FUCK. You don't even need a hard fucking, you just have a burning, aching NEED to do something sexual. Well, I specifically didn't have one of those days, but my poor Alice did.

Alice works as a receptionist for the executive department of a company that shall not be named here. On daily basis, she directs phone calls, sets up meetings, assists the men in the offices, and generally runs interference. But from what I hear from her, it's not all wine and roses on those top floors. There's sexual harassment, illicit phone calls, and enough office politics to make your head spin. Sometimes I wonder how she takes it day-by-day, but then, she constantly asks me how I stand being a nurse.

Well, just a few hours ago, I got a text from Alice. I was home alone; it was just getting into the evening and my husband stepped out to see his friends. I was putting a load of laundry in when I heard my phone buzzing on the counter-top.

I walked over and took a look: "SHITTIEST. DAY. EVER. >_<"

I could only imagine. From some of the things she's told me, I wondered what could be so bad that would make her say that. I didn't have time to reply before she sent me another text: "I need your body. Now."

A shiver ran from my feet all the way up to my neck. I immediately texted her back: "Come right over. The door's unlocked." I figured she needed rough, angry sex, and I was more than willing to provide. I took off the clothes I was wearing throughout the day, as well as my bra, letting my breasts hang free. I put on an over-sized t-shirt that went down past my bare crotch, and some extra-long socks that went all the way up to my thighs. I figured that was enticing enough.

My phone buzzed again with another text: "Put down a mat." Well, whatever she wanted to do, now I knew it involved wetting

, and in a place other than the toilet. I went up to my bedroom and reached under the bed, taking out the box of pee pads I have stashed there. Let me tell you, they may have been invented for other reasons, but those things are great to have naughty peeing and no messy clean-up. I took one out of the box and went back downstairs, unfolding it and placing it on the floor.

I went back to my laundry, and in about 10 minutes, I heard the front door fly open. I peeked out of the laundry room and saw Alice, still in her business attire. She shut the door and locked it behind her, throwing her purse down on the floor. She pouted, "GRAAAAACE."

"Right heeere~" I said cheerily. I popped out of the laundry room and lifted my shirt to around my neck, exposing my body to her. "Bad day hon?"

Alice immediately reached down and unfastened her medium-length black skirt, whipping it off and exposing her bare crotch to me. She speed-walked over to where I was and threw her arms around me, pressing her body against mine and taking me into a very deep tongue-kiss. We've made out many times before, but this time she was like an animal! She's quite a bit taller than me, and she was thrusting her tongue in and around my mouth so vigorously, all I could do was arch my head back and take it. She was in total control.

Finally we parted again to catch our breath. My head was swimming from her passion. When she started groping my breasts I noticed that she was still pressing her hips against me, subconsciously trying to hump me. I looked up at her and asked, "What do you need, babe?"

She took a deep breath and said one word: "Floor."

"OK." I sat down on the carpet over the pee pad and leaned back on my hands, still looking up at her. She followed me down and grabbed my knees, spreading my legs and showing off my rapidly moistening lady bits. She then thrust her legs forward, criss-crossed our legs together and pressed her pussy tight against mine. She grunted in pleasure as our crotches combined; I was already wet but I could easily tell that she was too. Our soft folds slid across each other as she wiggled and made herself comfortable.

"Ahh! That's better. You would not believe the day I had!" She laid down onto the floor, just looking up at the ceiling. "First thing in the morning, the phone service went out for an hour."

I just watched her for a moment, a little flummoxed by her actions. "Oh... really? So what did you do?" My bits tingled from being pressed against hers; the heat between my legs surged as both our wetness mixed together.

"I had to pointlessly busy myself until they came back on, and when they did, my phone rang non-stop for another hour! And everyone who called me was pissed!" I could tell this was just the start. She needed to vent, and it was important that our crotches didn't separate. I laid back onto the floor myself and closed my eyes, enjoying the sensations of our tribadism.

While we both just laid there on the floor, Alice told me all about her shitty day, and all the while, our crotches never separated. Our hips were gyrating ever-so-slightly, making every inch of our pussies softly bounce and flop while rubbing together. It was so slow and drawn-out, I could feel the huge orgasm building in me, but I did my best to resist humping her like mad. Alice was the one in charge here. But after 10 or 12 minutes of this, I was ready to explode.

Suddenly, Alice sat up and pulled up one of my legs, hugging it to her body. She straddled my pussy with hers and started humping and grinding very fast! "And the fucking cherry on top was the fact that it's Saturday! All I could think about since I arrived at work was how much I didn't want to be there, and the hours ticked by like fucking molass- UNNNNGGGHHHHH!!" Alice started orgasming like a freight train. Her hips bucked wildly as her pussy slipped and slid against mine.

Just seeing her like that was all I needed to go over the edge myself. I remained laid back and my arms flailed on the floor as I came. The hot, wet friction of her crotch climaxing against mine began a chain reaction of orgasms. We both came repeatedly; as one explosive orgasm subsided, Alice began humping our way to another. She had so much lust in her, I thought she would spontaneously combust! Of course, I was so swept up in her passion, I was right there climaxing along with her each time.

Finally, her frustration spent, she started to slow her humping. I could barely hear Alice's exhausted breathing over my own. Both of us were drenched in sweat, and our crotches were drenched in something else. I looked up at her and saw her leaning her head against my leg, eyes shut in ecstasy. Suddenly, her eyes flared open and she looked right down at me. She grabbed my other leg and pulled it up behind her butt. "Pee with me. Right now."

Alice made sure my thigh socks were out of the way, so they wouldn't get covered in pee! What a sweet girl. But she wanted to have a pussy-wetting at the same time, and she just told me she was about to go. That was fine with me; I definitely needed a pee myself. I shut my eyes and bore down, making my pee rush out.

Alice pressed her pussy tight against mine, and as my pee leaked out, filling the miniscule cracks and crevasses between us, hers did too. We both moaned in pleasure as we mutually wet ourselves, relishing the fresh wet feeling on our pussies. Our pee rushed out and flooded underneath us, soaking the pee pad. Good thing I put it down!

Finally, Alice pulled away and stood up. Cool fresh air hit my crotch and I shivered all over, giggling a little. "So, how are you feeling now?"

She took a deep breath and started to take off her business top. "Like a different woman. What would I do without you?" She crouched down to my level and gave me another kiss, this time much softer and more sensual.

I gave my breasts a squeeze and grinned. "I'm here for you whenever you need me, sweetie."

"Thanks love." She slipped her top all the way off. "Mind if I use your shower?"

"Not a problem, help yourself. Mind if I post this on Peesearch?"

She laughed weakly. "Eh, I guess not. I don't really care. You'll probably make some heads explode." She toddled off and I just laid there, taking in what had just happened. I felt so satisfied. I could only imagine how Alice felt.

