The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 5

15th April 2005, 05:34 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the fifth of 10 chapters, but I still haven't gotten a lot of feedback.

I'm planning a few more stories about the daughters from now on. Who are your favorite characters to this point?

________

Ginger was home alone. Showering and putting on fresh clothes really made her feel like a new women. She'd stripped the sheets from her bed, exposing the protective pad that covered her mattress and tossed everything in the wash. The last load of laundry was in the dryer this moment and everything else was folded and put away. She'd spent a little time with her mother's old white jeans and panties, finding them twisted together in a ball. She'd examined the crotch of the spandex panty finding the two wetting stains and sticky, dried lubrication in the double crotch band. She thought for a moment about her mother's accidents and how easily she could brush them off as nothing to worry about. She wondered if she was developing the same habits.

She had taken up residence on the sofa in front of the television. The sound was almost off and she was just watching the picture, waiting for Nancy to return her call. Nancy was calling Katie to see if they could use her families boat at the lake. The phone rang and everything was a go. With a busy weekend and hot, sunny weather, there would be a lot happening especially at Country Joe's next to the marina.

Ginger was already dressed in a pair of green short shorts and tight, little T-shirt. She was wearing her best support bra, the one that made her perky breasts point almost straight out. The slit in the sides of her shorts didn't extend to her high cut panty, but she'd taken a page from her mother's book and when she looked in the mirror saw that the double crotch band was quite obvious. She slipped on her high-heeled sandals, grabbed her overnight bag, two swimsuits and was out the door.

Nancy and Ginger had already stopped at the store for groceries when they picked up Katie. Katie really looked hot in a pair of white shorts and matching blouse. She'd made the shorts even sexier by rolling and pinning the cuffs. Ginger could see the straps from what was probably a light colored one-piece swimsuit showing through her blouse. As soon as they had Katie's things in Ginger's Jeep Cherokee, they opened a couple of Corona Light's and were off.

The one hour trip was uneventful and before they new it they were dock side putting their stuff in the boat. The twenty-foot ski boat was perfect for the ride out to Lost Isle. When they arrived the island was going full out with volley ball games, lawn tennis and girl watching. The out door bar was open and serving Mai Tai's on the gun as a special. At a dollar each, the women loved them and the guys were paying, so things were shaping up. Nancy said that the way things were going it would only be a matter of time before someone got hammered.

Katie suggested that they stick with beer so that they themselves wouldn't wind up wasted too. Nancy and Ginger readily agreed. They still needed to find their way, at least back to Katie's cabin. A second problem arose when they decided to pee. Nancy quickly checked out the toilets and said they were awful and she was only going to use them in an emergency. They decided to wait and maybe go in the water.

Just before four o'clock they were standing next to the bar ordering another beer. Nancy couldn't wait any longer and waded into the water to pee. She came back saying it was too cold and that she wouldn't do it again. Ginger was people watching and pointed out a very pretty blond to Katie wearing a hot pink, one-piece swimsuit. She watched her slip off a bar stool and stand talking to a girl friend and the two guys they were with. Like Ginger, the first thing Katie noticed was her butt accentuated by a pair of high-heeled sandals. «Look» Ginger said, «I thing she found an answer for the poor toilet facilities».

As Katie looked closer it was obvious that her suit had a nearly dry pee stain mapped across her seat. It was that typical stain that they'd all seen before, starting about mid thigh on each side and looping almost half way up her bottom crack. As she stood there the guy she was with casually patted her butt. His hand lingering longer than necessary, so that he could run his middle index finger along the length of her bottom crack.

It brought a smile to her face that grew a little when he said something and then all four of them laughed. Her girl friend was facing her and immediately glanced down between her friend's legs. They were leaving their place at the bar and the blond grabbed her purse, holding it carefully in front of her as they walked out to the grass to watch a volley ball game. The girls giggled and Ginger said, «She probably didn't want to go in the cold water either». They giggled again and Ginger felt a little warmth start to seep into her panties

.

They moved to the spot at the bar that the foursome had left open. It had a better view. The bar was outside with only a rickety roof to protect the customers from the sun. Made out of old weathered wood, it was two steps up from the surrounding grass and a dusty path coming up from the docks. Everyone arriving or leaving needed to pass by where they stood. This was great for people watching. Another spurt exited Ginger's pussy lips and this time she felt it tickle her back hole.

Katie spoke first, « I really need to pee. I'm going too use them anyway». She started for the toilets. «What about you guys?»

Nancy said that she didn't need to go again yet and Ginger, well Ginger just nodded and said, «I'm fine I'll wait».

They watched as Katie wiggled her cute butt off to the rest rooms. Ginger moved closer to the bar and behind Nancy, as she felt something run down her leg. She noticed that same something continue, as she brought her right hand to her crotch checking the damage. She could feel the high water mark expanding as Nancy made a comment about some muscle bound hunk walking with a gorgeous bikini clad girlfriend. They both made their comments about her butt being «too this» or «too that» all the while looking to the next sexy couple to walk by. Ginger moved even closer behind Nancy, never missing a comment as the flow from between her legs slowed. They both decided that there wasn't any better fun than people watching except maybe being watched them selves.

They saw Katie first as she approached. Nancy could not help but ask the question, »What happened to you, did you wet your pants?»

«No, why» Katie answered. «You mean, well, when I got in there they were awfully bad. I decided to pull my shorts down but my swimsuit was to tight to pull aside and so I just peed through it. My shorts will dry or do you think I should take them off?»

They all laughed and said not to worry about it. Ginger thought to herself that it was just a matter of time until she was caught too. Maybe like the blond the hot sun would dry her quickly. That was wishful thinking. Besides she would need to go again the way they were drinking light beer. Nancy went back to people watching while Katie offered her version of things. Katie provided the additional cover Ginger needed. Katie was unconcerned that her white shorts displayed a small yellow stain neatly surrounding her «mons». Ginger noticed another wetter looking their direction. She was really cute too, wearing a red bikini, one of the new styles that tied on the sides. Her crotch was soaked in front as she walked by staring at Katie's pants. Ginger watched her pass noticing a similar sized stain covering her lower butt.

They were looking for a change of location and Katie decided to pull them over to the volley ball game, then at its height. Nancy agreed and said, «great, let's do it,» but Ginger thought they should stay at the bar. Katie and Nancy then suggested they would go and if Ginger wanted to wait at the bar she could. Ginger couldn't do that and so finally gave in, saying, «I can't you guys, I wet my pants too and can't go out looking like this.» Ginger was still standing at the bar as they all three looked down at her crotch. So did the guy seated next to them. Beautiful, college educated, sexy Ginger had stood at the bar and just peed in her green short shorts instead of going to the toilet like most of the others.

Katie commented, «You should have gone with me». She thought that the saucer size stain on the front of Gingers shorts was no small wetting either. «Gees don't worry about it, no one will even notice» she lied. «Nancy and I will walk in front of you, come on lets watch the game». They walked over to the grass and sat down. Not many eyes failed to miss Ginger.

While they watched the game Ginger had to explain why she'd wet herself. Katie had heard and seen it all before. There was no end to Gingers excuses and it seemed that every time Ginger wet her pants it was something that «just couldn't be helped». The times at the mall, the dance at Fatties, on the back of Bob's motorcycle and at least every time they went to the beach. As long as Katie had known Ginger she'd wet her pants. She'd seen Ginger with wet pants so many times, just casually letting go, that she'd started doing it herself now and then.

After watching a couple of games the girls seemed to loose interest and reverted back to people watching. Ginger noticed that the pretty blonde was sitting on the grass less than twenty feet away. Her legs stretched out in front of her, crossed at the ankles with a beer in hand. She was very pretty and Ginger concentrated on her mannerisms as she conversed with her friends. Near the end of the second game Ginger caught her slightly bowing her legs to look at her crotch. She did this for about twenty seconds and then returned her legs to their original position. A smile crossed her face as she leaned against her boy friend and whispered something. A smile crossed his face to as he glanced down at her crotch. A smile also crossed Gingers face as she felt that familiar warmth spread through her crotch and into the grass.

The games were over and most of the spectators got up to leave. Ginger watched as the blonde got up. She reached behind her with each middle finger and pulled her pink one piece loose and back in place. When she turned, Ginger saw that her butt was a little dirtier now and freshly peed. That's what she had been doing while watching the game. She used the flat of her right hand to pat the wetness, half testing the extent of her wetting

. At the same time she looked down between her legs in front. She didn't act surprised at her wet mound as she said something to her friends and they started off. The stain in back was more obvious now and extended outside of her first wetting

. There was a yellow tinge to her pink swimsuit leaving no doubt as to its origin. Both of the guys with them fell back behind the girls as they returned to the dock.

Our girls got up too, grabbing their things and deciding to head for the boat. Nancy noticed right away, «Did you pee in your pants again?» Ginger just shrugged and turned to start walking. Nancy could not help but notice how stained her shorts were as she followed her down the path. Her shorts were so brief that her round little butt couldn't quite fit in them. She could see the double crotch band of her panties

, some of it hanging below the seam of her shorts. Her wet shorts accentuated that. She was wet mid-thigh to mid-thigh and to a sharp point nearly to the top of her bottom crack. She could even see the high water mark of her previous wetting all contained inside this one. Ginger had the walk to, just like a model, one foot straight in front of the other. Nancy stopped to pee in the toilets. One actress was enough.

The trip back was uneventful except for the vibration. Katie removed her shorts and somewhere on the way back let her bladder do what it wanted. Nancy missed that, instead checking out Ginger's crotch several times, noticing the semi-circular stain, her partly swollen and spread pussy lips and the smile on her face. Maybe it was the vibration from the boat causing that smile, but maybe not too.

The girls talked, but couldn't decide what to do that evening. Should they head for home and clean up there? First they needed to stop at the gas dock for some groceries. Katie reached for her short-shorts. She and Ginger were going into the store.

