/still-a-naughty-girl-part1/38266/

Still A Naughty Girl Part1

3rd November 2009, 03:14 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Louise was a girl that I knew when I was young. She lived across the road from me and we alwats did hang out together. This involved when we were together we would piss together outside. Louise was a pretty redhead. When we moved I lost a best friend for a time. Time passed and I did see her on a rare ocasion but we never were togther long enough or alone together to continuie or pissing together. We also both of us had other interests which took time away from each other.

Now I had a long weekend and I went back up to do some visiting with old other friends. While vivsiting with one of my old friends he brought up Louise in the conversation. I replied back to Mike; Oh she is still around Mike/ Mike laughed and told me she was. You ought to go see her. She still mentions you from time to time. I think she misses you! I smiled a litte and told Mike I would.

I walked over to her house which she was still living at home with her mom. Her mom answered the door and she reconized me right off and she told me to come right in. She and I talked for a good half hour filling each other on all the family type news that had gone on since we had moved away. In theconversation her mom told me that Louse had two kobs. She wa a barmaid in the last bar in town right across the road from the house. Also she babysat at times also for extra money.

She went on and told me that Louise was babysiting right now and she told me where too. She smiled and told me I should go see her. I smiled back to her and said to her; I will! I got up and left walking over to my Mustang which was parked over by Mikes house. I got in and took off driving up the old mill road behind the general store post office.

Where Louise was babysitting was in a mobile home back on the old mill road. The mobile home was about halfway on the old mill road which was about a thousand feet back to it. I drove up and stopped outside the mobile home and there was Louise standing towards the back f the trailer with her back to me standing by a large old metal bucket on the ground by her.

She spun around hearing me pull up in my Mustang convertiible which the top was down. Seeing that it was me she yelled out to me as she ran over towrds me saying; Hello strrrranger! I shut offf the car stood up leaned on the top of the winshield and said back to her; Well hello stranger to you too! Now Louise had really changed as far as her appearence since the last time I had seen her.

First were her breasts. They had reall filled out! Last time her breasts were small in size. Now they had really filled out being very round and quite full! Her read hair was very long and straight. It was streaked with variuos shades of red instead of being just red. Her waist was quite slim and her ass had filled out just as nice as her breasts had!

I then hopped over my door and we stood there and we talked some. I told her I was up visiting and Mike had mentioned you in our conversation. Louise laughed telling me she was in a lot of peoples conversations! That made me wonder right then what she ment by this. I also went on telling her that I had talked to her mom and she was the one that told me that you were here baby sitting and you also worked as a barmaid over at The Wagon Wheel. Louise laughed telling me she was glad that I had talked to her mother. She finished off by lastly saying to me. Oh you don't know how much I missed you! I said the same thing back to her. Boy did she put a big smile on her face after I said that to her.

Now we stood leaning up against my car and we went on talking. While we talked Louise said she was baby siting two kids a boy and a girl. I asked her till when? she told me for another couple of hours. It was six now so she would be done at eight. I asked her if she was working the bar tonight. She told me she wasn't. I said to Louise; That's good! Want to do something after your done baby sitting? Louise said back to me; I owuld love to! So we had made a date to go out.

While we were talking and just after we planned to go out from the backdoor of the mobile home out stepped a girl. She walked over to the big metal bucket and stopped. She turned towards Louise and I hearing us talking. She looked at us for a moment and then she hurridly walked away heading towards the back of the mobile home and turned the back corner and went out of our sight.

I asked Louise was that one of the kids she was babysitting. Oh that's Carley and yes I am. Her brother is Ned she went on saying. I babysit them a lot. Then by this time Carley had come back from behind the mobile home and Louise said to her; Carley say hello to Victor. She stopped smiled at me and gave me a quick hello. Then she scampered up the steps and went back inside.

Now I had to ask Louise something. Like I said both she and Carley had been right by that big metal bucket. I wondered why. So I asked Louise about it. Louise laughed hard. Oh the place has power but no running water yet as far as a well! So the metal bucket is a toilet! I looked and saw several tanks on stands beside the mobile home. I knew some were for oil for heat,some were propane gas for heating and cooking and the others were for water. Louise did tell me there was water tanks for water for drinking,cooking, and bathing.

She went on telling me besides using the toilet yes there was water for it but it would use to much and there was yet a spetic tank put in too. Then with a giggle she went on saying to me that Carley was going to use the bucket but seeing you being a stranger she didn't and went and pissed behind the back of the trailer instead. I couldn't help but let outa laugh. Then I asked Louise is that what YOU were going to do when I drove up. You were standing there!

Louise laughed hard and told me YES I WAS! Then after she stopped her hard laughter she told me to satyhere. I'm going to go check to see if Carley and Ned are up to. Louise ran over to the front door of the tariler bounded up the steps and went inside. I stayed standing leaning up against my car door and waited. While I waited I was thinking about Louise telling me about the metal bucket outdoor toilet and she was going to use it! I had a full erection inside my pants now!

From inside the trailer I heard Louise ask loudly where the two kids were. I heard both Carley and Ned voices say that they were in there parents room watching tv. I heard Luise say loudly; Ok and that she would be right outside if needed. There was a loud giggle from Carly; Then she said to Louise and her brother; Louise has a boyfriend outside. I heard Louise laugh. Then a moment later the front door swung upon and closed and Louise came bounding down the steps and over to me.

She leaned up against my car with me. She and I talked for a moment which she asked me to give her a hand moving the meatl bucket. I want to move it around the backsde of the trailer up in front. Lets wait a few more minutes before we do Victor. Carley is a little spy at times! So we went on talking and this time the conversation between us was about being nuaghty.

Louise told me she did miss our times together and she never really stopped pissing outside. Just didn't do it all that much after you moved she admitted to me. It was just not all that fun without you being around! I laughed and told Louise that it sure was a lot of fun we had. We went on talking about the times and different places we had pissed together.

We had justfinished telling about one time that we had pissed together and we bth saw the back door of the mobile home swing open very slowly. It was Carley. Seeing that we were still standing by my car and had seen her she first said NUTS! Giggled hard and ducked back inside and closed the door. Both Louise and I looked at each other and laughed.

We satyed by the car for another ten minutes or so and then WE walked over to the metal bucket which was really one of the old metal wash basins quite large around,about three feet in diameter, two handles to garb it by, and Louise and I together grabbed a handle each and we picked it up which there was some water in it carefully carried it back up to the front of the tariler went around the front and around the side.

Now on this side of the traler there were only small windows towards the back. We were to far forward to be seen out from them so thats where we sat the wash basin down on the ground. Louise said; This is ok here. Now Louise had on a blue seater and a grey pair of stetch pants. She mabe out of habbit looked down the side of the traier and then looked the other way towards the front. She giggled and said to me; I don't know why I did that!

Then she pulled her grey sweatpants right down bending over as she did right down to her ankles! Seeing now her greysweatpants pulled down I laughed. I said to Luise; You still don't wear panties

! Luise now let out a laugh. Nooooo I don't. Only when I have to at that time of the month only is when I do!

Now above Louis's very nice pussy was a good size patch of fire red curly pubic hair. Now her pussy which I had seeen and always liked still had its skinny short clit but it looked more protruded outward now. Her side lips were thin and long and quite still pinkish looking. I smiled as I looked at her pussy and I said to Louise. It still is cute looking! Even better!

Louise now had stood up and she let out a giggle. Then she bent back over and took a look at her pussy and said to me; I think so too! Then she stood back up for a moment and then she squated down just some getting really into a high hover over the metal wash basin and got ready to piss. She did take one hand and placed it on her lower belly which now covered up most of her fire red pubic hair patch when she did this.

I saw her press her hand into her belly where she had it. I said to her; Don't push Louise! That will make your piss shorther! Loiuse quickly replied back to me. I have to push this time only to get started. I've been holding it to long. It had been some time you know since you pulled up here! I laughed a little and told her she was right it has been.

Right after I finsihed saying that Louise did start to piss for a very short spurt of piss came out and then she stopped. I saw her hand press harder on her belly and a short second or two after pressing her piss stream shot out from her pussy and satyed flowing. Louise pulled her hand right off from her belly then now that her stream was flowing.

Her stream was a light yellow. It had a prety wide head at its start went right into a very long twist and it ddid angle forward as it went downward into the metal wash basin. Her stream did hiss softly as it flowed and it splashed in the water in the meatl wash basin. Louise pissed like this for a short time but its hissing got louder as she went n pissing and also her stream moved forward no longer splashed loudly in the water in the basin but made more noise for now her piss was hitting the side of the metal basin above the water line making a drumming sound of something hiting metal.

Louise went on with her piss for about 15 seconds or so. Then she had changed her mind. Maybe it was from the additional noise her piss was making with its louder hissing, splashing and drumming on the side of the wash basin. She placed her hand back on her lower belly and pressed hard. Her piss stream jumped forward going outside of the meatl basin and she now was pissing in the grass.

Louise told me she was making to much noise so that's why she had put her hand back on her belly. I smiled but I whiched she hadn't I thought to myself. Bt I didn't tell her that. I still was enjoying seeing her piss! Just a little less thats all. Louise told me that Carly and Ned might her ll that loud noise that's why she did it. I didn't say anything back to her again at first.

Then I did. You know Louise all you had to do was step foward so you would piss on the ground not in the tub. Louise looked at me silent for a few seconds. Then she let out a little laugh. I'm stupid or what? Then she did step foward taking her hand back away from her belly. Now she was still pissing on the grass. I shook my head back and forth and went on watching.

Louise went on and I would say pissed for about another thirty seconds more. Her stream took a gradual ease off with its hissing fadeing, moving back under her going straight down wettng the grass, and thinning also. The hissing of her stream stopped after afew seconds more and her stream now was quite thin. Then she stopped taking only a pause. She did a couple of short weak spurts and she was finished.

Then she stood there for several seconds looking around. Then she laughed right after I asked her what she was looking for. Laughing she told me she was looking for toilet paper. That is still inside! I never brough the roll out! She tehn bent right over grabbed her grey sweatpants and pulled them right up snugging them up tightly.

Now since sh didn't wipe a very small dark spot did show up right in the crotch of her sweatpants. Louise must have felt it too. For she looked down reached down to the vrotch of her sweatpants and pulled it out looking at it. She let out a little giggle again. I did wet them a little but not much. That wil dry quickly.

What we did next was dunp the wash basin out. Carried it back over to one of the water tanks and filled it up some fresh water. Louise told me as the basin filled; Don't want to leave any evidence in it! I laughed a little for it idn't take any figuireing out if we hadn't dumped her piss out and refilled the basin with water if either Ned or Carley had come outside to ether use it or for any other reason they would have know that the basin had been use by one of us. Also too after putting the water back in it we had set the basin back where it had been.

Louise and I walked back over to my car and we talked some more. Then Louise said to me; Oh hey I never asked you if you still would piss in front of me! I laughed and told her I would. You didn't have to ask that. But I don't have to go now. Later I will. Ok? Louise smiled with a big smilegave me a hard hug and a kiss and said back to me; Ok!

Then the front door of the trailer opened and it was Carley. Louise phone call! It's my mom. She wants to talk to you. Louise told me she would be right back. She ran over to the steps went up them went inside to take the call. Several minutes later she was back outside and she wasn't to happy looking.

She told me that the mother and father now had to work late so going out now had to be cancled. I said right back to Louise; Hey that's not the end of the world. You'll make more money and besides who has to say we have to gout. I can stay here with you instead. Louise's face brightented right up after I said all this to her. Hy that's right you can.

So as we stood there we made plans as far as what to do while I stayed with her. We could paly a game,watch tv, I offered to get a pizza which when I said that Louise giggled and said to me; Get some cold beer to go with that! I smiled and said sure. WE went inside and she called the pizza place and ordered it. I would go and get it. Both Ned and Carley went PIZZA! when I told them about it. I made two instant friends!

