[Fiction] Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 4

17th December 2013, 11:48 PM

Author: somedood123

Location: internet (Sex: Male) Posts: 63

Hey there. Back with another installment in this series of stories. I originally planned for this to have more content, but realized it was getting a little long and saw it best to end this chapter where I did. No worries, though, part 5 is well underway and will probably be posted within the new couple of days. I do kind of feel that this may not be worthy of its own thread as I originally planned for this to just be a sort of interlude, but it ended up longer that I planned.

Jenny and Sharon Discover the Joys of Naughty Peeing - Part 4

It had been a few weeks since both girls had confessed their love of peeing in places out of the ordinary and both "celebrating" with a long, desperately-needed pee all over the carpet in Sharon's living room. Since then, they hadn't talked much about it - well, aside from the night and day that followed where Jenny told Sharon about her recent dream-experience of naughty peeing. After that there hadn't really been much time for it. Work had been busy in the week or two that followed, but they did manage to share an experience together - at work.

It had been a really busy day, both Sharon and Jenny having to serve plenty of customers with no time for their scheduled breaks. When it finally started dying down, both girls frantically ran for the bathrooms, but so did a lot of other employees - and then there were also the customers who were using the restrooms. This meant that pretty much all of the toilet stalls were occupied, except for one. So they went in together.

"Sorry, I'll go first, is it ok? I'm really, really desperate", Sharon said while frantically beginning to hike up her work skirt.

"Well, I- uh, ok", Jenny responded, her legs crossed and her hands inbetween them.

Even before resting her bum on the seat, Sharon started peeing uncontrollably.

"Come on, hurry up!", Jenny could be heard saying.

"I'm going as fast as I can", Sharon responded quietly, her face flushed with relief and delight.

At the sound of Sharon's continued pee tinkling away into the bowl, Jenny felt the first few drops of pee beginning to leak into her panties.

"Oh, god, I'm about to pee myself, please hurry!", Jenny exclaimed in an almost raised voice. She figured she could probably get away with just letting go and pee through her panties considering she was wearing a skirt, but she didn't want to risk getting caught having peed all over the floor.

Sharon was still peeing strongly, and it didn't sound like she was at all close to finishing.

Finally, Jenny couldn't take it anymore and spotted the small trash bin in the stall. Very quickly, she pulled up her skirt and lowered her panties, then she got into a hover-squat position above the bin.

Immediately, a strong, clear stream shot out, drenching the contents of the bin in Jenny's hot pee shower and also splashing against the sides.

"Aah", Jenny sighed in relief, "I needed that".

"Looks like it", Sharon said, she had just finished her own pee and was now pulling up her panties. When Jenny finished, they just smiled and giggled to each other and then left the toilet stall.

###

A few days later they decided to meet up at Jenny's place. There wasn't talk of peeing or any of the sorts, it was just a regular get-together like they did every so often, but Sharon decided it was time to kind of properly talk it over..

"So listen, this whole pee fetish-what-to-call-it thing of ours...", Sharon began.

Jenny didn't like the sound of this. It sounded like something was bothering Sharon.

"Yeah? You like it, right?", Jenny asked.

"Well, I mean, I guess - it's really fun and naughty and also gets me really sexually excited, but it's just happening so fast - a couple of weeks ago I would never dream of just openly pissing a full bladder into the carpet. I mean - it is a bit weird, isn't it?", she said, putting extra focus on the 'weird'.

"Maybe... But weird is good, yes?", Jenny responded.

"I suppose, but I just don't understand why this type of thing gets me so aroused.", Sharon said in return.

"Well, maybe we're just screwed up, huh?", Jenny said in a sarcastic tone and laughed.

"Yeah, maybe a little bit", Sharon said again, seemingly not all that amused by Jenny's remark.

Jenny decided to try and cheer her up by doing the very thing they were discussing.

"Anyway, uhm, all this talk of pee has made my bladder crave some attention. Do you mind?", she asked.

"No, not really, I mean, it's your apartment so...", Sharon said.

"Pee with me!", Jenny exclaimed.

"Nah, I don't really have to go. I went at home before leaving.", Sharon responded.

"Oh okay. Well... Then watch me, okay? I want to try something", Jenny said and pointed to her newly acquired glass table.

Jenny stood up, started unbuckling her belt and then completely removed her pants and panties

.

"Okay, watch this", Jenny said and sat down on the table as if sitting on a toilet.

Slowly a puddle of pale-yellow pee started forming around her butt before it flowed over the edge and drenched the carpet at her feet.

"Oh, gosh, this is warm. Mmm, feels good", Jenny moaned, her eyes closed.

Meanwhile, Sharon's lust had gotten the better of her. She was wearing a skirt and it didn't take more than a few seconds before her hand was caressing her pussy through her panties.

"I wish I could pee that much right now", she said.

Jenny again focused on her friend and said, while smiling from cheek to cheek, "well, look who has awaken!"

At this moment Sharon's finger touched her clit in just the right way and a spurt of pee lasting for a few seconds escaped her lips, soaking her panties and the cushion below her in the process.

"Oh, goodness. I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that.", Sharon said surprised by her own body.

"Oh, it's been peed on before, I assure you", Jenny said, "just finish what you started. I want to watch".

"Okay, but I'm not sure I've got anymore. Maybe if I just do this again.", Sharon said and touched herself in the same way as before.

And soon thereafter she managed to start a spurt again, this time lasting longer as she focused on keeping it going. She peed for a solid seven seconds, but then there was no more.

"Gorgeous!", Jenny exlaimed, "so hot!"

"Yeah, I-, look at what you've made me do", Sharon said, giggling, "I masturbated to my best friend peeing on her glass table and then I peed my panties on her couch".

"And I loved it! I want you Sharon. I want to taste you!", Jenny said as she sat down next to Sharon.

The two girls looked each other in the eyes. Sharon felt fiery hot, her nipples as hard as they'd ever been, her pussy tingling with excitement. And then Jenny went for it - a deep, passionate kiss - and Sharon returned the favour.

After several moments of passionate kissing, Jenny moved down to Sharon's neck and then started taking off Sharon's shirt. The bra went off too.

Sharon was in heaven, moaning in delight as Jenny caressed her breasts.

A little while later, Jenny moved further down and slid off Sharon's wet, glistening panties revealing a cleanly shaven pussy.

Immediately, Jenny's head was between Sharon's legs, her tongue reaching just the right places. Jenny could taste a tiny bit of pee, but it was a pleasant taste. Sharon was panting and moaning, obviously loving every second of it. It wasn't long before she exploded in multiple orgasms and let herself fall back against the couch, satisfied.

"I've never had an orgasm that felt so good... Thank you Jenny", Sharon said and kissed her on the lips.

Jenny giggled and smiled, "looked like you definitely enjoyed yourself, it seems!".

"Listen, if you're still feeling a bit weird about this whole peeing thing, maybe we should find out more. I'm off work tomorrow, what about you? How about we visit the local library tomorrow afternoon and try to hunt down some books on the subject of fetishes?", she asked.

"Sure, okay. I have the day off too", Sharon responded.

"Great! And uh, excuse me, I just need to take care of something else", Jenny said referring to her aroused state of mind.

"Let me help you with that", Sharon demanded and she ended up spending the night at Jenny's.

