/the-indecent-life-of-a-member-of-high-society-part-4/39510/

The Indecent Life Of A Member Of High Society Part 4

6th January 2010, 03:53 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

A month or two now had went by. I bought my first car which was a new Cadillac. It was a very good car and it was fast for its dayand quite a sporty looking automobile. I had a red one which was one of my favorite colors. Mr. and Mrs. VanSchoonhoven both I had taken rides in it and they both liked it. In fact they added one in the families stable of cars.

Nowit became close to the time that I was going to take Lucy over to Europe for the summer. Mr. VanSchoonhoven was staying in the city. Mrs. Vanschoonhoven was going upsate to the summer cottage. I had to laugh as far as the summer cottage. It was a 20 room mansion! Oh well the family was righ so something that small was called a cottage. I was going to drive Mrs. VanScoonhoven up to the cottage before I would be leaving with Lucy to Europe.

It was a nice sunny warm day when I left with Lucy's mother to take her to the summer cotage. We took the Cadillac sporster that the family had bought.Mine was already on board the ship to go over on the Europe trip. Mrs. Van Schoonhoven rode up with me in the passenger seat and she was quite livley on this trip. Very talkitive as I sped over the road going 40 miles per hour.

The summer cottage was in Saratoga which many of the citys society had places there also. It was a 185 mile trip in its length. After several hours we were halfway between the cityand Albany NY we made a needed stop. One to stretch our legs, get a drink of fresh cold spring water, and Mrs VanSchoonhoven had to piss and so did I. The Cadillac by the way so far had performed flawlessly.

After walking around stretching our legs and taking a good drink from the spring both Mrs VanSchoonhoven walked into the woods a little ways to take our pisses. We both had to remove our long duster coats. In the early says of moroing a duster was needed for keeping the dust off from your good clothes so both of us had one on. I also wore a set of eye goggles which kept the dust out of my eyes. I had taken them off though now since we had stopped.

Now as we swere standing and Mrs. VanSchoon hoven took off her long duster coat she asked me if she could drive for a strtch of the trip. I told her if she wanted to that was fine with me. She smiled said thank you and she now gathered up her dress which I watched her as I unbutoned my uniform pants butons so I could get ready to piss. Once Mrs. VanSchoonhoven had gatheredup all of her dress and a single light looking white petacoat she wasn't wearing any pantaloons so I was again seeing her lovely pussy with allits glory and curled tightly brown pubic hair. My cock went into a full erection real fast. I smiled a little for i knew the Mrs would like seeing it erect!

I finished with the buton on my pants and pulled out my erect cok from them. I was right. Mrs VanSchoonhoven immeadiatly smiled. Still holding her gathered up dress and peticaot she stepped rght along side of me and eached right over and down and took my hard cock in her small hand. Then she said to me; You can help me this time. Will you pull my clit up so I can piss standing? I smiled and I then reached right overand placed a finger on the Mrs's clit pulled it open and also spraeded her ussy arart with two of my other fingers.

Standing side by side we both started to piss. I sent a pwerefull stream of piss which arced a great dstance through the air and came down seven feet or better splashing violntly off many leaves of a bush. The Mrs's started her piss off weakly only having her piss wet her curled pubic hair which matted right up and she had piss dripping along with a very short arced stream which wetted the ground just out in front of her polished black high leather black boots.

Then as her stream flowed harder its arc raised higher and it travled forward across the ground. Mrs VanSchoon hoven nwow seeing her streams movement giggled and said to me. Now I'm pissing! I smiled as I looked and told her she was. Afetre several seconds more her piss stream stopped its forward motion and stayed put. It also now hissed but softly. I was still hiting the bush with my piss and would untill just about to the near the end of my piss.

One thing that I started to do absent mindedly this time was that the finger that I had pulled up the Mrs's clit with I started to wiggle it just a litle massaging it as she went on with her piss. She didn't say anything about it but did not stop me either. I only became aware of it after the Mrs's stopped pissing and she told me which mad her piss that more enjoyable! The Mrs's piss stream slackened off just before mine did which hers came back faster then mine.

Then she rewetted her already wet pubic hair with more piss eneding with it dripping a lot with piss. I now had ened my piss but did finish off by sending out two good hard spurts of piss to finish up. Now Mrs VanSchoonhoven took her hand off from my erect cock and with her that hand she turned me towards her as she turned and faced me. Smilng as she spoke to me the Mrs's said to me first telling me like I stated above; That was nice what you had done with your finger while I pissed. I said back to her; What was I doing? Oh silly you were playing with my clit! I told her I wasn't aware that I was! That made her giggle a littel. Then she said I want more of that! But first I really neeed to be dried off. Do you dooral lick a womans pussy eve if there is piss all over it? I told the Mrs's that I would!

Then lets go back to the car the Mrs's said to me and she pulled me with my ock still outside my uniform pants right out to the car. She got up on the running board and sat down on the leather seat facing me. She already had her dress and peticoat pulled up and had her thighs wide open for me. Her pubic hair was still matted and wet and I only had to get down into a high squat lean in and start!

As I started licking her wet matted pubic hair the strong smell of piss was in my nostrills. I tasted its very salty taste of her piss on my tounge. I dug deeper into her pubiic hair with my tounge making contact on the skin parts of her pussy. The Mrs's started gigglng hard as I now licked away on all of her pussy and her clit. She also had reached down and shoved my head in further into her thighs and I felt then her thighs lightly clamp down on the sides of my head.

Afetr a good long several minutes of eating the Mrs's pussy she loosened her lightly clamped thighs off from my head pulled my head back with her hands. The Mrs's had enough at least that's what I thought. So I stood up. Mrs VanSchoonhoven said to me smiling; Come here darling! Step up on the runningboard would you please. I did. She tehn reached right out with her hands placed them on my hips pulled me forward and she took my erect cock right into her outh slipping her lips around it hard and started pumping and sucking away on it!

She sucked, licked, and made a lot of slurping noises as she gave me head. I got into it real fast and I started pumping my hips back and forth making it feel that much better to me. The Mrs's got me feeling really randy in a short time and then she stopped. She then stood up turned thearound raising up her dress and peticoat well up on her back. Lick my ass! She commanded. So not wanting to anger her or pass up this uppertuinity I did. But thius too was for a short time only.

The Mrs's then told me to stop and I did. She still kept her dress and petticoat pulled up o her back and she told me to fuck her up the ass! I moved right in holding my now throbbing cock and put it right on her small wet asshole. She pushed back as I pressed forward and my hard cock started sliding into and up ward in her very tight asshole! As my cock went in deeper I thought about what the russain stable hand had felt when I saw the Mrs and him in the stable and he fucked her her wonderfull tight asshole!

In moments the Mrs was in in toatla pleasure. She was gasping,moaning and letting out loud screams on each of her trusts and mine. She would also yell out,HARDER, FASTER, THATS IT, OH THAT FEELS SOOOO GOOD! It felt just as good to me too. Then the Mrs's told me to bang my ballsinto her too. So I thrusted real fast and hard which made my balls sway touching her asscheeks and that brought ut from the Mrs's another THATS IT!

Now with such a fast and furiuis pace and now having the Mrs's reaching down with one of her hands through her legs grabbing my balls and giving them a hard quick squeee when the swung into her ass I was going to come on real fast and cum! So I really went and sped up as fast and hard as I could go. When I felt that I was going to release I slammed into the Mrs's ass hard and styed stiffly hard pressed up against her ass.

The Mrs's gave my balls a hard long squeeze and I started shooting my cum now up into her quivering asshole which that made me cum that much harder! The Mr's screamed,gasped and shouted out loudly; KEEP CUMMING YOU BASTARD! KEEP CUMMING! I managed to cum hard and long doing many hard spurts of cum uo inisde her. Then I was one totally spent and I yanked back with the Mrs's lettinggo of my balls that she had been squeezing.

My cock came out of her asshole. There was some of my cum on it and the Mrs'sasshole was still slightly opened but was slowly closing back up and there was some of my cum oozing from it till it closed and the oozing cum slwly dribbled down in the crack of her ass reaching the botom end of her pussy and slowly dripped from it.

The Mrs's then stood up turned around and she then finished off bt sucking and licking all the cum ff form my now softneing cock! After finishing that Mrs VanSchoonhoven slipped my cock back inisde my pants buttoned them up and told me go get my duster. I had left it back in the bushes when we had pissed. I walked back picked it up and came back to the car.

The Mrs's was behind the wheel and had her duster on and a pair of goggles. She patted the passeneger sat I climbed up sat down pulled my goggles down ad we took off. As we started to take off the Mrs's told me gain thanking me and told me I had done again a great job. Then lastly she told me it wouldn't be long for another needed stop for she told me my cum wouldn't stay up inisde her long and I will get that ut of me along with that makes me have to do something else. I smiled and when we did make that needed stop it was lesss then a hour later. I got treated watching the Mrs's piss agan, take care of my cum and do the other she had mentioned which would happen. The second stop was well worth watching.

