Interesting Sales Stop (True Story)

23rd July 2009, 01:33 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Back in my junior year of highschool our class had a magizine sales drive for making money for our class. I had been out on this Saturday morning selling them. I was getting good results for I had made a good number of sales. I was making a loop as far as my route that I was taking that morning and I was comming back towards my starting point now so I had one house left to stop at.

This house was a small house which sat all by itself and I walked up to the front door and knocked. From inside came a girls voice and she said I'll be right there. So I waited. A short minute later the door opened and the girl opened the door only wide enough to look through. She asked me what I wanted. I told her my name and that I was selling magizines for our class in school.

For the school seemed to be the magic words for she stepped back openeing the door and she let me inside. Come on back with me to the kitchen. Don't mind the mess here in the house as we walked back to the kitchen she said to me. I just woke up a short tme ago she also told me for she was wearing a blue bathrobe and was walking barefoot too.

Now she was a young looking blonde which was worn straight and long. Once in the kitchen she told me to have a seat which I did sit down at the table. She went and poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down at the table with me. Then she offered me a cup of coffee. Pardon my manners she said to me. I should have asked you if you wanted one before I poured mine. I told her that was alright and I took her offer on the coffee.

She poured me a cup and she sat down again and I started my sales pitch for the magizines and showed her the booklet with the magizines we had to offer in our sales drive for our class. As she thumbed through the booklet she talked. She was interested in people in myclass. Did I know this person or that person. As she named people off I told her I did or didn't. As it wound up with her questions and conversation she would have been in my class but she dropped out getting married and she also had a baby girl.

We spent enough time so that she had drank three cups of coffee while I had just the one cup. I found out from her that also now she was seperated and living alone with her daughter. At least her husband she told me did support her very well so she was doing well but was just plain damned lonely! Those were her exact words too.

Durring the time too as we sat there at her kitchen table talking having coffee and she looking in the magizine booklets she was warmed by the caffine in the coffee. She took off her blue bathrobe and she had on a very sheer very like pink tedie nightgown with a matching pair of pink panties on under the pink teddie. She smiled at me when she did this and she asked me if I didn't mind. I told her I didn't and it sure was awful hard not to stare at her!

The reason was not to stare was that since the pink teddie was so sheer was seeing her pink panties so plainly through it that wasn't the main reason. Te reason was that she had not a bra on under the teddie! Her breasts could be also seen so easily through it! I could see them plainly which they were classic style breasts that came out to a point right at the nipples! Which they were only being stopped by the sheerness of the teddie from poking right out through the teddie!

She went on talking asking about how the sports teams were doing as far as the school and also would ask me about cetain teachers and staff at the school. I answred her the bes I could. She went on flipping pags in the magizine booklet as she talked. Then she did finish looking at the booklet and she told me she saw some magizines she owuld like to order. But I'll be right back she told me. She told me she had to piss! I coouldn't believe she would say that like that to a total stranger!

She got up from her seat at the kitchen table. She started walking out of the kitchen and into the connecting hallway between the kitchen and livingroom. I stared as she walked away. For now having her just wearing that pink teddie and matching pink panties under it the pink panties were bikini style and her ass wiggled as she walked heading towards the bathroom. Her ass was quite shapely too! The bikini bottom pink panties were tight and might ahve been a litle small too for I could see a few inches of her asscrack showing above the top of the pink panties!

She made a left turn halway down the hall through a open door. That was the bathroom. She didn't shut the door! I heard the toilet seat or lid being slammed either up or down. Then I heard a slight rustling sound of either her teddie or her pulling down her panties. Then I did hear her plop down on the seat rather hard.

Then from the bathroom before she started to piss she told me she would like to have a subcription to House and Garden. I grabbed my order form and checked of House and Garden. Then from the bathroom came a loud long fart which I heard clearly from the kitchen. The blonde quickly said excuse me for that one. I smiled but didn't sy anything back to her. Then from the bathroom came the sound of her pissing for she started to piss.

I heard the loud hiss of her stream along with the loud splash of her piss hitting the water in the toilet. This went on for several seconds and then she spoke up again to me. I would also like to get Parenting magizine also. I loked at my order form and checked that one off. Still from the bathroom came the same sounds of the loud hissing and splashing of her piss stream.

A few more seconds passed. Then she asked me she would like to get Womand Day for herself. I found that one and checked it off on the order form. Then came a longer silent pause except for her piss stream still was splashing and hissing loudly frm the bathroom. So Iasked her if that was it or did she want to order more magizines. From the bathroom she told me there was more but she would have to take a looka t my booklet again. I told her ok.

Then after which by this time it was a good 45 seconds I heard the sound of her hissing splashing piss stream in the toilet starting to fade. This took several more seconds longer which the hissing of her piss stream stopped but the splashing much softer still went on. Then I heard the splashing stop. Then she must have given a push to make sure she was done with her piss for I heard a short loud fart along with a short loud hiss and splash. She had done a single hard spurt to finish her piss.

Then there was silence for what I would say a good minute or more. I expected since she had finished she shoud have flushed the toilet and had come back out to the kitchen. She hadn't. Instead she spoke out from the bathroom. I need a favor she asked me with a unsure sound to her voice. What's that? I asked back from the kitchen. There's no toiet paper in here she said back to me. I left it in my daughters room last night. Can you get me some out from the closet in the hall? I got up and as headed for the hall I asked her which door was the closet.

The second one on the right she answered back from the bathroom. I reached the second door on the right of the hall and I opened it and there was rolls of toilet paper on one of the shelves. I grabbed it and sht the closet door and walked up the hall to the open bathroom door but stopped just ouside the ones die of the open doorway.

Here I'll hand it to you but I'll stay outside I said to her reaching my hand around the edge of the open door with the hand I held the roll of toilet paper in. Oh your such a doll! the blonde happily said back to me. As I stood there reaching in with the toilet paper in my hand I saw in the medicine cabinet mirior the blonde get up off from the toilet. Her pink panties were not on her! She had taken them off!

She quickly babystepped over to the side of the bathroom doorway and took the toilet paper from my hand. When she had stepped over to the side of the open doorway I was staring at her image in the mirror. Through her sheer teddie I could see some of her blonde pubic hair around all of her vagina which I could see through the teddie too!

Her pubic hair was short and curled except the hair under her vagina was matted together down into a point. That was where her piss had wetted it and matted it together. I only got a quick glimps too for she turned around immeadiatly bay stepped back over to the toilet which now I saw how nice her ass was without the baydoll pink bikini style panties

!

Then she sat down on the toilet seat and hurridly rolled off some toilet paper and she wiped herself quickly. I then stepped quietly away and quickl down the hall and back into the kitchen and had just sat back down in my seat when she came out from the bathroom and she had put the babydoll pink bikini pink panties back on.

Thank you so much for giving me the toilet paper she said to me first. I told her she was welcome. My face was stll a little red from embarrasment. That was from not giving her the toilet paper but watching her in the mirrior by staying and watching her. I was feeling a little guilty for doing it but also at the same time I was glad for my guilty pleasure!

Seeing my face as far as my cheeks were a little pink the blonde let out a little giggle. That embarrased you? she asked me. I told her ina way. That made her laugh a short loud laugh. You shouldn't be she went on saying to me. If I was a guy I woud have gladly done that! Now I had to laugh and I was back at ease again.

I asked her what other magizine she wanted. Oh she said back to me. I need one that has different articles on how to fix things. There are so many things that need fxing around here she said to me. I quickly thumbed through the magizine booklet and I asked her what things needed fixing. She replied many things! She went on and listed some of the items that nneded to be fixed.

Her pickup truck would not start,the tv was not working,a few light switches and wall plugs, and the bathroom sink was dripping she went on to say. I found a good magizine which would cover all the things that she said that weren't working so I told her the one and showed her it. She read the description and she told me she would take that one. So I checked it off. Then I took down her name and adress. Her name was Karen and I called her Karen from that point on while I finished up with her order.

Then with what needed to be done I told her that I could do some of the work that she had to have done. Could you? Would you! she asked me back very excitedly sounding tone in her voice. I told her I could and would do some of the needed work. That's great she replied back to me. I told her that I worked cheap. She laughed and said that was great too. I'm sure we can work that outr also.

She told me she wanted her pickup truck looked at first. Then the tv and then the rest of the things that neded fixing. She told me she had all of the needed tools here to use. My exes toolbox has every thing you need. she said to me. She got up and opened up one of the botom cabinents and lugged out a very large and heavy tool box. She opened it and there was many tools in it along with a electrical meter too.

So there was just about everything needed in the tool box. One thing missing was a tube tester for the tv but I had one so I would bring that when I would do the tv. She asked me if I could start right now. I smiled and told her no. But can you wait a little while. I can come back in a hour or two. That was fine with her. I got up to leave which from seeing her in her teddie setup, hearing her pissing, and seeing her in the bathroom mirrior when I handed her the toiletpaper I had a full hardon and still did now.

