A story I wrote for Needapee... that was a little too hardcore.

22nd July 2007, 03:01 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

Here's the second half of a story I wrote for Needapee.com "Rebekah Pee" that was a little too hardcore. I don't really know what inspired me. Maybe the devil made me do it. Anyway it is about experiences a guy has who goes off to college (Everybody in this story is college age or older). And this second part is about a wild party Samantha's mom, Bridget, is throwing. The first part of the story is titled "Student Life" and is on Needapee.com

Please forgive the mistakes since I never really wrote a final draft of this story. It just seemed to twisted by that point.

###

A red BMW came gliding up to the curb.

"Do you want to ride over with Maria?" Samantha asked. "Vicky's just staying for dinner, so we're taking two cars."

"Sure I agreed."

Maria climbed out and and I imediately had a lump in my throat. She was wearing a white pleated short skirt and a red blouse that showed off her lithsome body beautifully. Maria grinned excitedly and opened the passenger door for me. She pulled away from the curb so fast that I was pulled back into the seat. It was a little terrifying. Maria flashed me a smirk as we went flying out of town and into the hills careening around corners and just basically scaring the hell out of me. Finally she slowed and exited the main road onto a gravel driveway that wound it's way through dense evergreen woods. As we neared the house the road changed to concrete. There was a large parking area in front of the house and it was full of cars.

"Wow what a house!" I raved.

"It looks like a good turnout" Maria grinned. She bent over to get something out of the trunk and I felt a lump in my throat again. She wasn't wearing any panties! My heart beat hard.

At dinner I ended up sitting between Holly and Victoria. Holly was a young curvy blonde with big hips and a tiny waist. She left my breathless. She told me that she worked as a librarian and the brown slacks and white frilly blouse she wore seemed like something a librarian would wear. Victoria was a slim secretary dressed appropriately in a grey business suit that was strangely sexy on her. They were both dressed up a bit more than Vicky or Anna -- who just wore jeans and casual shirts. Samantha was the most casual of all in tight fitting medium length beige shorts and a white t-shirt.

The dinner was excellent. The servings were small, but that seems to be the way good food is.

When people were having coffee and cheese cake I excused myself to use the restroom.

"It's just down the main hall. The third door on the right." Vicky, who was already leaving, told me. Then she strangely offered "You can leave early, with me, if you like."

Puzzling over Vicky's offer I headed down the hall and was suprised to find a pretty woman, apparently wearing only a robe, waiting next to the bathroom door.

"Hi, I'm Patricia the mens bathroom attendant tonight." she smiled at me.

"I don't understand." I said.

"Well.." Patricia grinned "You could say that this bathroom has a urinal."

"That's okay.." I answered feeling pretty sure that I had misunderstood what she said, and not sure what she was implying. I headed into the bathroom, and locked the door behind me.

When I came out a guy was waiting outside and both Patricia and the guy went in together.

I heard music coming from the livingroom. I passed groups of people who were talking excitedly, and I headed for Anna and Samantha's mom, Bridget.

"Would you two like a quick tour of the house?" Bridget, asked Anna and me.

"Sure." We agreed. Bridget gave us a quick tour, and then, with a little mischeviousness in her eye, she asked "Would you like to see the basement."

Bridget led Anna and me down to the main large room in the basement.

"Well what do you think?" Bridget grinned devilishly.

"It's more of a dungeon than a basement." Anna commented looking wide-eyed at the paddles and whips hanging on the wall, the dungeon irons, and a bed centered against the back wall. The bed appeared to be a queen sized bed with what appeared to be a restraint system of two cuffs at the top of the bed and two at the bottom.

I walked over and checked the bed out.

"Wow that's wild." Anna said pointing at the bed.

"You want to try it?" Bridget grinned.

"No no no.. That's okay."

Anna walked over next to me and studied it. "Wow." she said under her breath. Anna gave me a terrified look then she studied the bed in a equally terrified manner. Then with sudden mix of giddiness and determination Anna rushed back over to Bridget, and cupping her hand she whispered something excitedly into Bridgets ear.

"Sure.." Bridget nodded grinning.

Anna whispered something again.

"Sure, no problem." Bridget nodded again.

Anna hurried back over to me, but this time she seemed much more interested in me than the bed. She was shaking slightly when she set her hand on my shoulder. She seemed both fearful and positively giddy at the same time. "Do you want to try it with me?" Anna asked in a near whisper.

"Okay.." I agreed slowly, not really sure about what I was getting myself into.

Suddenly Anna threw her arms around me and gave me an amazingly intimate full body hug.

Anna stepped back from me, kicked her shoes off, and called to Bridget "Quick, before I lose my nerve!"

I watched in stunned amazement as Anna pulled her blouse off over her head and two perfect small breasts bounced down from under it. Then my jaw almost dropped when she reached down unzippered herself, and pulled down her pants and panties. Standing back up I saw her raw hairy pussy framed by her full hips and tiny waist. She was obviously much more innocent than the girls in the porno mags with the shaved pussy's.

"Help me with the cuffs." Anna gasped to me as she climbed onto the bed. She laid down on her back, spread her legs and pussy wide open. I was a little shaky now myself, my penis bulging hard under my pants as I secured the cuffs around Anna's ankles and wrists. Bridget brought over a pair of blinders and carefully put them on Anna.

"Well?" Bridget asked.

I stood for a moment in shock feeling a little confused and overwhelmed.

"Well com'on, satisfy your wildest urges. Do with Anna as you like."

My heart pounded hard and my penis bulged harder but I found myself in a state of temporary paralisis.

"Ah com'on feel Anna's young firm breasts, her soft warm body, her hot wet trembling pussy." Bridget encouraged me before turning and walking out of the room.

Now we had a little more privacy. Nervously I reached forward and touched Anna's ankle -- she jerked hard and squealed delightedly in suprise. Her body trembled violently as I massaged her calfs, her thighs... I couldn't summon the nerve to touch her pussy so I ran my hands up around her hips, over her belly, and onto her breasts. Anna squirmed again when I touched her nipples. I massaged her arms, then I moved back down to her legs again. I stopped for a second to drop my jeans and release my swollen penis. Why not? We had privacy and Anna was wearing blinders.

I started to rub Anna's calves again then stopped to remove my shirt. I glanced around nervously than I reached for Anna's calf and received a satisfying squirm once again. This time I caressed her calves with a bit more passion and intimacy occasionally stroking my engorged penis with one hand as I massaged her leg with the other. It was a little ackward walking around with my pants around my ankles so I climbed onto the bed on my knees between Anna's spread legs and went back to massaging her hips. This time as I worked my way up her body I allowed my stiff penis to rub against Anna's calf and thigh.

"Oh hoh ho.." Anna gasped and moaned as I rubbed my penis on her leg while sucking on her nipple.

Supporting myself with one hand while my heart beat hard I leaned forward and kissed Anna softly on the lips while I carefully touched her pussy. "Ohhh!" she gasped. Quickly I was back down between her legs, my face close to her pussy as I touched, rubbed, and caressed Anna's hairy mound, pussy, and inner thigh. Then I decided to use my penis. First I caressed Anna's inner thigh with my penis, then her mound, and finally her pussy. First I touched the head of my penis to Anna's pussy lightly, then a little harder, then I pushed even harder, she was dripping wet but still extremely tight and it felt incredible as my penis in.

"Awww aw aw!" Anna gasped. "Oh oh OH OH OH!" she gasped and moaned as we began to fuck. "Uh UH UH!" I joined her as we began to fall into a forceful passionate rhythm. Mmmm.. satisfying my wildest urges sure felt good!!! My penis began to burn and then it seemed to explode as Anna began trembling vigorously underneath me.

We lay in that position for I don't know how long with our hearts beating hard against each other.

"God that felt good!" Anna said sweetly.

"Incredibly good!" I agreed kissing her softly on the lips.

I started to get up and I was startled to find that we were no longer alone. Bridget and a group of men were watching from the doorway.

I sat still for a moment on my knees then I took a breath, hopped off of the bed, pulled my pants up quickly and turned away from Anna to get my shirt. I was still in a daze and it seemed a little surrealistic when I realized that a guy was fucking Bridget from behind. Other guys entered the room and passed by me.

"Wh- woah-WOAH!" I heard Anna gasp loudly and I turned to see a guy on top of her fucking her HARD! He came quickly and soon another man took his place. I staggered out the door in confusion and started to head up the stairs. I strained to hear Anna's gasps and moans and wondered if I should do anything.

Music was playing in the livingroom and Maria and Victoria were dancing to the music swinging their hips in a provocative sexual way. I made my way past groups of people and pushed the kitchen door open and almost wet my pants. There was Holly squatting in the middle of the kitchen, her big butt inches off of the linoleum, taking a gushing pee that splashed loudly and was creating a huge puddle that was spreading in all directions. I ackwardly grabbed a bottle of beer off of the counter and exited fast.

I heard Maria's voice coming from the familyroom and I saw Maria with Victoria, and a girl named Amber, grinning perversely and watching a guy who had his large dick out and was peeing on the backside of a couch.

"So there I was driving like a hundred miles an hour having to pee like you wouldn't believe." Maria was explaining in a loud giddy voice to Victoria who swayed her hips to the music.

"I come screeching up and park my car on the road and literally run for my apartment. I was so sure that I was going to pee my pants at any moment. I'm like fumbling for my keys and I go bursting into my apartment. Somehow I get my pants down without peeing them first, and the moment I sit down I take this incredibly huge powerful pee. And it must have lasted for at least five minutes. You know how I have a super sensitive clit that's just this unbelievably sensitive bundle of nerves, well I was like experiencing multiple orgasms as I peed. And then, just when I had barely finished, and was wiping myself with a tissue, I hear the doorbell ring and I totally froze."

Holly rushed past me squealing as a guy playfully chased after her.

Maria paused for a second and grinned at Holly " I swear I almost had a fucking heart attack! Here I am going "Fuck! fuck!" -- sitting on the edge of the coffee table and looking at this big soaked spot on the carpet!"

The guy caught up with Holly, wrapped his arms around her and pulled her towards him. Holly giggled hysterically and almost wiggled free from him before he pulled her pants all of the ways down, exposing a hairy pussy -- that I found incredibly gratified to see. He had her shirt up next and her bra loose. Under her bra I caught a glimpse of some large brown nipples. I felt a huge lump in my throat as I watched him actually begin fucking her HARD as she leaned against a table.

"So what did you do?" Victoria asked anxiously. She seemed only vaguely aware of Holly being fucked.

Maria smirked perversely, at the two, then turned back to Victoria "Well I pulled my pants back up and slowly headed for the door. When I peeked through the peep hole I almost burst out laughing! It was a couple of Johovah Witness men in suits." Maria grinned ear-to-ear "So I just snuck back to my room and waited until they left."

Holly and the guy were now orgasming. He moved off of her and a second man took his place.

Victoria had her hand down her grey suit pants and she appeared to be stroking herself as she watched. Then suddenly, to my gratification, she yanked her hand out of her pants and in a rush had her pants down so that I could see her raw hairy pussy. She set a hand on the back of the couch and squatted and peed powerfully onto the carpet.

I headed down the hall towards the bathroom and I was a little relieved to see that the door was slightly open and Patricia, the "mens restroom assistant", was not waiting outside. I shoved the door open -- and almost peed my pants! Patricia was kneeling butt ass naked on the floor next to the toilet, a man was standing in front of her with his penis in her mouth, and she was GULPING!!

"Ahhhh.." The man sighed "That feels better." He flashed me a grin.

Patricia pulled his penis out of her mouth licked the last few drops off of it before tucking it back into his pants. "May I help you?" Patricia asked looking at me.

"No thanks." I assured her. I stepped out of the bathroom and stood in the hall a little confused.

The man came out of the restroom with Patricia followed behind him.

"Oh god I've gotta pee." Patricia told me. She leaned her rear against the wall, squatted, and the next thing I knew she was peeing on the carpet. She left a wet spot that tapered to a point against the wall, and I noticed several more spots like it in the hall.

I started to head back towards the familyroom in a daze then stopped realizing that I was now getting urgent to pee. There was a door to my left. I pushed it open and flipped the lights on. It appeared to be an office. I carefully closed the door, urgently unzipped myself, aimed at the wall, and peed powerfully for what must have been minutes. It was an incredibly relief! And somehow the thought that I'd just peed on the wall and carpet gave me a dirty thrill.

I studied the soaked carpet for a few minutes with satisfation then headed out of the room, flipping the lights off as I went, and closing the door behind me

I could hear Maria, in the familyroom, telling another story in a loud giddy voice and I rushed to hear.

"So I'm sitting there with my eyes closed and suddenly this hot wet blast hits me right in the center of the face! I open my eyes for a second and I realize that -- oh my god -- this guy is pissing in my face!" Maria was explaining to Anna, who had made back up from the basement but was still naked except for her shoes.

"And he must have really needed to go because he was really blasting me. And then the next thing I know I've got piss splashing in my hair. Before I know it guys are pissing and cumming on me from all directions! They totally drenched me."

"Did you swallow any of it?" A tall slim blonde asked.

"Yeah, but it's not easy drinking piss. I could only drink so much. And when the shoot was finally finished the cameraman of course has to came over and piss in my face and hair too. And I'd thought that it was just going to be a regular bukkake scene!"

Samantha and Anna laughed raucously.

"It was one of the most profitable videos mom ever made." Samantha grinned.

I headed back to the kitchen for a beer. The kitchen floor was just one big puddle with tissues scattered around. I opened the refrigerator and was suprised to find it empty except for one beer which I grabbed.

Samantha ran into me as I was leaving the kitchen. "Hey stud, how are you doing?"

"Pretty good." I nodded. Samantha wrapped her arms around me and cuddled affectionately. "And really good now!"

I was enjoying the hug when suddenly Samantha pushed me back and broke free of the hug. Before I knew what was happening her hands were down on my pants roughly unzipping me and pulling my dick out.

"Where have you been hiding?" Samantha asked as she began squeezing and pulling on my dick.

"I've been around."

"Well I've missed you." Samantha said sweetly as she pulled on my dick so hard that it hurt.

A guy came up behind Samantha and set a hand on her shoulder. His dick was out and hard. She responded by letting go of me and pulling her shorts down. The next thing I knew he was butt fucking her from the back. A second guy stepped in and shoved his hard dick into her pussy so that she was now being fucked by two guys at once.

My penis was hard as a rock when I shoved it down into my pants and I was suddenly feeling a strange sort of sexual frustration as I hurried towards the family room. But another guy had already beaten me to Anna and was fucking her doggy style on the floor. Maria watched with an expression or perverse delight on her face.

I slid around behind Maria so that I brushed against her, then I reached around her, set my hands on her breasts, and pulled her against me, my rock hard penis snuggled up against her tight but shapely little rear. Maria's heart pounded hard under my hand and I snuggled my cheek against hers before kissing her softly. I couldn't resist sliding my right hand down her body and then under her skirt where I messaged her inner thigh.

Carefully I slid my fingers under her panties and began exploring her hairy pussy. Maria pressed her rear harder against my now, almost painfully engorged penis. I pulled my hand out of her panties, undid the two buttons holding my shirt on, tossed it aside, and began frantically fumbling to undo the buttons of Maria's blouse. In my haste I actually popped a few of the bottom buttons off. I tossed her blouse aside and moved around in front of her as I removed her bra. She had medium sized brown nipples and I couldn't resist kissing the one over her pounding heart.

In a single move I had Maria's skirt around her ankles. Then I undid my own zipper and dropped my underwear and jeans down around my ankles. Maria kicked her skirt and panties free and actually turned like she was going to run! I ackwardly chased after her and pulled her trembling body back towards me. My penis actually made contact with her dripping wet pussy and my imagination went wild considering her clitoris which she'd described as an unbelievably sensitive bundle of nerves.

"Awww!" Maria gasped and I felt a warm wet spurt on my penis. Maria stumbled forward and caught herself on the back of a couch and I reached down and guided my penis forcefully into her soaking wet tight pussy. She squeeze hard and I pushed hard and deep, my penis alive with feeling.

"Uh uh uh!" I fought orgasm as my hands felt her breasts, her nipples, her pussy. Then I lost all self control and half passed out as I exploded violently inside of Maria in a mind numbing orgasm. Her body trembled intensely and Maria and I collapsed onto the couch.

"Oh god, you can fuck me any time you want." Maria moaned.

I slowly slid my penis out of Maria's pussy and helped Maria up. Maria turned around wrapped her arms around me and we kissed intimately on the lips.

I pulled my pants back up and watched as Maria, supporting herself with the couch, squatted and took a pee on the carpet. Looking for my shirt I noticed a man peeing on Maria's skirt and panties. Maria just looked at me, grinned, and shrugged her shoulders.

Shirtless I wrapped my arms around Maria and hugged her naked body against my own. Her nipples were hard and I was amazed by how good it felt to have her body against mine.

Maria led me by the hand around the long couch where a slim brunette had a couple of cushions seperated and was giggling as she peed into the couch. But I wasn't interested in that girl. We sat down on the couch and I wrapped an arm around Maria and cuddled her close. There were drinks lined up on the coffee table in front of us and we each took one and began sipping. I don't know what the drinks were but after a few drinks things became a blur.

The next thing I knew I was waking up in my dormitory room with my arms wrapped around Maria.

Maria awoke and we cuddled and kissed."Wow, that was a crazy party last night."

"Yeah, Bridgets parties are dangerous." Maria grinned.

"What a mess."

"Naw, she has a fetish service that will be cleaning up today."

Maria looked over at the clock. "This is probably a good time for me to get out of here -- if I don't want to get caught." She jumped out of bed and pulled on sweatpants and a sweatshirt. "I borrowed them from Samantha." Maria explained. She opened my door, looked up and down the hall, and she was gone.

On my dest, written on a piece of paper, was her phone number and address, together with a note; "I'm seeking a roommate".

