Adam pissing on Eve? a true story

14th May 2015, 03:14 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Adam and Eve Tv dating program

Have any of you heard about these new Tv formats that are being sold now? In several countries already it is showing on the «tellie.'

Several countries in Europe, Australia etc. Some of the broadcasted programs you can view it on the webpages of some the Tv stations. If you are checking, google for Adam searching for Eve or Adam looking for Eve. It is true, not kidding google it for yourselves.

The setting is a tropical island and the candidates must be single and willing to be completely nude on the first date. First the first person washed up on the island and an hour later the other person swims to the island from a raft nearby. They get acquainted, playing some games and sleeping together in the open hut under the palm trees. The next day another candidate washes up on shore. If the first person is male, than the 2nd and a day later the 3rd person are female and the male has to choose between the 2 of them after playing some games and conversations.

In a next broadcast with other candidates a week later the first person is female and the 2 next persons are male and the female has to choose between the 2 of them. Actually it is very exciting to see, nothing is censored and everyone is in full birthday suit on Tv, occasionally an erection here and there and the TV cameras do not shy away from a little action. At nigh a little privacy is given but occasionally a sound or a conversation can be heard and in many cases they fuck themselves silly. After selecting the person you like to continue with they then proceed to set up dates in the resort with clothes on.

I heard from one of the male candidates who is a friend of a friend the following story:

The crew hardly told me anything what was going to happen but I had to figure it out for myself.

After I came on the island I did not know exactly what to expect. I laid in the sand near the shore line, enjoying the sun and the sound of the ocean and trying not to get a hard on thinking what lies ahead of me, don't forget, the crew is always a stone throw away with camera's pointed at you.

I saw this gorgeous girl rising up out of the sea, stark naked and walking up to me, I squeezed my arm to see if I wasn't in a dream somehow. She looked shy but was unable to cover up her breast and pussy at the same time so she just let it go. I sat up and raised my knees to hide my starting hard on. I was able to control it a short while later. She came up to me and told me her name, Paula it was. One arm across her chest and the other pointing at me in order the shake my hand. Confusing I said because my name is Paul but we stuttered a bit and walked up towards the hut for a drink and getting acquainted. The conversation was a bit sloppy and shy and we did not know what to talk about believe it or not. She was nice, very nice looking but her lack of self-confidence and shyness was a problem.

The camera crew told me that they were going to take a break so we could get into a deeper conversation and when we were ready they would pick the filming up again. They packed up their stuff and moved away to another hut several hundred yards away.

I sat down in the sand but she preferred to stand nearby, still trying to cover her pussy a bit and fidgeting with her legs crossing them over each other. Suddenly I saw from behind her hand a starting stream; she was peeing and could not stop it. Her face was in panic, pee streaming down her leg and over her hand.

She started to weep a bit and told me many apologies for this, she could not be helped, she had a weak bladder and when she is nervous she sometimes let go. That is why all of her previous relationships failed because the boyfriends she had had before all were disgusted with it. She had come here to try to get over it but if I would be disgusted as well she would understand and she would leave the show, she thought it be a bad idea anyway. I felt so sorry for her; I understood she might have been bullied about it because it might have happened in school occasionally too when she was younger. I comforted her and told her that I was not disgusted at all and that I thought it to be a normal behavior in certain situations. She eased up a bit, walked to the ocean to wash off.

She walked back over and wanted reassurance of what I had just said. I decided to take a risk and told her that she should even try to enjoy it a bit, no point being upset if you can enjoy it. I certainly don't have a problem with it.

She said, »Sure, easy for you to say, enjoy it, so if it is so enjoyable, show me how it feels if it happens to you!»

I decided to take a chance and asked her not to be shy and look at my cock that was fighting to show up upwards between my legs while I was sitting down. I let go and peeing all over my legs and up to my belly button. «See nothing to it!» I said. She gave me a faint smile and looked away after I had finished. After refilling the drinks, and they did have a bit of alcohol in it we continued to talk and the conversation became more relaxed.

After a while she asked me if she could now pee on purpose and if I would mind. I told her to go ahead and she spread her legs a little and I could see the approximate place where the stream would erupt from. She peed and good stream dribbling down her legs and she looked down and pulled her pubic hair up a bit and she was now peeing in front of herself.

I stuck out my hand and held a few fingers in the stream and told her «See, nothing dirty about it, I am not upset at all, see how enjoyable it can be, nothing too it!» I looked her in the eye to see her reaction and started to lick my fingers. I had never done this but I wanted to make her feel comfortable as much as possible since she had been bullied and dumped about this problem I really wanted to show her the opposite.

She had gasped and after the initial surprise she smiled and suddenly it was a whole different girl, not shy anymore and now we really started talking. No not about sex yet or what we just did, but about our lives and work.

The crew came back from break and asked how we were getting along and started filming again. It was a wonderful day and we were getting along just fine. That night way went to bed but I made some changes because I had some plans for the night and did not want the mattress to become dirty. I had cooked dinner earlier, I had caught a fish, and grilled it on the open fire and of course we had the necessary drinks that had some rum in it.

When we were lying in bed I could notice that she had some plans as well, the way she was looking at me, the crew had left so we were all alone.

I asked her to dare just to pee in the bed and tell me how it felt; the bed was now made only with palm leaves and a sheet on it that I could rinse out in the ocean.

She laughed and could not stop laughing and because of that pee was flying everywhere. Me sitting up next to her and I just could not hold it anymore, bending over I was trying to catch what I could with my mouth. She really started to enjoy it and pointed her pussy at my mouth in order for me to drink from her. I wanted to see her reaction so with a mouthful a moved my face up to her mouth in order to kiss her and she rewarded me with a good French kiss. Wow! So incredible sexy it was. I wanted to return the favor and asked if she was ready for my waterfall.

We had laid down next to each other, her head on my arm next to my face. We both looked towards my cock which was pointed up. I started to pee and pushed a bit and pointed the stream towards my own face, opening up my mouth and hit target! I then pointed the stream at her face and she also took it and swallowed. We started kissing and while we were kissing the stream kept going hitting us both in the face.

We filled up a few more times and repeated the pissing party and we made love after that. The Crew even thought of putting a basket of condoms near the bed, believe it or not. We woke up close to noon time when the crew came in and told us that it was time to start filming again. They looked at us, and already I could see on their face and the way they were twisting their noses that they knew what had happened that night. Time to take a swim and get cleaned up.

While we were taking a stroll on the beach hand in hand, waiting for something to happen and the crew following us we saw another «Eve' swimming towards us. Paula did not look to comfortable and became her old shy self again. I told her not to worry, I would stay with her, and nothing could separate us.

The new woman looked also very nice, dark skinned, later we learned her father was Asian and her mother African, and with a big smile stood up and came over. She introduced herself as Vera.

Very puzzled what to do next we were told by the crew to walk up to a rock nearby and behind it look for a book with instructions. I was given a chance to take Vera to the dining hut and talk with her about her expectations, her work etc. I saw tears in the eyes of Paula but gave her a kiss to reassure her not to worry.

However, I was not so sure, because the new lady Very was even more gorgeous and not shy at all. That was going to be a difficult choice!

Vera had asked right away if I was already taken because it looked like that way. I was honest about it and told her about the wonderful night we had but not mentioning the pee play of course, not getting into details.

She said that she just came out of a relationship but that was with a woman. She believed she was bisexual and was ready to try a relationship with a man. You can believe my fantasy went haywire...

After the 1 hour «date' Paula joined us and it was now them two to have a conversation so I was the one to leave and had decided to try to catch a few fish for dinner that evening.

After I indeed was successful to catch some a walked back towards them and saw how they just rounded up their conversation and ending it with a big hug and even a kiss on the mouth. Yep, trying to hold down my cock was going to be a problem again in front of the camera's for sure!

The ladies had to get into a competition with each other, all sorts of games, digging up some things and making a neckless out of it etc. Not sure what the point was of these games because it wasn't «the winner gets to sleep with me' I supposed to make a choice the next day between them.

We had a nice evening, I steamed the fish this time, and we had rice and some salsa and a few beers.

Paula and I went back to bed we had soiled up the night before and Vera went in the next hut which was only a few feet away, that is how we decided anyway.

Not much privacy but we did not care. Paula crawled on top of me and let go, she told she had saved up for a few hours. Quickly I had moved down under her in order to catch some of it in my mouth, I believed that now I was addicted to the pee fetish. Of course I returned the favor by spraying her from head to toe and wetting her hair dripping wet.

I suddenly heard some nose and a voice asking us from a few feet away what that smell was, the wind was her way and she thought she could smell the toilet. We started to laugh and Vera walked in and saw the whole picture in front of her. Big smile on her face. She told that she likes this also and had confided in Paula earlier about her love of pee sex., She did not care, she had nothing to lose, because she believed not having a chance anyway to come between Paula and me.

Paul invited her to join us because she said that she was sure I would not mind.

Vera laid down on our already soaking bed and wanted to show us her skills. She threw her legs up in the air and let lose, peeing in her own face and Paula went wild licking her face and spitting the acquired drinks from her mouth into my mouth. Lucky me!

After her lovely performance I had to return the favor and pissed no both women, trying to make sure they got equal amounts. I never felt so lucky in life as then. We had a very wet night and made love to both of them and squirted my cum a bit in each of their mouths and after I was exhausted! The ladies then took turns on each other. For Paula it was a new experience but she enjoyed it very much she told later.

In the morning after not having much sleep, we hurried to clean the place up, wash the sheet in the ocean and pretend nothing happen by the time the crew came in. I told the girls not knowing what to do, I loved them both, I just could not choose between them.

Paula, shy Paula once, came up with the solution, it did not matter she said, choose either one and when the filming is over we can meet again, it does not have to be over, maybe all three of us can live together?

So for the Tv, I choose Paula, Vera was send home but after Paula and me returned back home, it was a matter of hours before Vera joined us and we have lived together now already for the last 6 months.

O so lucky me, I can say we have a very nice and wet relationship, believe it or not!

I hope you enjoyed the story, love to hear some feedback on this.

