Lisa's college dares (A roleplaying fantasy - join in!)

10th September 2005, 06:43 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I've written several versions of "Lisa's College Dares". It's a roleplaying story that I stole from somebody else who stole the idea from an earlier story posted on the internet.

If you are curious about how roleplaying works, then check out the "Lisa's College Dares" version I posted at Literotica.com (Link below)

%http://www.literotica.com:81/forum/...t=287454&page=1

###

LISA'S COLLEGE DARES

Psychology 300 (Human Sexuality) was my favorite University course. For one thing the professor, Ms Bardoeux, was a slightly voluptuous gorgeous brunette in her early thirties who like to wear provocative clothing. For another the class was supposed to be "hands on". In fact the very first day of class several girls came over hugged, cuddled and kissed me. Just about every day one of the girls in the class would sit on my lap and cuddle and kiss with me during the lecture. And I really didn't mind!

We'd just finished the first part of the course which covered basic sexual intercourse and Ms Bardoeux had instructed us to choose our first project. Some students opted to do written reports while others asked to do "hands on" projects.

"Mr Walker, would you like to share with the class your idea for your human sexuality project?"

"Yes," I answered, ".. my roommate is going to be at band camp for the next week and a half and I feel that this would be a good opportunity for me to become more comfortable with my sexuality." I paused feeling a little nervous "And I'd like to sleep with a different girl in this class each night of the week."

"And that would include sex?" Ms Bardoeux asked.

"No, not necessarily, but we would sleep together."

"Very good!" Ms Bardoeux complimented "I approve." Then she asked Lisa to share her idea for a project with the class.

"I love new experiences and being pushed to the limit." Lisa began. "And I've always had a fantasy about taking sexual dares..." Lisa paused. She seemed to be enjoying looking around the room at all the guys bulging pants.

"So here's my idea." Lisa smirked "I want to push my comfort envelope by fulfilling public sexual dares that you'll vote on at the end of each class." Lisa seemed to take a perverse pleasure in the shock and fear that must have been evident in our faces. "Don't worry." she reassured us giddily "This is a progressive University town!"

"Go on Lisa." Ms Bardoeux nodded.

"Well, on the first day you will give me three dares. And on each of the following days you may modify or eliminate any of the original dares and add a new one. If the dares aren't modified or eliminated they will run for the remainder of the week."

"Excellent Lisa, excellent!" Ms Bardoeux complimented. "I approve!"

###

Lisa was definitely one of the cutest girls in the class. She was a cute little blonde only about 5 feet 2 inches tall but she was a gymnast and she had the nicest looking hips, and firm but shapely body.

It was Monday morning and Lisa was sitting in the front of the class she looked a little flushed and couldn't really hide her nervousness even though she sat and smiled.

"Okay time for Lisa's dares" Ms Bardoeux announced. "Who is going to volunteer the first dare.

A cute but shy little girl in the back started giggling.

"Yes Mary, do you have a dare?"

"Okay.." Mary started then giggled a little more "How about...how about I dare... I dare her to kiss 10 boys that she doesn't know!"

"Good! Thank you Mary." Ms Bardoeux complimented.

Lisa shrugged her shoulders and smirked seemingly saying "Nothing to it!"

"Oh, I've got one!" Stephanie said raising her hand."

"Yes Stephanie?"

"Lisa I dare you to only use the boys bathroom."

Lisa gave a slightly bored look, "Sure.." she said.

"C'mon you guys!" Deb laughed.

"Very good!" Ms Bardoeux ignored Debs remark " And one more..? Deborah do you have one to add?"

Deb grinned "I dare you to spend the whole day naked!"

Lisa noticeably squirmed in her chair. The room was absolutely silent then Joe said "allright!" and everybody clapped.

"Excellent!" Ms Bardoeux nodded. "Lisa shall we begin?"

"Oh god.." Lisa said giving Deb a dirty look. Deb was grinning ear to ear.

"But I get to wear shoes! And carry my backpack!"

"You can even wear socks" Deb laughed "Or pantyhose...provided that they don't come any higher than mid thigh!"

"Sounds fair." Ms Bardoeux agreed.

"Okay, but I've got to go pee first!"

"Lisa remember the rules! You can pee but you have to be naked and you have to use the guys restroom." Ms Bardoeux reminded her.

"And you can kiss some boys when you're in there!" Deb teased.

Lisa took a deep breath then pulled off her shirt tossing it on her backpack. Then she kicked off her shoes and stood up and ackwardly unzipped and kicked off her pants. I could see that she was actually shaking a little. She had on white lacy underwear that she seemed awfully reluctant to remove.

"Okay guys, get your jolly's!" Lisa said turning towards the wall and removing her bra. She turned back with her hands still over her breasts. "You didn't say I couldn't cover myself!" Lisa protested. She turned back away and pulled her panties down. But not without exposing her pussy, at least from behind! I thought I detected a little wetness!

"Here goes nothing!" Lisa muttered running out of the class while covering her pussy with one hand and her breast with her arm and other hand.

My heart was pounding like crazy but I couldn't resist. I jumped up and followed her out of the class. She ran down the empty hall with me chasing, into the guys restroom, past a couple of guys at the urinals and into one of the stalls.

"God damn, what was that?!" one of the guys asked me.

"Just a psychology project" I grinned.

"Say waa?" the other guy asked.

"Just some public dares she has to take." I explained

"Right-on!" the guy laughed.

We were waiting anxiously outside the stall door when another guy came in and headed for one of the urinals.

"Sshhh." I put my finger to my lips.

Suddenly the toilet flushed and the door swung open causing me to almost literally have a heart attack. There was Lisa totally naked with both breasts fully exposed, her big brown nipples pointing proudly, and her hairy pussy looking a little wet a dripping.

Lisa immediately threw her arms around one guy almost knocking him back into the wall and kissed him right on the lips! Then she did the same to the other, and me!! She was trembling but she was warm and soft her kiss was excellent and the feeling of her bare hard nipples against my chest was wonderful!

She let go of me and I watched in a daze as she rushed towards a totally shocked guy who had turned from the urinal and was still holding his dick in his hand. Lisa embraced him with a bear hug and a full kiss.

Then she released her hold just as suddenly and rushed out.

"God, I think I peed on her..." the dazed guy muttered.

"Holy shit!" the guy next to me exclaimed. "What class are you in?"

"Human Sexuality."

"Now that's a class I've got to take." he grinned as we headed out the door and caught a glimpse of Lisa ducking back into the psychology class.

I headed back into the classroom where Lisa was rushing around kissing guys.

"That's ten!" Lisa exclaimed stuffing her clothes into her backpack, and putting on her shoes before rushing out the door.

I could hear laughter outside and looking out the window I caught a glimpse of Lisa streaking across campus. But my attention was drawn away by the feel of a girls soft touch on my arm.

"I'd like to come over tonight.." Deb purred.

"Wanna meet at the dining hall for dinner around six?" I suggested

"Six it is!" Deb smiled and kissed me tenderly on the cheek.

###

This story is "open" and anybody may join in. However it's probably a good idea to introduce your character so that people reading the story don't get confused.

And the most important roleplayer, that we need, is "Lisa". And I think she would be played best by a female writer. So if you are a girl and you'd like to play Lisa, than please join in!

