The Start of Tina's Career, Chapter 4: Day 1, Mary's Perspective

19th April 2012, 11:13 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Mary was anxious, waiting for the doorbell to ring. Today was day one of the video shoot that her husband, George, had set up to be shot at their home. The production company, Wet Pants Productions, produced some of their favorite pee porn. While they didn't shoot golden shower scenes, at least not yet, they did do a nice job filming wetting, indoor solo, and outdoor scenes. Mary was ecstatic that she would be able to see some models pissing right in front of her, in her own house.

Tom, the producer/writer/director, and his crew were the first arrive, pulling up outside in a nondescript white van. Mary and George offered the crew some beverages and snacks, and then took them on a tour of the house. She listened with interest as Tom and the crew checked out the house, discussing ideas for the different scenes they wanted to shoot today. As the crew made themselves busy setting up their equipment and a wardrobe area, Mary approached Tom.

"Tom, do you mind me asking which girls you are going to be filming today?" she asked.

"Not at all Mary. We have Tamyra, Becky, Jenny, Jessie, hmm, I think Tia is supposed to be here, and there's a new girl coming, a blonde, I think her name is Tina." Mary stared at him blanky. Tom, realizing the reason for her confusion, clarified himself. "Tamyra is the tall black girl, you might know her by her stage name Violet. Jenny and Jessie are twins and go by the names Janey and Josie, Tia calls herself Asia, and Becky's stage name is Rachel."

"Awesome, thanks!" replied Mary. "Those are some of my favorites!" This was partially true. Violet was an ebony goddess, and possibly Mary's all time favorite pissing porn performer. Rachel was another favorite, and she really liked Asia as well. She really wasn't a fan of Janey and Josie, however. She always found them to be a little too slutty. Still, she was thrilled to be able to see any of them pissing themselves right in front of her.

Mary was excited each time the doorbell rang, greeting, in turn, Jenny and Jessie, Becky, Tamyra, and Tia. The final girl to ring the doorbell was Tina. Mary was shocked when she laid eyes on the blonde beauty, finding her to be as beautiful as Tamyra. "Hi, you must be the new girl Tom was telling me about," she said as she invited her in, realizing that she had a new object for her fantasies.

Mary was excited to learn that Tina would be starring in the first scene. While the blonde beauty was getting ready, Mary went to Tom to find out what scenario the new girl would be acting. The scenario was a common one: the girl was locked out of the bathroom, a scenario Mary had seen countless times in videos. More interesting to Mary, however, was the fact that Tina hadn't done anything like this before, and apparently found the idea somewhat disgusting. How would the girl act? Would she look disgusted? Would she be able to play it off successfully? Mary really hoped that the scene would lead Tina to discover a new fetish, but knew that the odds were against it. As long as Tina was able to give a good wetting, however, Mary would be happy.

Mary was instantly impressed as the scene began, as it was obvious that Tina had legitimate acting talent. She had seen this type of scene done countless times, but this was the first time an actress really appeared upset and anxious that she was locked out of the bathroom. If she hadn't known any better, Mary would have sworn that the girl really needed to get through that locked door.

Watching Tina squirm, there in her house, was really turning Mary on. She inserted her hand down her pants as she watched Tina act out the part, fingering herself while enjoying the show. Soon Tina began to flood her tight, white shorts, and Mary was pleased to see that the blonde was not wearing any panties, as her the beautiful pussy was revealed inside them. The sight of the beautiful blonde flooding her shorts, causing them to become see-through, was too much for Mary, and she started to cum. She deliberately released the contents of her bladder as she came, and the hot flow of her golden stream soaking her hand and running through her fingers turned her on even more. The feeling as her hot piss ran down her legs added to her pleasure. She knew her husband had been turned on as well, alternating his gaze between the act hat Tina was putting on in front of everyone, and the actions of his wife beside him. It was no wonder that he had a raging hard on when it was all over.

The next scene did not started off near as well. Jenny and Josie were set up by the pool, and were apparently going to challenge each other to piss their bikinis. The twins desperately needed to take acting lessons from Tina, as they were very wooden when reciting their lines. Still, Mary did get somewhat turned when the girls began to wet themselves by the pool, her pool! Then Jenny shocked everybody by fingering herself, and Jessie soon followed. This turned Mary on a lot. She was surprised when George slipped his hand into her wet pants and started fingering her pussy, and decided to return the favor, reaching in his pants and stroking his dick. Soon after she began her second orgasm of the day, she felt George start his first, his sticky cum covering her hand.

Next came Becky and Tia in a holding contest in her living room. She watched and enjoyed seeing the pair soak their pants and her carpet. She couldn't believe how wonderful it was to have this movie filmed in her own house, and wondered, after watching three hot piss scenes in person, how any day could possibly get better. Fortunately for her, the next scene, the last one of the day, was absolutely amazing.

Tom had decided to do something much more daring than usual, and film a scene at the neighborhood park. Mary could see some anxiety building in Tamyra and Tina, as the thought of pissing themselves in such a public place must have been rather daunting. Mary, however, was thrilled by the idea, and she and George changed into clean, dry clothes for their trip to the park.

When they reached the park, she looked on with anticipation as the two beauties prepared for their scene. After waiting for a couple of people to clear from the park, the girls got into position, sitting on a bench, with their skirts pulled up and their legs spread. Mary was standing next to George when the cameras started rolling, and soon after the two girls started to wet themselves. Mary loved watching the dark wet spot start to form on their panties, and the streams of piss fall from their panties. She and George held hands, excited by the action in front of them.

Mary was, again, in for another wonderful surprise. Tamyra pulled her panties aside, sending a huge arc of piss flying through the air. Upon seeing this, Tina followed suit, and the pair were each sending out a beautiful fountain of piss.

Mary could hardly contain herself. If they had been anywhere other than at a park, the middle aged beauty might not have been able to resist placing herself at the end of fountains, drinking and getting showered by Tina's and Tamyra's piss. Even in this setting, it was hard to for to just sit back and watch.

«How would you like to take a drink from those fountains,» George whispered to her, another bulge forming in his pants.

«I was just thinking the same thing. Of course I'd love to,» Mary whispered back.

After their streams had finally waned Tamyra produced another surprise by reaching over and kissing Tina. Tina responded with a surprise of her own, and started to finger Tamyra's pussy, a favor the ebony beauty immediately repaid. The sight of these two beauties kissing each other and fingering each other's pussies, there in the park, was too much for Mary. «Aw, fuck, I've wet myself in naughtier situations,» she thought to herself. At that she allowed her bladder to relax.

She felt the familiar sensation of her panties beginning to fill with pee, and then the ecstasy of her piss flowing down her legs. As she was flooding her pants Mary looked over at George and saw that he had the same idea. George had already started rubbing himself through his wet pants, and Mary was about to reach inside hers to pleasure herself, when they heard a voice behind them exclaim «Holy Shit!»

Everyone turned around and saw a guy standing w/ his bicycle, his mouth agape, and his dick hardening in his pants. Mary stood there, shocked and embarrassed to be standing there in wet pants, but soon realized that the bicyclist had likely not even seen her, staring instead at the two young beauties. Mary, George, the girls, and the crew rushed into Tom's van, many of them red faced, everyone laughing, and hurried back to George and Mary's house.

Upon arrival Tina and Tamyra headed to the bathroom to clean up, Clarence following them with a camera to get their reaction. Tom was supervising the cleanup of the gear for the night when Mary and George approached him.

«Tom, thanks for agreeing to shoot this at our house,» George said. «It was an amazing experience.»

«No, thanks to you for offering your house to me and my crew,» Tom replied. «I thought day one went well, and we're excited about tomorrow.»

«Tom, you wouldn't be upset, would you, if we asked you to let yourself out? George and I have something we need to attend to right now,» Mary said, smiling.

Tom looked at the two in their wet pants and gave them a wink. «We'll be fine. You two have fun. Hey, would you mind if I sent a camera man in?» he joked.

Mary and George hurried up the stairs to their room. As soon as the door closed the pair was all over each other, kissing with a passion they hadn't felt in years.

Mary pushed George down on the bed. She quickly undid his belt, and ripped off his pants. She started to rub and lick his cock through his soaking wet underwear, loving the taste of her husband's piss as she did so. She then pulled his underwear down, and continued to lick up and down on his rock hard shaft, and licking drops of piss off of his pubic hair. Finally, she started to suck and his cock, enjoying the feeling as she slid it into and out of her mouth.

George hadn't been this turned on in years. He wanted to hold back his cum, but he knew that there was no way he could do it. In no time his dick began pumping his semen deep down his wife's throat, which she eagerly swallowed.

As he lay on the bed he pulled his wife up on top of him, and began to kiss her passionately, with her responding in kind. He then rolled her over, with him now top, their lips still locked together. He reached down and ripped open her blouse, neither one caring about the buttons that went flying off of it. He grabbed her tits and started to fondle them, then moved down and placed one into this mouth. He alternated sucking on and gently biting her nipple for several minutes, then work his way over and did the same to the other breast. His fingers at this time were busy inside her wet pants, fingering her soaking pussy. It didn't take long for her to cum.

He pulled her pants down, but left her panties on. He clamped his mouth on her mound, and started to suck her piss out of her panties. She then gave him a pleasant surprise, releasing the piss from her bladder, which had filled up some since she wet herself in the park.

He sucked up her piss as it soaked through the thin fabric of her panties, reveling in the taste. After she finished pissing he pulled her panties to the side, and began to attack her pussy. Mary reached down and grabbed the back of his head and pulled it down into her cunt. She couldn't remember the last time George had eaten her with such passion. She came again, her body convulsing as she did so. As soon as she came off her orgasm George's tongue attacked her pussy with even more fury, and she quickly came yet again.

George released his mouth from her pussy, stood at the foot of the bed, and began to release his bladder, aiming his stream at his wife's tits. While Mary loved the feeling of the his stream on her tits, she wanted, no needed, to taste his piss, and leaned forward and took his stream into her mouth, swallowing all that she could.

As he finished pissing George lay back on top of his wife, again kissing her passionately, this time tasting his piss on her lips. Despite the facts that he had just come several minutes before and that he was no longer a young man, George's cock was again rock hard. He slid it inside Mary's dripping wet pussy. Mary, who often liked for George to make love to her nice and slow, right now needed to be fucked hard, and both of them new it. George rammed his dick into her fast and hard, feeling her body shake with his every thrust. He could tell that she was ready to cum again, and her pussy clamped down on his dick as she began her fourth orgasm of the evening, her sixth of the day. George began to cum immediately, filling her pussy with his semen.

It was a few hours later, after George and Mary had spent time cuddling, kissing, and, finally, cleaning up, that they went downstairs. Tom's crew had done a nice job cleaning up, their equipment packed neatly in the corner, waiting there for tomorrow, the final day of the shoot. Mary and George didn't think that tomorrow could get here soon enough.

