Getting naked to pee

24th December 2009, 12:06 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

A couple fo days ago in my posted "Reality Pee Party 12-19-09". In this post I mentioned that I prefered to get naked to pee and a couple of you asked about this. Heres the story:

As many of you know I was born and raised a nudist and with my husband we continue that lifestyle today. Being raised a nudist means simply what it says. My family, like most nudists, only wore clothing outside the home or when non nudist friends or family visited. As soon as we returned home the first order of business was to get naked. I'm not sure when, but I developeed the habit of undressing before using the toilet. It just seemed easier and more practical. This practice continued in college, with a small modification. As soon as I returned to the dorm from class or whatever and was in the privacy of my room I'd undress and slip on a old oversized mens dress shirt or a long tee shirt which adequetely covered enough so my dormmates or visitors in would not embarrased.

As soon as I got inside the stall the shirts I was wearing would came off and be placed on the hook. The exception to this was peeing between classes, or if I was going out immediately and simply did not have time. If I was heading to the showers I would switch to the oversized shirt first and pee discretely while showering.

I'm not sure why - maybe there is something wrong with me - but I can't shower without emptying my bladder. This is not only true for showering in private but also showering with others. I have learned to dribble it out slowly so as not to be detected. Possibly some of this is because I was brought up with a casual attitude toward peeing. If swimming we would get out of the pool, pee and jump right back in the water. We never peed in our pool at home, although I have in public pools. Yes I wear a swimsuit at times unless at a nudist resort or in a private pool with nudist friends. Camping with other nudists was another opportunity / necessity for casual peeing with or nearby others.

For those of you wondering since I generally pee naked, I always stand rather than squat. Its faster and more practical. After all these years I have enough control to hit the proverbial pop bottle. Well,,,, close anyway.

Peeing by myself usually isn't sexual unless I'm masterbating. Peeing with an audience or my husband can be sexual or non sexual - It all depends on the circumstances. If I'm casually peeing with other nudists who are not offfended by this I generally turn my back first. If these are close nudist friends with whom my husband and I are comfortable enough to soft swing with, I'll face them while peeing even if they arent into peeing they accept our fetish just as we accept their various fetishes. My husband and I refer to this as "respecting others fetishes". If your seriously into peeing you understand this philosophy.

So, I'm not sure if having to be naked to enjoy peeing is a fetish or some sort of issue, its my story - and my husband now does the same. We often pee together, if not in the shower (or outside in the summer) then in the toilet.

Can anyone else relate to this?

Emily

