See You Next Wednesday. (Chapter 1)

5th January 2013, 12:04 AM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

That first Wednesday, I had just fired seven people. This was 2000, and the job market was awful. I was in my office feeling quite depressed, when my secretary brought in a manilla envelope. It had been left on her desk, she said. Inside was a brief, neatly typeset letter:

Quote: Dear Ms Anderson,

I need your help. Fantasizing about you has given me dozens of new fetishes. They occupy all of my thoughts. If I don't fulfill these fantasies, I may lose my mind. They don't involve sex. They are harmless but disgusting. Meet me at Dean's at 9pm if you are as adventurous and generous as I know you are.

- An employee on your floor.

Immediately I stood up and looked across the floor through my office windows. I manage a team of salespeople, ranging in age from 23 to 65. Some of them are quite attractive, while others are decidedly homely. One salesman looked up, and it dawned on me that the letter was obviously a prankperpetrated either by a recently dismissed employee or a sympathizer.

I was not well loved in the office. They found me too stern, too demanding. In reality, I was only critical when I knew someone was capable of more. Now, however, they had crossed a line. I nearly marched out and confronted the entire floor about the letter on the spot. Thank God I stopped myself. The entire day was beginning to give me a migraine, so I reached into my desk for a pill.

That night, I put a movie in the VCR and opened a bottle of wine. Back then, I lived alone. I had had many affairs and a few serious boyfriends, but at 44, I had no illusions of settling down with Prince Charming. In those days, a woman had to fight twice as hard as a man for every promotion, and that seemed to kill any hope for workplace romance.

After the rewinding the tape and pouring out the last of the wine, I pulled out the letter again. I sat on the couch and re-read it several times. The thought that the letter could be real vaguely excited me. What could these unnamed fetishes be? As far as I can tell, all men have at least one fetish, and the ones who deny it are probably the most twisted of them all.

Early on, there was a musician who only wanted to do it at bus stops. Then there was the time an ex-boyfriend broke into my place and stole my underwear. For a long weekend in the late 70s, I even kept a lawyer as my slave. It wasn't my idea, but he gave fantastic oral sex on command. I looked down at my hand and realized I had been masturbating for a while. I also glanced at the clock, which read 9:05. Before I realized what was happening, I had yanked on a pair of jeans, thrown on a sweater, and locked the door.

Dean's was a bar, walking distance to my apartment. It was also on the way to my corner grocery, so at least I'd have an alibi if it was a prank. I seemed to remember that Dean's had big plate glass windows, so my plan was to pass by and steal a glance. On the way to the bar, I checked my watch, and noticed that my hand was shaking from adrenaline. Everything in my rational mind told me to turn around, but the illicit thrill of the moment was driving me forward.

I hesitated before the windows. My heart was pumping so hard I thought I might faint. I took a deep breath and charged ahead, peering into Dean's as I walked. Suddenly I saw him, sitting at the side of the bar. I stopped. It was the guy who set up the fancy new computers in the office. David, was it? I paused, trying to think. He was about 25, slim, clean cut, exceedingly polite. It seemed impossible that he had ever had an impure thought. I don't think we'd had more than two conversations. Perhaps it was simply a coincidence; the office was close-by, after all. Either way, the suspense was over, and the sobering effect of reality had dampened my desire. I turned and walked on.

Feeling like a fool, I walked quickly. After a few seconds, I felt a hand on my elbow, and in my jumpy state, nearly punched the owner of the hand. "Ms. Anderson," he said.

"David? Jesus, you scared me."

Up close, David was handsome in his own way. His face wouldn't make you look twice, but his features were pleasing. He just looked at me in the eyes, waiting for my response. His confidence was interesting to me, so I challenged him slightly. "What do you want?"

David started saying one thing, but hesitated. He swallowed, and then forced out a sentence. "I sent you a letter today." He looked up to my eyes, but could only meet them for a second. Well, it was certainly him.

"That was you?" My tone hardened, almost instinctively. "Listen to me: I understand you're upset about the downsizing, but this prank or whatever it is will not work." Abject panic flushed his face, and I knew in the blink of an eye that his letter was not a prank, but a recklessly desperate act. My curiosity was suddenly insatiable.

For a moment, he was too frightened to speak. He looked left and right for an exit. I let him squirm. Finally, he found his train of thought again, and looked me in the eyes. "It wasn't a prank. Fire me, but please. Please, don't mention the letter. I..."

Now that I was back in the driver's seat, I felt a warm pressure spread forward from my lower back up to my belly button. This was getting fun again. I put on the coldest voice I could manage. "I think you'd better explain yourself. Let's step inside."

I walked behind him, back to Dean's. He lingered at the entrance, so I found a booth and sat. He came over sheepishly. The bartender made eye contact, and I asked for two beers. A minute of charged silence passed as we waited for the beers. When they came, I took a long sip. Staring down at his beer, it seemed possible that David would literally climb out of his skin. It amused me so much that I wanted more. "So, David. You've been fantasizing about me."

He looked up at me briefly and urgently whispered "keep it down!"

"Oh relax. There's no one else here, and the music is blaring." He clawed at the labels on his Pabst until they were all gone. "You've been fantasizing about your boss," I reprimanded, "and you think it's given you all kinds of new fetishes."

Now he looked like a scolded child. He gave me a passive aggressive "yes."

I touched his hand and sharply annunciated my words. "These fetishes are disgusting." He tried to stand up, but I grabbed his wrist. He sat back down. "Yet they don't involve sex. And you say they're harmless." I maintained my grip on his wrist. He looked around nervously, but didn't say a word. Oddly, this exchange was doing it for me. I crossed my legs under the booth, rubbing them together slightly.

I craned my neck to meet his gaze, and he admitted to writing "something like that."

"David," I said, squeezing his wrist harder, "describe them to me." He gave me the kind of incredulous look that only the under-30 can perform. "Describe them. I think I deserve to know." More silence.

"Or, I can simply take the letter to HR and see what they think." Now it was his turn to study my face. To encourage him, I decided to turn one corner of my lips up ever so slightly. "Just tell me one." He exhaled loudly, then relented. He motioned for me to come closer.

He paused, with his mouth to my ear, then said quite plainly that he felt the uncontrollable desire to drink my urine. I leaned back, amused and puzzled. "Really?" I asked. He nodded. He looked relieved. Pee was such a minor taboo that his shame was simply adorable. No one had ever asked to drink my pee before, but I had peed on a man in the shower a time or two.

I rubbed my legs together again. I couldn't tell if this young man was ashamed over nothing, or if this was only the tip of the iceberg, but for some reason, I had to find out.

* * *

On the wordless walk to his place, it became clear that I hadn't relieved myself since before the bottle of wine and beer. I was too excited and tense to notice the urge until it became slightly more urgent. Luckily, his parents had the incredible foresight to purchase a condo not far from Dean's.

His place was too sterile for my taste. Everywhere you looked, it was steel, glass and white furniture. He apologized for the mess (there was none) and offered an endless list of refreshments and snacks. You reach a point when you have to go, where you literally can't understand words, and find yourself unable to form them yourself. I started taking off my Nikes, and managed to say "So" I wasn't sure where he wanted this to happen, but in the meantime, I unzipped my jeans and pulled them down.

I understood David's plan after he ran into the kitchen and came back with a big glass vase. After freeing my legs free from the jeans, I pushed down my underwear, grabbed the vase, and set it on the high end concrete floor. If I blushed whilst positioning myself over the vase, he might not have noticed, as his semi-erect cock was already in his hand. It was average in size, but certainly not objectionable. I hovered there for a few seconds, watching David harden up. I tried to relax and pee, but nothing would come. After a few more agonizing seconds, I turned around and put my back to him, so that I could focus.

It was a frustrating time to become pee-shy. My lower belly was swollen, and the pressure in my bladder became sharper by the second. I tried flexing every muscle I could think of down there. My legs started to shake, and I could hear the soft rhythmic sound of masturbation in the background. Pee didn't do anything for me, but fulfilling David's fantasy was certainly getting me going. Long strings of clear wetness dangled back and forth from my vagina and occasionally fell onto the concrete.

I decided that instead of relaxing, perhaps I needed to push. I put my hands on my belly and pressed in while I pushed with other muscles. The strain made me emit a slight grunt, and to my mortification, I passed gas noisily. I instantly tightened every muscle and stopped pushing. I paused there, beginning to panic. What would happen if I couldn't do this? I tried to push the thought out of my head. Focus, Karen, it's just a simple pee. This is probably the greatest day in David's short life.

Finally I reached down to the slippery mess between my legs. It was the only thing I could think to do, and somehow it worked. After a half minute of very slow rubbing, I finally started to feel like I was on the verge of urination. I reached down and pulled my lips apart to clear the way. Right away, a little stream of pee shot straight out, missing the vase entirely. I'm 5'11", and I had been hovering a few feet above the vase. So I squatted down, nearly sitting on it.

I released another burst of pee into the vase, making a splashy, ringing sound. Involuntarily, I clenched down. In the silence, I could again hear David's deliberate masturbation, and it quickened my pulse. I looked down at the shallow pool of my pee in the vase, nearly completely clear. Consciously relaxing, I pushed and began to pee again. This time I made a nice stream, which shot neatly down to the bottom of the vase. It made a satisfying spluttery sound, so I decided to push out harder. But forcing it out lifted the angle, and I accidentally shot a fat stream onto the floor near the vase. The pee foamed where it hit the ground, and splattered on my legs.

Instead of stopping, I pushed my ass up, and shot the power stream noisily into the vase. After a few seconds, the vase was about a quarter full, and I couldn't push anymore. I relaxed, and the stream slowed to a dainty trickle. I knew how much David was enjoying this, so I clenched down and stopped the flow. I wanted to drag it out. My fingers found my clitoris and ground against it roughly. Two seconds later, a little orgasm gave my ass a violent shiver, shaking drops of urine loose from my pubic hair.

I pulled my lips apart again and pushed down, forcing a hard spray into the vase. When I realized I was holding my breath, I inhaled deeply. As I exhaled, I could push even harder. I breathed in slowly again, and out, and as I did, the spray took on waves of strength with my breath. It seemed to go on forever. I looked down, and the vase was half full.

After what seemed like an eternity, the waves of pee slowed to a trickle again, and then stopped. I let myself linger there, hovering with wobbly knees over that vase. Every few seconds, I could push out another small spurt of pee. I waited a minute or two, until I seemed to be completely drained, and then turned around to face David.

David was no longer holding his cock, but it was standing at attention. I gave my ass a shake over the vase and sat down to pull on my jeans. He walked over and carried the vase to the kitchen. At first I couldn't tell what he was doing, but eventually he had filled three pint glasses with the faint yellow pee. Like a man dying of thirst, he chugged the first pint in five seconds. The second pint he savored. He put his nose over it and closed his eyes. As he luxuriated in the aroma, he touched the head of his penis with the lightest touch. He took a small sip and swished it with the appreciation usually reserved for fine wine. After another sip, he gripped his cock roughly and shot a load farther than I imagined was possible.

At the sight of his ejaculation, my nipples hardened under my sweater. I sat on his couch, and he came over and sat on a chair opposite me. He took a sip from the pint glass. "I need to see you again," he said. I put my feet up on his coffee table.

"I bet you would," I demurred. He took another small sip and closed his eyes. I squinted at him. "So you get off on domination aspect of this."

"I get off on being dominated, yes," he said.

I was confused. "I don't follow. You just instructed your boss to do something filthy, and got off while she did it. That's domination."

"No. My boss burst in and violated my apartment. And now you're forcing me to drink your piss." I laughed alone when I heard that. He took another drink.

"So that's your game." My hand slipped under my jeans, and I could see his cock come back to life in his pants. "I'm the psycho boss, who loves debasing my underlings." I guess unzipping his pants while drinking my pee was a yes. "You're pathetic," I said, playing along. My fingers dove into my stickiness. "Three rules. You never call me. We never speak at work unless absolutely necessary. And if you ever call me 'Mommy,' I'll rip out your throat."

At that, he took another big sip and ejaculated a heavy load onto the Esquire magazine on his coffee table. "Three rules from me," he grunted. Strangely, his face was more attractive in this exhausted state. "I'll send you a letter describing the fantasy. When you show up, make me believe it was your idea. And always wear your work clothes. With heels."

