Nikki's Story - Parts 1 and 2

8th July 2012, 03:26 PM

Author: wetNwildbrian69

Location: South London (Sex: Male) Posts: 78

Hi,

Thanks for your feedback. I re-worked part 1 to make it flow better, and have included here along with part 2. I appreciate any feedback you have.

Thanks,

Brian

Nikki's Story (Part 1).

I was younger then - 21 or 22. Sitting in a training class, I was ignoring the computer in front of me that had tried to make me learn. I was ignoring it because I was planning a quick exit. I needed to leave early that day because it was a special day. If you didn't know what this night was, you might guess it was just a typical early dark, wet winter Manchester night. I knew what I hoped to do and I was glad that I'd spent southern-style money to pay for the posh car-park, so I could start sooner. The car I ran to was mine. It was the first car I had ever owned. It was unreliable, had cloth seats and a worn-out hi-fi.

The type of hi-fi that picked-up crackly AM radio and played coyly with cassette tapes before gasping and moaning to a halt as their hard cases spurted long streamers eagerly into the hole in the front of the machine which sucked, gulped and swallowed. But that car was mine, and I had bought it because it had a large, comfortable back seat. That night I started the car quickly, crashed into reverse gear and - with my limited driving skill - swung the wheel around, cleared my space, slammed into first and shot down the road. The front tyres made a stuttering squeal and the steering wheel shook. As I thrust it forward I shook with anticipation.

I was driving to see Nikki. Nikki who I hadn't seen for years. Nikki the ex-punk, the ex-singer, the art-student, the jeweler. Nikki who moved away. Nikki could have been a model. Nikki with the bobbed blonde hair and pouting lips. Nikki with the hips. The hips that swung. The hips below the tight leather belt that gathered her jeans. The jeans over her black polo sweater. The sweater she wore tucked-in, so her hand could smooth it carefully and wrap her white, silky bottom and she showed no crease.

Her jeans where her hand brushed gently around her front, as she eased her sweater over her small lace-trimmed knickers. These were the jeans into which we had all imagined sliding our hands, replacing hers hands with ours, unwrapping her curvaceous bum, pulling out her black polo. In our minds we all slipped one hand between her and her knickers and felt the friction of the black cloth with the other as we moved it upwards so palms could cup breasts, where fingers could pinch erect nipples and guide them to soft, wet, open mouths.

They all imagined what it would be like; I knew. It was a surprise the first time I found out. I never thought it would happen and had pretended that I wanted to be just friends. Just to be close. I said I enjoyed her company, and I did. She was bright, she'd seen a lot, knew a lot, done the lot. So we talked and talked and smoked weed until the morning drew light and I went home alone and released my pressure explosion. It's funny how these things happen and it had happened that night. She started it. She turned and looked at me and I knew what her eyes said , but I couldn't believe she wanted to. Like her, her eyes were always right.

Their gaze squeezed me tight. That night is one I keep remembering. It has happened a few times since, but like the time I will tell you about, I never forget the elation of the first time. The colours I saw, the air that I smelled, the sweat that we shared. She was the reason I had chosen the car. The one with the large back seat. The back seat that still held her scent. The scent I could taste when I imagined her there and pushed my face down hard. Hard until my eyebrows raised and my eyes, forced open, touched the beaded cloth with pin-prick sensitive wetness. When I suck the air I still taste her, drawing hard, deep and long. Hard, deep and long.

As I put down the map, I squeeze and tug the last drop from of the steering ring; I curl my fingers around the stick-shift and stroke it into reverse. I stopped the engine and my hand eased the key from the greased lock, it's night's work not yet complete. My destination had reared up suddenly in front of me and I had gently pulled up, parking outside just as she had strictly ordered me to. She had seemed surprised when I told her I was coming. Surprised but strangely certain, she had not thought I would come again but I had managed to. I knew she had found someone new and had moved on. So I was going to come, but come as a friend.

I walked up the 50 shaded grey steps on one side of the curved, stone double-sided stair-case that framed the sculpted entrance. Hers was an entry that seemed eager to swallow the well-kept garden laid in front of it. I approached the tightly closed door, reached down with my right hand and worked the small knob to ring her bell. I did not have to wait long and the door swung easily open on lubricated hinges. My goddess stood there, tall and head glistening wet. She had emerged recently from a shower and was not yet ready. She showed me to her back room where I amused myself. She slid downstairs and blow-dried ready for the night ahead. She said she was glad I came.

Soon we set out for the night's the first entertainment. We visited the circus. Archaos is not ordinary. It is an adults-only modern French troupe. A fire-breathing, chainsaw juggling, scrap-yard mad-max rampage junk-punk show. It was a cold damp night. We were pointed to seats by the spikey purple-haired ticket chick, the chick in the stockings, the chick in the corset and thigh-high rubber boots. The one with the pierced clit and tattoos.

The air held a heavy smell of engine oil, sweat and dust overlaid with nose splintering electric sparks and passion. It was freezing in the rough scaffolding-mountain slip-slide benches. The wooden seats felt cold as our bottoms sat down. The fingers of cold-damp touching our legs, thighs and pushing gently against our holes, looking for ways to penetrate. We snuggled into coats, our breath billowing dragon smoke to mix with the fumes of high-octane scrap cars. Nikki held my arm placing her head on my shoulder - moving closer for warmth. We watched the show.

In came the clowns, one on stilts. He wore rubber. He wore goggles with glass windows and beak. He had ragged-edged metal shoulders that thrust upwards like sharpened eagle-wings. He strutted on his stiff, extended legs, stopped and posed, a picture of proud happiness. Dramatically he placed his hands on his hips, strained his head back to sky gaze, opened his mouth to lion roar and paunched his taught, muscular neck towards her. The sound system rose in volume and shouted a twisting, high-velocity rotating whining scream over a thumping base note of a quickening electro-beat. His eyes glowed red - six foot spitting fire tails roared upwards from nozzles attached to his back.

The air shook, thrusting vibrations through our seats. I held my breath. Nikki grabbed my hand, squeezed it. "Look" she said, pointing to the clown. And then I saw he was wet. The clown was quivering in drug-fuelled madness and peeing himself. He was doing it right there in the ring, in front of us all, for us all. The rubber round his groin glistened and shone in the arc light; his dark-skinned, muscular, hairy legs became drenched and matted by the flow of his gushing river. Gold dribbled between his elevated legs and juice landed in spots on the dust-dry floor. Nikki squeezed my hand tighter, giggled and smiled up at me. "how naughty... but how nice" was all she said. I smiled and secretly grew hard again. When we left we pretended we were just good friends.

Driving home, the night rain hit the windscreen in splattering splashes briefly reflecting the blood-orange street lights as we writhed along in their yellowy pools and the car's wipers flick-flacked useless flailing blows as the sky squirted above us. When we stopped, the car was filled with the sound of splosh-pattering rain on the roof of our steel cage. I imagined us cuddled naked and safe from the storm outside in a metal-canvas mad-max tent, the smell of grass and sleeping bags and the coolness of a tarpaulin floor. In my dreaminess the air chilled our clean bodies as an indoor breeze wafted and caressed our skin and the wind storm whistled impotently by.

The window was left a-crack to stop the glass misting as our breathing grew heavy. The slit let us hear the splish-splash of glowing flushed-cheeked blood-red busses, their buxom bodies lumbering, swaying and paddling up the puddle-flood street. The wet black silken road reflecting the lamps of traffic as light-beams cut the night and made the rain shine its swishing tassels from the omni-mistress's whip. The signal turned green and we slowly gained pace. Our progress jerked with bumps and splashes as our wheels piston rammed geysers from juice-filled pot holes and made us spasm and squirm in our seat. We tangoed to a hastening rhythm of squishy-sticky, rubber-wet tyres sucking and licking the road as we rode our way to Nikki's house. We picked up speed, and I changed gear.

Even before I was in I could smell how wet she was. It was only a short walk from the car, but the rain had sodden her. Her blonde bob was a collection of wide-spaced water-glued hair bunches. I could see snatches from her scalp, the film of water between the legs of each horse-hair-lash lipped from her head to create a shower of golden ropes. She looked up at me smiling. I saw the beads of water forming dribbles on her forehead. Dribbles that paused briefly to swell and reflect the sparkling light in the doorway before bursting and dashing carefree, helter skelter down her cheeks to hold-hands and wait, together like lemmings on her chin cliff. I watched her make-up run and her eyes upturn. Those eyes spoke to me again, this time I believed. "Better get out of those wet clothes" I said. "You too" she replied.

&#8195;

Niki's story (Part 2)

I wasted no time, and neither did she. I threw my clothes across the red tiled floor, buttons tapping and zips scratching to a halt. Our fashions mingling in a slip-slide jumble race of rags. Rags soaked from both sides. Soon I was naked and took my place sitting on the floor. Her hallway a stage for front-row me, Nikki stood facing me, fully hidden behind her screen of bra and pants. The music in my head started to play as she started to dance. Her image melded with a mystery, belly dancer as the mental caravanserai became filled with the music from buzzing zamr. My mind smelt the lazy coal and tobacco smoke of the hookah pipes. Her eyes locked mine as we boarded the flying carpet of impending ecstasy.

Sensuously she snaked her sinewy body, making wonderful waves from her knees, magnified by the amplifying oscillations of her hips, radiated through her shoulders as they dipped and shrugged. Her shoulders and hips transmitting their lazy SOS transcribing a figure of eight and gyrating as her hands reached behind her to loosen her lacy black bra. In a moment of unhooked release the cups were rendered impotent, falling forward limp and empty.

She dominated their flaccid uselessness holding the defunct restraint by her finger and thumb and removing herself from it as if, by failing to maintain structure, it disgusted her. With her pinky finger extended like a lady holding her tea-cup, she slowly let it drop to the floor. Her magnificent breasts were just as I remembered. Weight induced a granite-like tension making the soft, warm comforters pert upwards and appear chiselled from stone as if by Michaelangelo using the Great Architect's secret design. She wore a rain drop pendant, nestling her bosom it hung by a golden chain from her neck.

As she danced, she carefully raises one foot and turns to face away from me. Hooking her thumbs into the sides of her panties, keeping her knees moving as if slowly walking on the spot, she expertly started to peel them down. Her movement stilled, legs together she starts to take a bow, and keeping her face turned upwards, forces the muscles in the backs of her legs to stretch, her buttocks clench to bring more definition to her athletic physique and encourage the ligaments behind her knees to stiffen and bulge like me. Expertly she peeled her panties just enough for the crotch to remain trapped by her sex, forming a perfect arch, rearing up to touch her. She paused then wiggles for me, and continues her reveal as her panties retreat from her ass with a parting kiss. Slowly she steps herself out of them and, like me, is completely naked

She resumes her hip movement slowly, rolling onto the balls of one foot at a time, bending her knee and moving her hips in time. She gently moves her feet apart and I start to see in more detail her beautiful, recently shaven pussy her lips glistening with juice. She is bent over and I am drawn to the nightfall colour changes - from the pink whiteness of her cheeks through the twilight greyness from the hair shadows of her mound and the dusky, musky sunset darkness of the skin in the centre of her ass.

Suddenly I stop slouching as if ordered by a silent mistress to sit straight. My back ramrod erect, I lean forward keeping my mind's laser-sight trained on her asshole. I bury my face in her. My nose resting in the dimple where her back joins her bum, I push forward forcing my chin upward and stretching my neck. She is surprised by my force and leans forward; grabbing her hands to her knees for support and pushes backwards into me.

With my tongue I find her asshole. I explore it like I explore the back of my teeth. I feel the rippled, bunched skin of her sphincter and I revolve around it in flicked circles, feeling the ridges and bumps as I make each lap of her miniature race-track. I pull my tongue taught and push its tip in and taste her. The pink flesh yields a softness that makes me salivate. Like the inside of my cheek if I bite it, but there is no saliva stickiness so it feel fresher. Like the fresh-flesh taste of a blood soaked rare steak at room temperature. Like the taste of a shower-wet nipple turned inside out.

I put my hands around the top of her legs, my shoulders against her ass I reach forward and curl my arms around her legs. I push my hands - backs together, like making an inside out prayer - between her legs. My thumbs stay outside pointing upwards and resting on her pubic ridge. My index fingers wend their way into the join between her legs and her torso. I feel her blood pulse. I feel her heat.

My fingers squirm between the folds of skin framing her cunt, I play among their edges teasing her as I roll her lips between my fingers, rolling like a two fingered spliff. As they roll and flip over, her body flicks open briefly and smears my knuckles with her sweet-slime. The differing textures arouse me as I feel the roughness of the yesterday-shaven pussy, the soft feather-down dry-folds of skin rising around her red-hot liquidised smoothness within.

I loosen the grip of one hand so I can angle the other and gently draw the curtain aside with my two longest fingers. I pull gently upwards and outwards. Following the line of the skin ridge, my fingers' pads gliding on the inside edges towards the top where the folds reduce and her button stands proud, cupped within its miniature rose-bud champagne-flute. I dip my fingers back and plunge inside her, she squirms gently as I spoon a little of her liquid honey and spread it upon her clit. I slide it over and around, roll-flicking with gentle rubbing strokes. Her breathing quickens and I feel her knees give their first wobble.

I peel my face from her ass and suck cool, clean, fresh air. The slobbering saliva dries quickly and the coolness deepens and the stickiness hardens on my chin. I withdraw my spare hand, relieving its awkward inactivity while continuing to clit-waltz my other. I bring my newly redundant hand to my inactive mouth and generously lick and spit onto my fingers. Saliva runs down my hand and gathers in my palm. Gently I part her cheeks and start to resume play with her asshole, my finger taking the role my tongue had recently vacated.

Gently I tap on her opening, bouncing on the springiness of her ridges, until applying a little more pressure my finger slips in. She catches her breath. I push my finger deeper and explore the warm, soft, enclosing sponginess of her ass. I push my finger towards the front so she can feel me stimulate her front and back together. I easily slip one of my clit-fingers into her looser sloppier hole and feel the internal squirming of my back finger, separated only by a film thin wall of hot moist skin. I work both fingers while keeping attention on her clit with my smallest finger. I pull her close and rest my face cheek against her. She's trembling and gasping.

Gently I slow, bending my fingers and rolling them out of her. I pull my hands away and, holding onto her legs, I turn around. I feel the tiles pull and nip on my naked ass-skin. I guide her to step over me so I am seated, and she stands over me. I pull her towards me and bury my face in her snatch. My tongue takes my fingers' place and I start to suck on her clit. Lapping like a kitten at milk, I open my mouth wide so I can clamp it over her hinge. It feels like my jaw will break. My lips are strained apart as I open wide and my nose burrows deep into her pubis and my nostrils block. I breathe occasionally by breaking the seal around my mouth and gulping air through the gaps as her urgency and mine mount; she is wet and gently dripping. She tastes of sex and strawberries.

My hands pull her close. My fingers move from her cheeks towards her hole and, gently, I slide two fingers in to her ass, one on each hand. She cannot escape, her crotch vice-held between my face and my probing ass hooks. I start to twist my fingers with my knuckles bent and opposing so that they gently stretch her inside, while keeping her entrance tight. Her breathing is intense and her legs bend as she rocks onto the balls of her feet and leans forward steadying her quivering body with hands pushing into my hair. I feel her stomach on my forehead. Her embers are rising and it won't take much to for the fire to catch.

I bring my knees up, withdraw my fingers and unplace my hands. I bring my arms together and rest my elbows on my knees. My forearms form an expectant bench. She's weak and helpless as I push her backwards with my head. She collapses into my grasping arm-chair. Facing the ceiling, her back supported by my arms and open palms. I spread my fingers and hold the back of her rib cage, her feet are placed the tiles behind me, my face buries in her horizontal cunt. I grind my face deeper as she starts to cum. Her back arches, I push deeper, licking and slurping. I feel her quake; I hear her gasp and moan, she jerks and spasms and pulls me. Pushing my face tighter into her, I struggle for air.

She stills, and releases her grip. I wait. Her breathing starts to slow. And I feel her abdominal muscles tense. Then I feel the first dribbles come. I feel its warmth trickle into my puppy-eager mouth. The breaking rains portend the impending storm. She coats my mouth with oiliness, more warm milk than the cutting freshness of spring water. I start to savour the familiar taste; an soft citrus on my tongue quickly over powered by bitter almonds clawing the back of my mouth. I do not taste but instead feel, the must of hour-old cooling mulled white wine.

The stream picks pace and I feel the jet hit my soft throat, like the tickle from my childhood water pistol but more powerful. The splashes and spray are contained by my cheeks as I feel my mouth fill with her gift. The spray sound squirt and hiss and the splash drip gurgle as it enters the growing reservoir I hold behind my teeth. I swallow. I have learnt to form a dam with the back of my tongue to allow me to empty while storing building next gulp.

I have also learnt to control my reflexive gag, the gag that comes from swallowing while receiving more and the mental taboo-reflex to pull away. I have acquired the taste and our social trespass bonds us together with secrets shared. I don't catch everything, and a little runs down my chin and drips onto my chest. It runs down its tracks inspiring my eager cock. My cock stand stiff, bulges and pulsates as my heart races and pounds. I close my eyes and continue my rhythm until her pressure drops, and eventually drains to a stop. I lick her clean.

