The Apprentice Pisser Part 3

14th July 2010, 08:18 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Okay. Firstly, the usual disclaimer. This week's episode is about naughty pissing, and in their quest to win the teams will go all out, and don't care if they damage property or inconvenience others. It's fiction and fantasy, but if it's not your scene you may wish to stop reading now.

If you've missed the first 2 parts they are

Part One and Part Two

Thanks for the positive feedback. I haven't written many stories and its your encouragement that gets me writing the net chapter.

Part 3

The DVD of Champagne Soakers exploits began. The first clip showed Tori in a confessional box in a church. With the door shut, and the curtain pulled across the window, she crouched purposefully. Wearing no knickers, and with her green skirt pulled up out of the way, she began to pee. She'd clearly been holding for a long time and the piss sprayed forth wildly in a powerful jet. Regaining control, Tori aimed her liquid gold at the chair, and having soaked this, ensured the walls and floor got a good soaking too. "Hurry up" stage whispered Lucy, trying to look causal outside, but Tori just kept going.

Not content with just a quick squirt, she had waited till she was desperate and was determined that the small room would get the full benefit. She grabbed a small painting from it's hook on the wall and, holding it beneath her pussy, soaked it in fresh urine. Finally, almost a minute after she'd begun, the spray slowed to a trickle, and she stood, adjusted her clothing, admired her handiwork, and carefully exited the confessional.

<cut to>

Nicolette at a building site cabin, doing her best pee-pee dance, clutching and holding. Helen approached the foreman. "She's really desperate

" she said "can she use your loo?"

"Sorry love, it's not a public loo for a start, and it's a male toilet so it could cause problems if I..."

"Hurry" said Nicolette "or it'll be too late, I can't move". Helen put her plan into action.

"Sorry mate, this is an emergency" . She grabbed a yellow hard hat from the pile near the door and handed it to Nicolette.

"You can't do that. That's Brian's helmet" yelled the foreman

"I know a lot of blokes who'd love it if I pee-d on their helmet" laughed Helen. "Anyway, you're too late".

Helen was right, Nicolette had whipped off her pink thong, and placed the helmet under her throbbing fanny. Before she even had it fully into position she began to pee, and indeed the first few drops landed on the floor of the cabin. Holding the front of her tight-fitting white skirt out of the way, she quickly guided the hot, almost-clear piss into the helmet. A strong jet of human champagne sprayed into the unusual recepticle, and began to pool at the botttom.

The foreman seemed completely mesmerised. He just didn't know what to do, and the sight of heaven he'd received since Nicolette removed her underwear was seared into his brain.

The helmet was now over half full as the stream of piss finally became a trickle. Nicolette shook the last few drops from her pussy, and then holding the helmet away from her, she let her white skirt fall back into place. Carefully she placed the helmet onto the foreman's desk, and then noticing the inevitable last drops creating a little wet patch on her skirt, realised she needed to reclaim her knickers..

"Thanks" said Helen "You've been a good sport. You won't call the police will you"

"No" the foreman said finally "No real harm done"

"Thanks" said Helen "we appreciate it.. would you like to keep Nikki's panties as a souvenir?"

"Hey" said Nicolette, but the foreman was already reaching down to pick up and pocket the still-warm undergarment.

The camera closed in on the helmet full of piss on the desk, and Helen's voice could be heard saying "Beat that, Golden Rain"

<cut to>

Nicolete and Helen outside a house. Helen to Nikki: "Are you sure you're okay with this?"

Nikki: "With 75,00 at stake, you bet."

Nikki rang the doorbell, which opened to reveal a slim, attractive woman in her early twenties.

"Hi Sarah" Nikki gushed "I know we've not really kept in touch since we graduated, but you said if I was ever in the area... "

Though Sarah was surprised by this unannounced visit from her old Uny aquaintance after almost a year, she was working hard to disguise it. Truth be told, she'd thought the exchange of addrsses merely a requirement of politeness. She and Nikki had never been that close, and their flat sharing at Uny was born of convenience more than anything.

Still she was nothing if not polite, and invited her guests inside. Nikki introduced her new friend Helen, and having shown them inside, Sarah offered them a cup of tea or coffee. "I'll come and give you a hand in the kitchen" said Nicollette, after Sarah had taken their requests. "and I'll just use your loo, if that's okay?" said Helen

"Sure" said Sarah "Upstairs and first on the right"

Helen headed upstairs, removing her shoes at the top so she would be less audible. Opening the door to the first left she looked around. Sarah's bedroom. Perfect. Heading over to the windowsills she found a vase of flowers. She quickly removed the flowers, and took the vase to the loo where she poured the water down the sink. Then she locked the bathroom door, slipped off her black skirt, and red cotton knickers, and placed the vase underneath her pussy.

On the positive side the vase was black, so the colour of her pee would give nothing away, and the vase had a nice wide neck which made aiming easy. On the minus side it was a pretty small vase. Helen relaxed and sent the instruction to her bladder to just let go. Hot golden pee poured from her and into the vase. She felt a real rush, watching her hot pee pouring into this stranger's ornament, and grinned as she heard the gurgling sound of the pee beginning to fill the vase. All too soon her pee was at the level where the previous water had been and though Helen carried on for a few seconds more, it was obvious to her she would still have plenty of pee left. Stopping the flow, she reclothed, and having unlocked the door, padded back to the bedroom and replaced the flowers in the vase, and the vase on the windowsill.

That should have been that, but she still felt she had plenty of pee left, and didn't want to be faffing round once they had left the house. Besides, she didn't know this girl, and Nikki wasn't that bothered, so she felt she shouldn't waste the opportunity.

She could distantly hear Nikki engaging Sarah in conversation so she knew she still had time.

Striding to the chest of drawers she quickly located Sarah's knicker drawer, removed it and placed it on the floor. Standing over it, legs astride, she pulled her panties to one side, and began to piss over the underwear. Silk, cotton, thongs, briefs, red, black, pink, white...they all received the benefit of Helen's golden rain. She gave the contents a full ten seconds of her wee-wee, and then decided to quit while she was ahead. Replacing the drawer, she cautiously exited the bedroom. She entered the bathroom, and flushed the toilet, then ran the sink taps and washed her hands. Exiting she reclaimed her shoes at the top of the stairs and headed down and rejoined Nicolette and Sarah in the lounge.

<cut to>

Helen and Nikki apologising to Erica. "We've run out of time, we have to get back to the studio before we miss the deadline. We couldn't just leave straight away at Sarah's, that would have seemed too weird. We'll just have to abandon your naughty pee and hope the others are enough. Lets hope Lucy and Tori have achieved both their targets"

<cut to>

Lucy and Tori in the make-up room. "I can't believe finding a suitable church took so long. We just didn't have time to organise the other plan in the few minutes we had left" said Tori expositionally. Lindey, the make-up girl, stuck her head round the door "You're nice and early" she beamed "I'll be with you in a few minutes, I'm just going to 'freshen up' " and off she went.

Barely had her footsteps dies away before Lucy asked: "What's that in the corner?"

"It's Lindsey's handbag, why?"

"That's it" said Lucy "Guard the door, QUICKLY"

"You're not serious" queried Tori incredulously "You can't have a wee in someone's handbag"

"Why not? " said Lucy "She's working on a gameshow about piss, where the game is naughty pissing. If she leaves her bag lying about.." and so saying she ran over to the handbag, and unzipped it.

When it became clear that Lucy was going to do this regardless, Tori ran to the door and stood guard. Lucy crouched down over the handbag. She could see a diary, a mobile phone and some keys, as well as some pads and a spare pair of knickers. They would all be ruined if she went ahead with this. Nevertheless, Lucy hitched up her blue skirt, pulled her white panties to the side, and began to unleash a torrent of hot piss over the inside of the handbag. A smile played over her lips as she saw the damage being done by her golden rain. The contents were soon soaking wet from the yellow pee, and the urine began to puddle at the bottom of the handbag.

Not wanting to take too many chances, after a good twenty seconds of spraying, Lucy stopped, gave a final gleeful glance at the handbag contents floating ruined on a sea of her urine, before replacing it and adjusting her clothes. By the time Lindsey returned, the two girls were sat patiently waiting, looking as though butter wouldn't melt in their mouths (or anywhere else for that matter).

As this final clip faded away audible gasps could be heard from the audience. A few walked out. A few others started to clap spontaneously, but most were simply stunned into silence by Lucy's audacity.

"Okay" announced Sophie "Collette, Maggie and I have totalled up the scores for each team. Remember on the losing team, someone will be fired. Okay, without further ado, the scores are as follows..."

(to be continued)

***

Thanks for reading. I hope I didn't go too far. If you enjoyed it and want me to keep doing these, please send feedback. I'm thinking the next game could be a holding contest but if you have any ideas for games, or any suggestions for the stories please do post.

