My wet night with Friends

24th December 2006, 01:44 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

As some of you know me, my enjoyment is public wet denim, tight low rise soaked jeans and my summer denim shorts, hence the name poolboi. This is a recount of a recent night out with friends and involves a guy (me) wetting my black low rise skintight jeans while out with friends. If you are not into guy's wetting themselves, stop reading, but I wil say it was one great night,especially with my one female friend who is into wetting too and knows too well of my adventures.

It started out as a planned night for the holidays with friends from Chicago. I live in Florida during the cold months as I am in the pool service business. Summers in Chicago, winter in Ft. Lauderdale area. Anyway, my close friends who I used to work in theatre with all wanted to get together last Friday for the holidays. We were going to meet at a near northside pub and have drinks, dinner and then the clubs.

I was wearing my stretch black lowrise jeans that are custom made from ( http://makeyourownjeans.com ) - jet black denim with a bit of shine to it. Just right if you happen to get them wet, no one notices. Last Friday it was pouring rain so perhaps they would get wet. Before leaving the house I downed 3 bottles of water to get things moving as well as it helps to keep the hangovers to a minimum. I stopped off at the liquor store to get 3 bottles of wine for gifts for my friends. While looking up and down the aisles, the bladder was starting to fill from the 3 waters. I needed some assistance so engaged a cute sales clerk to help me.

I could see she liked the look of the jeans as kept eyeing me up. As she was making recommendations on wines, I was needing to pee. Feeling a bit uninhibited, I let go a bit and could feel the warm pee wetting the jeans, right there while talking to the salesclerk. Knowing she had been giving me a look over I wondered if she noticed. I picked the wines she recommended and she took me up to the checkout line where she rang up the purchases I let go again peeing a bit in the jeans. I know the front of them were by now quite wet. I caught her eyes looking me over again and she was being quite friendly and even gave me her name on the frequent customer card. I paid and wished here a happy holiday and she did the same. Walking from the store I let go a long pee, feeling the wetness move dow nthe legs, but no visiable wetness could be seen.

Getting outside in the rain, I had to walk about 2 blocks to the subway or el as its known in Chicago. Got on the train, wet jeans and all, crowded but no one noticing my wet jeans. Peed them again as I got off the train, this time I noticed a couple of drips on the ground. The jeans were now totally soaked in the front, but the legs only a bit wet. Off to meet my friends at the pub. Got to the pub as it was a ould blocks, and wwent in and sat down with them. The one girl who I know is also into pants peeing was wearing a stretch black dance leotard outfit bottom, so I had an thought she may be up to something. As we greeted and hugged, I kept my wet jeans from everyone but her. She let the back of her hand rub the crotch of my jeans, feeling the wetness and remarking that I had been a busy boy with a wet kiss following.

She and I sat on one side of the booth with my other 2 friends (m&f) on the other. I gave out my gifts and we ordered drinks and some food. Good conversation for a couple of hours passed and my 2 friends needed to go the the washroom. This left Lydia (my wetloving friend) and I at the table. During drinks I had kept my jeans wet by continuing to pee them as needed and they were quite wet. Lydia places her hand in my crotch and says how she missed having a wet guy to play with when I am in Florida. With that I gave her hand a nice warm stream in my jeans. She smiled and took my hand placing it on her crotch which I realized was soaked as well. She had been peeing her pants as well. Just like old times. The other couple came back to the table so we had to cut our wet talk out. It was now off to the club for some dancing. As I got up I noticed the booth had 2 wet spots on the wood bench seat.

We headed to the dance club where for the next 5 hours drank, danced and for the 2 of us, peed our pants. Neither one of us ever left the dancefloor. Leaving, we knew each others pants were soaking. The other couple were headed back to the east side and I said I would take Lydia home. Walking to her place, which was about 8 blocks as the el was not runnign at this late hour (ealry morning), we talked and continued to wet our jeans seeing who could leave the wet trail and there was one not thatthe rain had stopped and the sidewalks were dry. We go to her place and I went up. We both undressed and showered and well, the rest of the night is private. Getting up the next morning, I had to put back on my soaked jeans and make my way home. The jeans were still totally piss soaked and now cold. A small price to pay for one hell of a fun night.

I gave Lydia a call yesterday and we are getting together for new years. Be sure to wear black I said...and she replied of course and she wanted to see me in black as well.

