The Holiday - Chapters 9 to 12 - It gets even better

21st February 2012, 12:44 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

Chapter 09 - Wednesday 6th July - Holiday Reconvened

Lying on her wetness I couldn't get over my good fortune. As it cooled, I snuggled into her and we woke like that two hours later, just before seven, with my cock ramrod stiff and my bladder near overflowing. I said, "I must piss soon or I'll die!", to which she replied by wriggling down the bed and taking me in her mouth. I felt her tongue caressing my pee-hole and I began to leak out even though I was hard.

She reached up with her right hand and began to pressure my bladder and I poured out some of my load into her mouth. I felt her swallow some, more leaked out and over my balls. She kept drinking a lot as I pissed and then, unexpectedly, she pouted her lips and sprayed a big jet of my piss over my naked torso before returning to my cock once again.

As I finished she spouted more over my torso and the began to do a blow-job on me, licking the length of my cock, rolling the glans and tip around in her mouth, and caressing my balls with her hands. Then she changed to a hand job pulling down on my foreskin so that the glans began to shine - I was so sated with desire; no way could I have stopped. I began to groan as I neared and then jet after jet of creamy white spunk poured out, on her face, tits, ears, hands. Letting my now limp and wet cock go, she knelt on the soaking bed, pulled her labia up with the fingers, and peed a long stream of her golden juice over me.

Forty-five minutes later, breakfast was croissants and cereals with loads of apple-juice. Then strong coffee. "You know I'll need to pee in half an hour, don't you?", I challenged. "Of course", she answered. "I'm going to enjoy you as much as possible!"

Leaving the flat we drove for almost an hour and then I realised my bladder which had been feeling good as it filled, might need emptying soon. I glanced over at Fi, and she smiled and said "You ready yet?"

"Pretty soon", I admitted. We were climbing a longish and narrow hill at the time, and there was nowhere to stop. "Look between my legs", she said. Glancing across, she pulled up her skirt and I saw she was seated on some absorbent towelling. As I watched, and the camper shifted down a gear, a spurt of piss shot out and was absorbed by the towelling. "That's cheating" I grumbled, "I can't do that here, can I?"

"No", she answered. "You'll have to try to hold on!"

For another twenty minutes we were like this, with my bladder straining at the leashes and she leaking piss before my eyes. Suddenly I lost it and my crotch darkened as my bladder voided. Shortly after Fi stopped in a lay-by and I was able to get out, whip out my cock and piss long and hard onto the grass. As I finished I realised there was a car parked behind, and an attractive woman in her fifties had watched my jetting. She grinned at me and gave me a 'thumbs-up' of approval.

Soon after we found a campsite and stayed there. We'ed intended to move on the next morning but I'm skipping Thursday as I went down with a migraine and lost all account of what happened. The next thing I knew was that the sun was streaming through the windows on Friday, and Fi was making tea. "Gosh, I'm sorry about yesterday!" I murmured. We drank the tea and enjoyed the sun, then Fi opened the door and went outside. After ten minutes or so I wondered where she was, and slipping on trousers and shirt, went out to look for her. We were parked alongside a large oak tree, and there was no sign of her. I walked over to the tree to see if she was hidden from my sight by it, and I felt a few splashes of rain on my shirt.

Glancing up, she was standing on the bough a few feet above my head, her short skirt entirely failing to conceal her delightful pussy at that angle. Gazing up at her I saw a few drops drip from her delicious slit and I stood aside and admired her. "How did you get up there?" She giggled and reminded me she grew up with three brothers on a farm. "We are all expert climbers - but I'll bet this is the first time you've ever got water from an oak tree". So saying she turned on the tap and a jet of gold pissed out and splashed me and onto the ground beside me.

I hugged her as she dropped back to earth, and felt my cock stiffening as she moved her body close to mine. "You going to fuck me?", she breathed into my ear. I pulled her closer and felt dampness on her skirt. She said, "Some pee escaped when I jumped down". Lifting the cloth I bent down slightly and slid inside her, enjoying the moistness of her fur mingling with mine. Thrusting hard I pumped sperm into her without waiting for her to cum too. But a minute or two later, as I started to slip out, she came and let out a long moan of delight. It was just as well no-one was about - they couldn't have failed to see or hear our union.

Taking my hand she led me back into the camper, and opening a locker, took out two large bottles of juice. "Fill up your bladder", she commanded; "and I'll fill up too. Today's a day for pissing in earnest!" After breakfast we drove along the northern edge of the Dovey Estuary, before turning north and the road became steep and twisting. Soon we found ourselves some hundreds of feet above the main road. Fi suddenly said, "I gotta pee!; how about you?"

"Soon as you like", I replied, "but where? "I can hold on a bit longer yet; but how about you?" Fi answered sprightly, "I already wet myself, but I don't care! It'll dry out and I fancy a long steady piss whilst standing over you, out in the open somewhere!»

As we searched for a stopping place I realised just how full I was, and said, "make it soon otherwise I'll have wet pants too!". Naughtily, Fi commented, «I like that notion. P'raps I should just stop here at this inconvenient place and watch your trousers go dark.» But ten minutes later we were climbing out towards the top of a hill and as we did so, the warm sun broke through the mist which had followed us all around the coast. Shortly after, with bracken all around us, and no-one in sight, we pulled off the road and I grabbed my camera.

Fi asked, "You or me first?" To which I replied, "Me - my pants are already a bit damp.» Fi said, "Do it for me now, please". I obliged, and she photographed me as my cock spurted a short flow, then I began to make her T-shirt wet. Her boobs stood out firm and her nipples erect as I emptied myself over her. As I finished, I began to spurt 'parting shots' some splashing onto her neck, chin and mouth.

She happily took my piss, licking the drops from her lips «And now,» I said, «I'll lie down here, looking up and across the valley", all the while knowing my clothes would soon be saturated with her golden juices. With the camera set to multiple shots, she raised her skirt at my request so that the slit of her pussy and her hair were illuminated by the sun. As she trickled out the first few drops I pressed the shutter, and then a powerful stream hit my chest and the drops splashed up and the cloth of my shirt began to absorb the water. Later, when we viewed the pictures, the effect was amazing, with the gold of her pee drops each reflecting the sun and my wet shirt too, and beyond the full stream flowing from between her legs. For all the wetness of my clothes, I wanted it to go on forever.

I realised again just how lovely Fi was, and how I wanted to stay with her. She saw me looking at her and commented, "You've fallen in love with me, haven't you?"

"Yes, you're unique", I replied. "So natural in everything you do, and yet absolutely fascinating. It's not just sex, or mutual pissing, it's the way you make a cup of tea, or do the shopping. You really do enjoy life, don't you?"

"Absolutely; what my parents instilled into me was that life, even the tough bits, was to be celebrated. We only get one chance at it, so why grumble? It's to be a voyage of discovery - you should never pass up the chance to learn something new about yourself or the people around you. And enjoying peeing! Along with the idea that sex should be fun, that was one of the things mum and dad gave me. We can pee ourselves individually when we're walking, and we can wet one-another too, when it's quiet.»

Back at the camper we shared coffee and cakes then drove down to the town for some shopping. With the liquid making its way 'southwards' into our bladders, I reckoned we had between thirty and sixty minutes before it would want to be let out again. Opening the fridge, Fi took out two bottles of water and handed me one. "Drink up, we need to dilute the caffeine a bit; it'll be more enjoyable later."

Chapter 11 - Annabel and Martin

We did the shopping and filled up the diesel fairly quickly, but it took almost an hour and the familiar tingle in the tip of my cock was getting stronger. Driving back up the hill we stepped out into a near-silent world, with the occasional sheep baa and the sound of a stream gushing through a small culvert under the road.

The sound of fast running water rapidly affected our bladders, and I asked, "Where and how do you want to pee?" To which she replied, "Just here, in the middle of the road!" I want to be quite daring and take the risk someone will come along! Grab your camera again. Let's make pictures!" Standing in the middle of the road, she hitched up her skirt and let loose another full stream of piss which darkened the road's surface. So engrossed were we both that we failed to see two cyclists behind me, who arrived when she was still flowing nicely!

"Flipping heck!", said a voice, startling us both. Then, "That's the darn'dest thing I've seen for month of Sunday's!" There were two of them, a man and a woman in their thirties, and it was him who was speaking. Stepping off their bikes, and laying them on the verge, the man went on, "Don't mind us, we enjoy a good wee together too; though we've never tried taking pictures of it."

"And what about you?", the woman said, looking at me, "Are you going to wee in front of us too? I think we have won the right to see what you can offer too." Ten days before I'd have died being presented with a challenge like that, but Comora and Esperanza had cured me of it. In any case I was barely holding it in; my pants were already a bit damp where I had spurted out a relief jet a few minutes before.

Unzipping my shorts, I pulled out my cock, and pointing it towards them, pissed out an arching stream of pale gold. It splashed on the ground near their feet, and I saw flecks of water splash onto their trainers and socks. The woman said, "Excellent - I liked that. I can see we can have a lot of fun together in the future. My name's Annabel by the way, and this is Martin and we've come from Stafford on a cycling tour. "Actually we were looking for a bit of cover ourselves because we both need a wee now." Martin said, "Now I'm not going to bother.» And he lifted a leg of his shorts, pulled out his cock and pissed towards us, splashing us in turn. Annabel, pushed down her shorts, band hover-peed out a steady stream of gold until she was totally surrounded by her own puddle. Shortly after they left us having exchanged contact numbers. I guess they'll appear in this narrative again someday.

"And now", Fi queried after they had gone, "what do you want to do? it's about five o'clock, too early for a meal. Do you fancy a walk in the hills? «I know we only just had a piss", I said, "but I want to start filling again and I am thirsty being out in the sunshine." We had a great time together but as the sun began to drop and the shadows lengthen, we both realised we should get back. I said, «My bladder's really full and my cock is pretty stiff. How do you fancy helping me out?» Fi answered, «I will now, but», and sliding her hand down between us she slipped her hand through my waist-band and grasped my incredibly stiff cock.

"I want this, and she squeezed it hard as she spoke, in me as much as possible", she said. "And I want you to water this delicate flower in as many ways and places as you can imagine. I have lots of holes you know and why not wash them with your water? In return I want you to know me in the truly biblical sense. And have my piss on your body, on your face and in your mouth. In short, to be intimate beyond imagination. In other words, if you think, 'I wonder what it'd be like to try x', then we'll try 'x'. Sometimes it will work and sometimes it won't; but we'll have lots of fun experimenting. So for now, I want to try something new.»

We got back about 6.45, and Fi got a blanket out of the van. Then she steered me into more bracken about a quarter of a mile off. We lay down together, my cock stiff to the extent it almost hurt. But as I went limp she straddled me, her gorgeous slit above my face. She spurted a short spurt onto me and I drank down her nectar. Then she controlled her flow in a way I'd have thought impossible, trickling drops over my nose, eyes and forehead. She was driving me wild with passion for her and she knew it. But she knew how to hold me at the edge of desire for ages. Lowering her pussy right down she put her pee hole and clit over my open mouth. "Lick my clit!", she ordered. As I did so, she began to climax and then she pissed a steady stream over me. The rest ran over her clit and down over my face. By the time she had cum and finished pissing I was soaked and still needed both a fuck and a piss.

Turning round, so her ass was facing me, she took my cock between her lips and oh so gently flicked the tip with her tongue and began to expertly lick the tip. The sensations I experienced as her tongue-tip probed my pee-hole and her lips slid up and down my shaft was amazing. I groaned with satisfaction and, out of control, came in a forceful jet of semen deep down in her throat. I could have no more stopped my sperm from pumping than I could have stopped a runaway train. The creamy, almond-tasting liquid spurted out and instead of gagging on it, which I half expected, she drank it all with great satisfaction. Meanwhile I had been licking her pussy, probing her holes and exciting her clit. As I climaxed, she let her bladder empty over my face. I watched her jet of silver issuing forth from just and inch or two away from her pee hole; and oh how much did I enjoy that.

As I finished throbbing, the desire to 'pass water' as we used to say, took over. I said, "I'm going to piss." Expecting her to let go; instead she wrapped her lips around my shaft and licked the tip as piss dribbled out. Then she swallowed some and let more wet my balls as the release came.

Chapter 12 - Saturday 9th July 2005

I was woken early, about 6.00am by the sound of rain on the roof of the van. Peering out of the window, all I could see was a near-waterfall of rain hammering onto the ground around us. Fi stirred and said "I need a pee - what are you doing?"

"Wondering what we may do today and if we're stuck up this mountain by flooding in the valley", I answered. "The rain is coming down in sheets."

Unexpectedly Fi asked, "Have you ever peed in the rain?" «No,» I answered, «What's it like». Putting her naked legs over the side of the bed, she slipped on a T-shirt and handed me mine. Then she opened the door and pulled me out into the cascade. Standing with her legs apart, her shirt changed colour from a light blue to a dark shade as the rain saturated it. And then she peed a long deep golden stream of relief. Soaked by the rain in two minutes, we hurried back inside, stripped off and then had a hot shower.

After breakfast we drove up to Harlech. As we rounded a bend just before the town, Fi found a gateway and pulled off the road with a "Gosh! What a fabulous beach. Any chance of a swim?"

"I should think so - depends if you have something to wear, or if you were thinking of nude." Fi grinned, "I always think of nude first, but I do have some wrappings if essential!" Reaching into a locker I'd not really noticed, above her head, she pulled out a pair of binoculars and scanned the southern shores of the Peninsula. "How's your bladder doing?" Fi asked unexpectedly. "Needs filling up" I commented. Driving on down we reached the beach and there Fi discovered the reason for its remoteness. There are no access roads. Parking up in the car park, we bought two mugs of tea and huge bacon buttees from a van.

We walked down to the sands and strolled along the vast and almost empty expanse. By some dunes we stopped and just soaked up the sunshine. Then I got that familiar tickle in the end of my cock and said "I need a pee." Fi rolled towards me, undid my fly, and pulled my toy out. "I want you to pee here, lying down. I want to see it shoot up in the air! If you are a good boy, I might even water you some more! I let a little trickle out which darkened my shorts, and then, pushing, peed a jet out, and then another which probably went two feet in the air. Fi laughed, and reached out to catch the drops as they fell onto my legs and the sand. Suddenly she got up, then knelt over me, and my next jet splashed her triangle. To wash off we raced one-another down to the sea's edge, and plunged in.

Later, as we lay on the sands, she slipped her hand into my pants and pulled out my dick. "Now you should pee!" So I did; with her holding it, her thumb beneath, she felt the piss flowing down the tube and into the air. "Wonderful! That's a real turn-on for me," she said. «Now let's go back to the van, I'm hungry.»

By the time we got back it was getting late and we decided to park up off the road and spend the night near the beach. Sometime later I heard Fi's cell phone ring when I was outside the van. When I got back inside she said, «Alex, do you have any work arranged just now? «I have an assignment near Birmingham on Friday week, that is 22nd July», I said. «Why, is there anything wrong?»

«No» she answered, «But do you fancy coming to a pee party with me at the end of the month?» Seeing my questioning eyes, she went on, «I told you several of us enjoyed peeing together when we grew up. Well about five of them live in the Midlands, and that phone call was a text from the group who call themselves "Dobbin". "Dobbin!" I exclaimed, "Why Dobbin?"

"Well", Fi said, "They were all into horses as teenagers and four of them in their thirties now live together. They live in a huge house shaped like a Maltese cross, quite near the county town and also near the river, on a huge tract of land we nicknamed "The Womb"; and they know lots of contacts who like to share their interests.

Another taster ... just you wait!!

They have arranged for this party to meet together at their place and I've been invited. They don't know about you yet, but they will like you, I know. It'll be wet and messy, and a lot of fun. What do you think?»

