Saturday evening with T in a restaurant

12th May 2011, 08:44 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Saturday evening.

After our afternoon walk and beach pee then a little nap back at the Hotel. T and I thought it would be nice to eat out. We got ready and walked around for a while until we found a nice little restaurant and went in for something to eat.

The restaurant was quite full and the seats were a mixture of single chairs and bench seats, the bench seats were against a wall. We were taken to one of the bench seats and we sat alongside some other couples. It was quite soft and comfortable to sit on. We ordered our meal and waited quite a while for our main course, but we did not mind as meantime we were enjoying a nice bottle of wine and some chat with another couple.

We had finished our meal and were halfway through our second bottle of wine and we were still enjoying chatting with another couple when T got up and said I am going to freshen up, I smiled to myself as I knew what that meant. The female of the couple who we were talking with said I'll come with you.

When they both returned they had obviously been chatting as they were both laughing as they sat down. T was wearing a white flaired summer skirt and a low cut black top, when she sat back down next to me she somehow flicked at the back of her skirt to make sure that the hem was not underneath her, so now her skin was directly in contact with the bench seat. She was also sitting a lot closer to me than she was previously.

For those who have not read other postings about T and I. When T says that she is going to "freshen up" It means that she is going to take her panties off.

We sat and enjoyed quite a fun conversation with the other couple. Then they said that they had better be leaving soon. Within a couple of minutes T slid her hand toward mine and she pulled it toward her, as she was laughing at something someone had said she slightly lifted the left side of her butt and quickly slid my hand right under her butt. I could now feel that she had nothing on under her skirt. He pussy was a little moist and it felt so soft.

Although my hand could not move, a couple of my fingers did have restricted movement. I was trying to play with her clitoris with one finger, but it was very difficult, so I just tried to concentrate on playing with her nice soft Minge. We were still talking with the other couple when I felt my hand getting lovely and warm with her piss. She gave me a quick glance and a smile. I felt her piss coming in short bursts at first, then she let it go. It came out in a long slow controlled stream that seemed to go on for ages.

All the time she was pissing on the seat and in my hand she leaned backward and forward whilst in conversation. The other couple paid their bill and were getting up to leave when T finally stopped peeing. My hand was soaking wet and I knew that I had to shake hands with them, so I pulled it from under T's butt and wiped it on the seat at first and then on the napkin. We all shook hands and they left.

T looked at me and started to giggle and said, ooohh I needed that. We both laughed quietly. We paid our bill and got up to leave. As we did so I casualy looked down and I thought shit. Her piss had started to come out from under the bench seat front panel. Luckily there was some water left in a glass on the table and I made out to be clumsy and spilled it onto the front of the seat and onto the floor near her little puddle of piss. I slightly moved the table as I got out so that it was hard to see without moving the table back where it was.

We left the restaurant and started to walk back to the Hotel and T asked if I needed to pee, I said yes. We found somewhere quiet and she unzipped me and held me whilst I peed. She then kneeled down and dried me with her tongue and sucked me dry, she tucked me away and zipped me back up and we carried on walking back to the Hotel.

We got back to our room and we were in the shower together when I asked her what it felt like pissing in the restaurant. She said it felt exhilarating and very exciting, especially as she was pissing on my hand with others around.

We had both really enjoyed our evening and laughed quite a lot at her antics.

