My name is Roxanne

27th February 2008, 11:15 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

Hi I'm a sweet and innocent girl in my early 2Os with a heart of gold. Or so I would have you believe...

In reality my head is full of golden liquid thoughts, warm and comforting and my bladder is filled with the sweetest smelling nectary goodness you can imagine.

This morning I got up with a bunch of dirty thoughts as always and waited until I had the house to myself.

I rang my secret lover full of his golden gifts and invited him round to make a mess of the place and have some fun in it.

He comes to the door and I answer wearing knee high black, leaver stelletos and a black tie at the back bikini that makes my boobs look amazing. Just over a handful, nice and perky as my horny fantasies for the day are about to begin. Above my tie on bikini bottoms there is a clearly stated round bulge from which you can make out a bursting bladder.

It is a summer's day so I do not care about the little amount of clothing I am in and quickly get to work on stripping my pee lover down to his jeans. I love his chest it is slightly tanned and fairly toned, with a hint of a six pack which unfortunately is being covered by the gift of golden good hidden in front of it. I leave his jeans on. It is not right to unwrap the present quite yet for it isn't fully prepared.

I lead my lover into the back garden where my trampoline looks very inviting on this clear, yet slightly breezey day. By the trampoline I have laid out a light breakfast and a carton of orange juice each, for it is healthy to start your day with 1 of 5 a day.

We sit and we drink. It is hard to concentrate on my drinking for the pressure of my juices is building up inside with a forcefull pressure which is hard to control. I look to my lover and his is noticeably struggling too. We force the drinks down our throats and allow them an agonising half hour to settle in our already severely full bladders. As my sphincters begin to pulsate I stagger over to the trampoline, hands between legs. My lover climbs onto it first, his hand firmly on his penis, rubbing it gentley to ease the pressure of his golden gift. He bounces and relaxes and there it goes, flooding from his now erect penis and soaking through his jeans. So as not to waste it all in the fabric he works his soaked jeans off and then begins to bounce again. Again the tides break. This time with nothing on there is nothing to absorb his naughtyness or hide his enormous pulsing erection.

Horny as hell I stand in front of the trampoline allowing his out of control stream of golden goodness shower me from every angle as he bounces around the trampoline way up above me. The golden light of day sparkles through the golden liquid and at last I relax and allow my own stream to flood my bikini knickers and run down my legs and slowely fill the boots and pool around my feet. It then runs all the way up to my knees, it is so unusual to feel the warmth come back up your leg as more torrents of wonderful smelling liquid force down the legs. The pressure of the flow gives immense relief and tickles my legs playfully as the boot pools grow larger and larger round my feet and knees. It feels like a golden shower of the legs and a golden foot bath all at the same time.

Now it is my turn to give my gift of golden sparkle to my lover. I can already see he is very aroused. He has the biggest hard on i have ever seen him get, Iknew this was a good idea.

I climb with caution onto the trampoline trying not to stand on the heels incase they get stuck in the thin layer of flexable material that makes up the trampoline.

"Well you only live once!" I say as I bound into the air from my sexy pointed toes of my now extra kinky boots and fly up coming down with great force as the water flies up my legs and crotch and showers my lover down bellow me. It is still warm and every time I bounce more water sloshes on my crotch before falling into my lover's open mouth. He loves my morning pee, especially in this new exciting way. But I could not have imagined how much more arousing this was for me than him. Not only were my bikini bottoms soaked through and warm but my boots were filled with warming fluids and my crotch was constantly being sloshed by it.

Not only that I was pretty sure I was goint o pee some more now and I also felt a tremendous urge to cum. My bikini bottoms had been rubbing more and more over my clitorus as I bounced and the water sloshed around it. I didn't even have to touch myself and I found myself losing my balance as I drew nearer and nearer to my pleasantly surprising climax. Eventually I completely lost my balance falling from the trampoline not caring for my safety as I came so hard, squirting my lover in the face with more pee and a whole load of cum at the same time. He fell back with me in his arms and that was all it took to make him climax too, for he had been wanking rampantly as I had been bouncing in my own world of fun and exstasy.

You only live once. so why not live it creatively and dangerously.

