Pee and Play at the Pool

17th November 2012, 06:35 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Since peeing underwater seems to be a popular topic here, allow me to share an experience of my own...

If you haven't seen me mention it before, I'm a big believer in no underwear. Or, to word it better, nothing covering my crotch. Call me a rebellious hippie if you want, but it just makes for a much happier me. I love the odd cool breeze against my lady-bits, not to mention how convenient the easy-access is! My wardrobe is full of skirts of all types and lengths, and there are only one or two reasons I'll ever put on underwear or pants.

One of those reasons is to go swimming. In the Spring and Summer, I go swimming all the time. It's my exercise of choice! What else can one do that works out their entire body just by moving around? (I mean... besides sex ) And I am a regular fish in water. To me, swimming is almost like flying. I always get such a big kick out of it. Sadly though, it's something that always forces me to cover my crotch. People tend to frown when you display your nudities in front of their kids.

But that's OK. I've found ways around that. There have been many times I've gone to the beach, waded into the water and tied my bottoms around my knee. Who's gonna notice that in the murky sea water?

Sorry, I'm getting a little tangental here. Anyway...

There was this one time a few summers ago, I went to my local public swimming pool for my exercise time. However, this time was a little different. I was friggin' horny as HELL. My man had started to sex me up when he came home for lunch, (his work-place is really close-by) and he had to leave again before he could bring me off!

I was pretty frustrated, but I figured I would just finish myself off later. I got into my teal green bikini and an oversized tee, and drove to the pool. It was still early Summer, so all the children were still in school. When I arrived, I observed some new parents with their babies in the wading pool, as well as a few sun-bathers and lap-swimmers. Looked like everyone was too pre-occupied to pay attention to me.

I set my things down at a pool chair and slipped my tee off. It wasn't very muggy out yet, but the sun was good and hot on my skin, just the way I like it. I slipped into the water of the larger swimming area, away from the lappers, and started casually floating around. When I was certain eyes weren't on me, I even reached under the water and touched myself a bit, which only made me hornier and hornier. A half-hour had passed, and soon I was starting to feel the familiar urge; it was time for a pee.

As I've stated before, I never miss a chance to pee underwater. It's like a special treat for me; I wet myself on a daily basis but I rarely get a chance to pee underwater, it provides such... unique sensations. The thing about that day was that I was still so turned-on by what had happened before, I reeeeally wanted to enjoy it! I turned to look over at the hottub area, which was un-surprisingly empty... perfect! Heat is the best way to relax worked-out muscles, anyway.

I got out of the pool and took a brief body shower, to get the chlorine off. I then walked over to the hottub area; still vacant. I slipped into the bubbling water, and the heat just overwhelmed me. The first thing I did once I was up to my shoulders was slip my bottoms off. Alone, no one could possibly see with all the bubbling in the tub. I slipped my hand down to play with myself some more, relishing being free again. I took a deep breath, relaxed my bladder, and released my pee into the water.

The heat of the water masked the warmth of my pee, but I didn't care. The relief of my emptying bladder combined with the back-pressure of the water made me shiver with delight. I kept my hand in place, playing with myself as I peed, and it was fantastic. When I finished peeing, I shot one more glance around the rest of the pool; the lifeguard wasn't looking. They never do monitor the hottub area because of the age limit for it. I was all clear! I remembered back to how my man was touching me and nibbling me, and it didn't take long before I was vigorously masturbating.

Have you ever climaxed underwater? If not, let me tell you this: I'm not exactly sure of the scientific whys, but the orgasm seems prolonged. Like, even if you go over the edge and let go in your head, if your bits are underwater, your body holds onto every little second. As I began to bring myself off, the build-up got more and more intense, and it felt so goood. Finally, like pushing a boulder up a hill only to have it roll off the other side, I came. I came so hard I had to clamp my mouth shut to keep from screaming.

As it subsided, I took another look around the pool. Some folks were leaving, some were arriving, and, a young couple was heading in my direction. Very swiftly, I pulled my bottoms back on and got up out of the hottub. Sure enough the couple sat down their things and motioned to get into the hottub themselves.

"How's the water?" the girl of the pair asked. "Is it too hot for this weather?"

I shook my head in reply. "Ohhhhh no. I'd say it's damn-near perfect."

