Afraid of the Dark (fiction)

2nd March 2010, 11:01 PM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

Abby listened as Josh snored quietly by her side and wondered what she was going to do. It would be different if she was at her place but here, at Josh's home, she felt stranded. As long as Josh was next to her, she was fine. She could ignore the fact that way out in the country the night was black as the inside of a cat. As long as she stayed where she was at this very moment, that was. If she did that, though, Josh was going to find out about one of her big issues and, way before she wanted to tell him.

Abby had been afraid of the dark for as long as she could remember. Growing up it had meant a wet bed nearly every night. Even as a teenager she'd refused to get out of bed and put her feet on the floor in a totally dark room. And wandering to the bathroom in the dark? Completely out of the question!

It wasn't until college that Abby discovered the sheer bliss of a night light and hallways that were never dark. There was still the occasional wetting but, by that time she just thought of it as part of who she was. No big deal, as long as she was sleeping alone.

Tonight, however, she was not sleeping alone and that was a problem of increasing immediacy. Even knowing that Josh was right there, his back pressed against hers, she couldn't force herself to leave the safety of the bed. Not even to take the half a dozen steps that would reach the wall switch for the light.

Her hands were pressed tightly between her clenched thighs and with every minute that passed she felt less and less like a competent adult and more like a terrified little girl. Ohhh, she needed to pee so badly and the bathroom seemed a hundred miles away, down the long dark hallway.

Somewhere a clock tick...tick...ticked in the night, like the drip...drip...drip of pee into her engorged bladder. She squeezed her eyes shut and pressed her fingers between her pussy lips and against the yearning, pouting entrance to her pee hole.

"Please don't let me pee...please don't let me pee...please don't let me pee," she whimpered over and over, the useless mantra simply reinforcing the burgeoning need to relieve herself.

She could feel her pulse in her aching bladder, like a baton beating rhythmically on an overstretched drum head. Her slow, steady rocking increased in tempo until she was bumping against Josh's back. Still, he slept on, rolling over to spoon in behind her.

The weight of his arm thrown across her waist, pinning her to the mattress, was more than she could bear and the first trickle of pee escaped into her tightly cupped hands.

"Nooo," she wailed, jarring Josh into confused wakefulness.

"What's the matter baby," he asked, automatically drawing her closer.

"I need to go potty," she whimpered, her voice barely discernible.

Josh heard but, didn't comprehend at first, "Huh?"

"I really need to go wee," she whispered, squirming around her desperately probing fingers. "I'm gonna wet my panties !!!"

The last came out on another wail as Abby felt another spurt of pee seep through.

Josh finally caught on but was not sure he really understood what was going on.

"You know where the bathroom is, right baby?" he asked, thinking at first she was just confused because it was their first night at his place. "It's just down the hall."

"I can't," Abby managed to grind out. she'd managed to stop the flow but, there was an obvious wet spot on the sheets now.

"Can't make it?"

"NO! I can't go by myself. I's too dark!"

Josh finally got it. Until tonight, all of the nights they'd spent together had been at Abby's place. Never, in all that time had he seen the house completely dark. There were low level night lights in the hallway, a motion activated night light in the bathroom. In fact, every room in the house had at least one light that was never off.

"Stay there just a second and I'll get the light," he promised.

The sight of her curled up on her side of the bed, holding herself, looking so desperate, tugged at his heart and at something a little lower. He could see the wet spot on the sheets and how the errant pee was making her fingers glisten in the lamplight.

He crawled back in bed with her and skid one hand between her legs, over her own.

"It's okay now sweetie, He whispered. "The lights are on and you can go potty now."

"Oh, Josh," she lowered her lashes, "I'm sorry."

"Shhhh," he stroked her hair. "It's all right. I'm not mad."

"But, I've wet your bed and, I still have to go soooo bad. OH!"

Just then another spurt escaped, drowning both their hands. Josh pressed his hand up and started to rub.

"It's okay baby," he urged. "You are so sexy right now, I can't seem to keep my hands off you. Would you do that again for me?"

"But, I just wee weed on you," she squeaked.

"Uh-huh. Does it bother you that I liked it?"

Abby tried to give that the thought it deserved but, she simply couldn't concentrate. Now that the seal was well and truly broken she could no longer stop the flow from her aching bladder, completely.

"No," she replied, still sounding unsure. "I never knew anyone who did, though."

"If you let me help you," he whispered, kissing her face and then her lips, "I think you might learn to like it, too."

"What should I do?" she asked, beginning to relax at his obvious acceptance of their predicament.

"For now, just move your hands."

Abby did as he asked, still clenching for all she was worth, trying to stop the determined trickle of pee that continued to leak from her pussy. She felt him spread her wet lips and begin to play with her swollen clit, running his finger back and forth across her leaking pee hole. The feeling was amazing! She couldn't help moaning and her hips lifted against his hand of their own accord.

"I"m going to kiss you now," he told her as he slid down her body until he could press his mouth against her nether lips, slipping his tongue between.

"Oh my God, Josh! What...what are you...Oh God!"

His tongue found the focal point of her desire and flicked it, skipped over her pee hole, into her quivering cunt and then back again. The orgasm took her by surprise and wracked her with pleasure. She felt the pee spray out of her and watched as she bathed his face and chest.

He spread her lips wider and continued to work her with his thumbs, showering in her orgasm driven spray, bending down to suck hard on her clit, then on her pee hole and then her cit again.

Abby screamed her pleasure. She'd never experienced satisfaction so intense and it just went on and on and on. When Josh drove his thick, hard cock into her sodden pussy she could only howl and thrash as her body gave itself completely over to his pounding rhythm.

Josh could feel his own pleasure building and with one last thrust he emptied his creamy cum deep into her grasping, soaking depths.

He collapsed beside her and drew her close and kissed her forehead. She stared at his chest, not sure what to say.

"Abby? Are you okay, baby?"

Abby thought about it. Truthfully, she was better than okay. She felt fabulous, the lingering ache in her bladder a pleasant reminder of the most incredible sexual experience she'd ever had.

"I'm okay Josh but I never knew that, well, people did things like that."

"Does it bother you that we did that?"

"No. It really doesn't."

"Do you think you might do it again with me, sometime?"

Abby smiled against his chest. "Oh, I think we can probably work something out."

Josh breathed a sigh of relief. This part of himself was a secret he'd always hated to keep and he'd been concerned that by taking advantage of Abby's desperation, he might have alienated her.

"Can I ask you a question," she asked distracting him from his thoughts and the pleasure of snuggling her in the slowly cooling sheets.

"Sure."

"Well, what does it feel like? For a man to have to pee really bad and to have sex? Is it, you know, good?"

Josh smiled over her head, and wrapped her hand around his already thickening prick. "Well, we could try that next time and see. What do you think?"

"I think," said Abby giggling and stroking her other hand over his obviously distended bladder, "that I should have told you I was afraid of the dark MUCH sooner."

