Bathhouse accident

28th January 2008, 11:52 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

This morning I went to the bathhouse to take a long swim in the pool. I like swimming a lot and use to swim about 2000 meters three times a week. It's such a good way to keep your body trimmed (I also run at least six miles 4-5 times a week and exercise at a gym three times a week). But the bathhouse isn't just about swimming... It's also a temptation... a temptation to pee play... lol!

As a preparation I didn't pee this morning. Well... to be honest... a couple of spurts found their way through my sleeping panties when I stood up after leaving my bed, but it wasn't much... Then I had lots of tea and juice before I went. Already when I came out on the street, I felt a desperate need to pee. I took out my bike and rode away. More and more desperate, I had to grind my crotch hard against the saddle!

Of fear of accidentally waisting my pee when cumming, I hadn't had my usual pleasure trip this morning, and now the grinding instantly made me totally aroused! After five minutes I'd become a traffic hazard,wobbling to and fro on the street...

I had to stop and put a foot on the ground, but still rubbing my pussy against the saddle... Two seconds and I came big!! I almost fell off the bike! And of course I lost control and peed myself! A group of 5-6 teenage girls, probably on their way to school, came passing me. They stared at me and giggled... Comments hailed on me: "Look! She pees herself!" It was really embarrassing! Laughing and giggling they stayed watching me; I was unable to stop the pee gushing through my panties

...

I was still peeing when I quickly rode away from my teasers. But now I had to refill my bladder before I came to the bathhouse... I stopped at a cafй and ordered coffee, juice and a large bottle of mineral water. I stayed there for an hour or more reading the morning papers. Eventually I began to feel the need to pee again and resumed my interrupted ride to the bathhouse.

There were a couple of other women in the changing-room. I didn't reflect upon that my panties were soaked and when I'd undressed my skirt, at least one of them saw them and looked very curious...

When I headed for the swimming pool in my white swimming suit I needed to pee badly. Before passing the entrance door I had to quickly grab my crotch, but I couldn't avoid a small spurt finding its way through the suit, leaving a very visible patch... Standing there holding myself a woman in her thirties passed me. She stopped and asked considerately: "Are you ok, honey?" I told her I was desperate to pee and was afraid that I was going to pee myself... She took my hand (the free hand, not the one on my crotch... lol!) and said: "Come, the showers are just around the corner!" And she dragged me into a shower cabin. "Here you can go! No one else will notice and then you can shower!"

She was just a nice and helpful woman, but I was so excited! She actually exhorted me to pee my suit! I was still holding my crotch when I started to pee... And wow!! I needed to pee!! I gushed torrents through my white suit and I just had to rub my crotch a little... and that was enough to cause another orgasm! Some stifled moans slipped through my lips... "My, my...", said the woman. "Got a bit excited there, I see! Don't be embarrassed, it's quite natural!"

She left me to shower. When I was finished, I left the cabin and looked for her, but she was nowhere... So, I jumped into the pool and swam my 2000 meters.

Yvette

