Soaked at Home Depot

9th June 2008, 06:28 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Sam strode nervously up the aisle of Home Depo, his hand clenched in his pocket. His bladder was a burning, straining hardness in his stomach. Despite his hatred of public toilets, he had rushed to the Men's room moments earlier-- only to discover that it was closed due to vandalism. Now he had a real problem on his hands. He didn't know if he could hold it long enough to get out to his car and to the next gas station, and he didn't want to abandon his basket full of painting supplies. His fingers squeezed and grasped his dick whenever no one was looking. He felt like his pent up piss was already leaking, snaking down his urethra. He took a deep breath and scurried behind a display of doors so he could hold himself.

All the water he had drank that day as he worked on the new shed had caught up with him now that he was out of the sun. It strained and sloshed within his bulging bladder, threatening to break loose. Sam had already surreptitiously adjusted his belt twice to accommodate the huge, still-growing lump in his abdomen. He didn't think he had ever had to piss this bad before. He had reached the point of no return already, when he'd rushed to the restroom, and he remembered with blushing shame the electric fear he had felt when a desperate spurt escaped him, standing outside the closed bathroom door.

Now another short jet of piss burst free and soaked into the front of his jeans, creating a quarter-sized wet spot. Sam moaned and bent over. He was sure someone must be looking at him, but he no longer cared. He had to piss. NOW. He was going to piss RIGHT NOW whether or not he wanted to. Panting, Sam ducked into an empty aisle and stood with his chest against a shelf, pretending to examine some pushed-back boxes.

His unseen hands fumbled frantically at his zipper and he whipped his dick out just as he started pissing, his thick, hissing flow bursting out of him and splattering onto the empty pallets beneath. Sam breathed an audible sigh of relief. His bladder was still as tight and hot as ever but the immediate urge was gone-- he was pissing, and not in his pants. Piss began to run back into the aisle, over his feet, as it continued to surge out of him.

Suddenly, Sam heard footsteps coming up the next aisle, and bent and squirmed to get his flow under control. He stuffed his dick back into his pants, still dribbling, and hurried away just as a young woman entered the aisle. Fortunately, she didn't look down to see the creeping yellow puddle, and Sam was undetected. Unfortunately, his shameful, desperate deed had only relieved a small amount of his need to piss, and his rock-hard bladder still sent urgent signals to his brain.

What the fuck am I gonna do? wondered Sam, holding his basket in front of his crotch to hide the tell-tale wet spot and trailing dribbles towards his knees. He was sure he couldn't make the long walk back across the store to the parking lot, let alone find his car and get in before he wet himself. Every step jostled his bladder and make his breath catch in his throat. He had to clench every muscle in his body to hold back.

"Oh, fuck, fuck," muttered Sam, looking around. The sight of an aisle of display toilets-- lids bolted on-- filled him with a burning, desperate urge, and another hot jet of piss escaped his dick. Suddenly a thought hit him. The garden section! If he could just make it to the garden section and hide in the plants, pissing in a pot of dirt--

He began to walk as fast as he dared, shuffling awkwardly, trying not to bump or shake his bladder. The garden section was visible but seemed miles away. He was steadily dribbling now, tiny trails of pee making their way down his legs, warming his balls where they caught in his briefs. His cheeks were hot and red and he bowed his head when other customers passed by, hoping fervently that they couldn't see his shame. Closer now. He stopped at the end of an aisle of hoses, bending over nearly in half, clutching his dick for all it was worth. His bladder throbbed, pushing hard against his belt buckle.

Sam moaned aloud, squirming. Somehow he was able to control himself and the urge slowly dropped a few decibels in intensity. He shuffled forward, his hand clenching his dick in his pocket. He was almost there. Almost. Upon the sight of a potted plant in the distance, his impossibly full bladder lept and thrashed, unable to bear the thought of relief so close and yet to far. A hot, hissing jet of desperate piss burst free from his bladder, and then another, so that the wet patch reached past where his basket ended.

"No, no," moaned Sam, still moving forward as fast as he could without losing control completely. "Oh God, no..."

To his absolute horror, he began to hear the sound of a water fountain, and as he turned the next corner he saw it. A decorative birdbath with a little spout of water in the middle, spurting continuously upwards and then tinkling back into the water. This was far too much for poor Sam to handle, and the tides of piss surged and burned red-hot and thrashed within his bladder, dribbling and spurting through his tight, weakened muscles, and finally bursting forth with tidal-wave strength as Sam squirmed and writhed and moaned. His muscles gave way.

Steaming piss poured from his bladder and surged out his half-hard dick, soaking his jeans, running in streams to the floor where it pooled around his feet. He stood there in the middle of the aisle, unable to stop. The desperate tides within his bladder had finally overpowered him-- the bottles and bottles of water, the lemonade, the beer, demanding release and finally winning, now splattering and hissing loudly, the rivers of piss glinting under the lights. Sam sighed deeply and shut his eyes.

He couldn't move. The relief was more intense than any orgasm as the huge rock in his stomach slowly grew smaller, as the golden floods spilled out. His legs felt five times heavier, his jeans were so drenched, yet still he continued to piss. Soon he was soaked from crotch to toe all around his legs, and the pee simply cascaded off the over-saturated fabric, splattering and streaming onto the floor. The puddle was gigantic and ran all the way down the aisle into the main aisle. Already people were staring at the spectacle, but Sam couldn't stop.

The sound of his accident overpowered the fountain and even the quiet radio that was played over the loudspeakers. Slowly, his bladder shrunk, the intense burning urge lessening until his bladder was at the point where he would usually get up to piss-- noticeable, but not urgent. Only then was he able to stop. Not meeting anyone's eyes, he dropped his basket and rushed out of the store through a back exit, leaving a thick trail of piss behind him, still dripping and streaming onto the floor from his drenched jeans though his penis had stopped pissing. He wanted to cry. He had never been this humilated.

He was able to make it back to his truck with only a few laughs and stares, and he sat down on his vinyl seat, trembling, the fabric of his jeans squishing as he moved. With tears in his eyes, he started the truck. He got back on the highway headed towards home, relieved that at least he was out of the public eye, and could change and shower when he got back.

About halfway home his bladder twinged again, and his weakened muscles warned him with a trembling surge of heat. There was nothing he wanted less than to get out of the car again to find a bathroom, but he was sure he would wet himself if he didn't-- there were still 30 minutes left in the drive, and it was getting on towards rush hour. Sure enough, Sam ran into a traffic jam before the next exit-- cars backed up almost unmoving as far as he could see. He groaned and looked around for something to piss in, but he had just cleaned out his car the previous day.

There was not a single stray cup or rag to catch enough of his piss to give him time to get home. He began to wish he'd just finished his pee in the store. His bladder twinged again, and though he was not nearly as full as before, he was just as desperate and his muscles were strained and weak. He shifted back and forth in the seat, hoping to lighten the pressure. He undid his belt entirely but the shock of his hand against his bladder caused a spurt to burst forth, re-wetting the damp cold denim of his crotch.

The warmth was almost too much to take. Another two-second surge of piss burst forth and pooled around his balls. Sam knew he was losing the fight. He pulled his dick out of his jeans and pinched the wet head, hoping to stall the inevitable. Piss dribbled out around his fingers. He began to stroke himself, hoping that if he got hard he wouldn't be able to piss, trying to hide what he was doing from the cars around him. He tried to forget where he was and think the hottest thoughts he could, until, to his relief, his dick was rock-hard and straining in his hand. He concentrated on the road, inching forward, but continued to stroke to keep his erection.

Come on, Sam. You can do this. Just a mile to the next exit. Just a mile...

His bladder sent a surge of electric pain through his body, terminating in his dick, and a hot surge of piss jetted up out of his rock-hard cock and splattered against the windshield. Another followed, then another, before Sam was able to get his dick under control. His ears and cheeks burned. He was still as hard as ever, but piss kept jetting out, now against the floor as Sam pointed his dick downwards.

Wincing, he tucked it back into his jeans, and just in time-- with one last burning scream his bladder failed again, and hot piss surged out of him, pooling in the seat, streaming around his balls, soaking into his shirt from the pressure. Overcome with relief and pleasure, Sam started rubbing himself through the denim, surges of ecstasy coursing through his body as his hot, desperate piss hissed and splashed from his dick.

Throwing caution to the wind, he reached in through his open zipper and pulled his cock out, still pissing, stroking it frantically. His piss splattered all over the car, thrashed in every direction as he masturbated, surging endlessly from his throbbing dick, his stream as thick and wide as a pencil. His shirt was soaked completely. Moaning, his hand moved faster and faster and he began to raise himself off the seat, his piss now running in splashing streams down into the puddle.

It looked like a miniature waterfall into a lake, glistening in the sun. His pleasure climbed and climbed until he couldn't stand it but still he didn't come, and still his piss splashed out. Finally the stream began to get weaker and he climbed higher and higher, until he let out a groan and shot his wad against the windshield just as his flow let out. He dropped back into the seat, panting. The piss soaked all around him like he was sitting in a river.

