When Mousey met her match - wet n pissy

17th May 2010, 04:45 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! (but British) (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

There are 2 other parts to this story I have already posted. 1 about the aftermath pretty much and another about the start of the night where we were playing with each other's bladder's when in bars. This part is about going to stay over at his friend's flat and having the living room to ourselves all night hehe.

So we got to his friend's house and his sleepy friend let us in and then went back to bed leaving us the living room all to ourselves. By the time we'd got back to this place I was desperate to pee. Not terribly desperate, but the walk there had been slow and careful and when we arrived I had sat down and wasn't completely still. He drank some water to catch up as he said he was starting to get a lil desp himself and I'd said he'd better catch up.

Later when we were both fuller we began to have some fun on the sofa. He pushed on my bladder and I pushed on his. We then stripped to underwear so that if we wet a little it would be easier to hide in the morning when we left. We weren't too worried about the sofa coz we didn't plan to have a full wetting and since the sofa was leather we assumed it'd be easy to just wipe off.

Firstly we were just pushing on each other's bladders as we had before. Then we started taking it in turns, who was lay on top of who and pulled each other in close sorta humping. I was on top of him first, then I told him to get on me. Then when he got off I told him to push his knee into my bladder. That was good.

I then pushed my knees into his bladder and put on my weight. He looked like I'd felt when he'd pushed one knee into mine. Then he got me to sit on his bladder and bounce around on it. He positioned me where it would cause him most discomfort and I learnt what made him cringe most and did it. Then he leant forward and pushed my bladder really hard with his hands as I bounced sat on him. Because I needed to pee a lot now the pushing on my bladder he was doing was causing me to wriggle a lot on his belly which was causing him to wince a lot and I could feel his legs wriggle a bit at times under me too. Eventually I lost it a bit on him and he felt the warmth. Now i had lost some I really wanted him to so I started to really push myself into his bladder.

I was really really squahing his bladder and jolting it around using all of my weight and he kept pushing on me as I let out little squirts of pee now and again through my knickers onto his belly.

Eventually, he decided to try n make me cum n pee at the same time by licking me. I squirted all over the place before I began to worry I'd ruined the sofa. I then tried to make him cum by rubbing my pissy knickers into him, riding his bladder some more and sucking him.

After all that he still hadn't leaked. So I rode him much much harder and he looked like he was dying a slow and painful death. His face was covered in his painful expression. I kept asking him if he was ok and he said he was and was encouraging me to keep going and to push here instead of there etc. Eventually, after he'd wriggled under me for a while I told him to get back on me so that I could feel my bladder be pushed again. I put my hand between us and pushed into both our bladders hard. I alternateed this with pulling him into me really hard and pushing my hands really hard into him. Eventually after he'd wriggled some more he finally began to leak. I felt the warmth. I then got on top of his wet patch and began to hump it which caused him more wriggling and wetting underneath me. I then peed some more on his wet patch deliberately.

We then finished much needed pees in the toilet together. He peed on my knickers and I peed through mine and we kissed.

It was all pretty amazing.

We decided to snuggle up on the other sofa under the blanket keeping our wet underwear on but putting our clean jeans on over them. We had to spray frebreeze all over the sofa like because the pee had ran down the leather cushions and wet through the material underneath (ooops!).

The morning involved me playing with his wet patch on his underpants, him playing with my wet knickers which I had then changed out of and him tryinng to wet when I had my hand on his underpants so that I could spread it. We then went to the bathroom together again and he finished peeing unfortunately before I got there and then I peed and he put his hand in my stream. We didn't wash our hands and we got out of the house as soon as we could.

Unfortunately this is when we realised he'd lost his car keys and had to walk round the city centre looking in the bars for them when all pissy n smelly, especially our hands. Though we did get chance to wash them a couple of bars into the search, lol. See the first post about awkwardness lol. We were smelly like. When the breeze came you could smell it lol. But it was just funny whereas if we'd been alone it would have been humiliating. Just a good job our jeans over our underwear were dry, else it would have been more obvious than just a faint scent lol.

