Our Miss Heather, Chapter 3

24th January 2020, 06:56 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is chapter three. There may be more, maybe.

This continues my tale about my college's business law professor, Miss Heather. While I’m a pretty good student, it was this class more than any other, that caused me at least a little concern. It was a good type of concern and I had a lot of fun with it. Miss Heather was almost twice my age at thirty five and really hot. She always dressed well, usually wearing tight skirts that barely reached her knee and always wearing heels that accentuated her long legs. During the second week of her class, I couldn’t take my eyes away from one of her animated lectures, as she moved around the front of the room, breasts bouncing in a white blouse and a tight skirt. Her antics caused me to lose control of a very obvious erection and cum in my tan shorts. It also might have been those very visible panty lines, of hers that were so prominently on display. I wondered what was happening to me, but there is a little more about that in chapter one of “This Very Sexy Lady”.

Later, in chapter three “This Very Sexy Lady":

The rest of the afternoon and well into the evening our antics at the beach house continued. Heather was, so attentive and even when she was high from the wine and pot we’d consumed, made everything seem so sexy. The wetness on her swimsuit slowly dried, leaving an obvious yellow stain on that beautiful ass of hers. After a while she cuddled up on my lap and I couldn’t resist pulling the pissy crotch of her swimsuit aside and tonguing her pussy until she came. More would come later, since it was my turn to tease her for her naughtiness. After all she was still “Miss Heather”, and needed to be treated as such.

Until late into the evening we did all the things that two people, totally lusting over one another. She can really be a “slut" when she wants to and I did whatever made her reach that level of obsession.

As usual, I slept until pretty late Sunday morning, but realized Heather was already up doing things around the beach house. Finally, I hear, “OK sleepy head, time to join me for breakfast”. Hungrily, I slipped on some shorts and entered the kitchen. Noticing food cooking on the gas range and smelling freshly brewed coffee, I almost couldn’t wait, but way more than that I found myself watching Heather. I'd say beautiful, but even more, was the way she was dressed. From her hair bradded in long pigtails, to her braless tits almost spilling out of a blue loose fitting blouse and the always present wedge sandals accentuating that beautiful ass of hers. She was going to be hard to resist.

The part that really got my attention, though, was the light blue cotton pantie that peaked from below the long tails of her blouse. It clearly was my favorite, with high cut sides, a style that really looked nice on her. It took a minute, but after examining her bottom as she walked around the stove a couple of times, I noticed it wasn't a normal cotton pantie, but a girls training pantie or in Heathers case a ladies training pantie. My curiosity was aroused.

It really was a girls training pantie, made of a thick cotton, designed for a young lady having trouble controlling her bladder. The way it covered her butt and love mound was causing something to happen in my jeans. It wasn’t something I could hide either. She noticed the swelling in my pants after pouring coffee and bringing two steaming cups out to the patio. I loved the way her pantie hugged her swollen pussy. She put the coffee cups down and sat very close to me with her hand slipping onto my erection. We talked about our plans for the day, all the while she’d begun rocking her crossed legs. I wondered if she needed to pee.

We continued our conversation as Heather decided to get more coffee. I couldn’t miss that butt of hers as she walked to the kitchen, but there was something else. Her pantie was wet surrounding the double crotch band. Had she really wet herself while playing with me? Picking up the carafe, she returned. There was no doubt, yes she’d peed, a wet patch nearly covered that sexy puss of hers. She caught me staring.

“What’s the matter, I think I know what you're looking at. Besides it’s your fault, whenever you get that big, it makes me pee a little. And anyway, this type of pantie protects the furniture if I decide to 'kind of just go'. Don’t worry, it’ll be OK “. Heather returned to the seat next to me but not before, I got a nice look at a now larger wet stain on her ass. The smile lighting up her face suggested there would be more.

We talked about her peeing on herself while I reached between her legs, massaging her pussy, whispering in her ear how much her wetting turned me on. I wanted to know why she was wearing “girls training panties” and why she’d decided to just pee in them. What came next surprised me, evidently her wetting on herself really had nothing to do with me and everything to do with her own “little thing” as she put it.

Needing to know more, “Heather how long have you been wetting your pants?” Her answer left little doubt about what was about to happen.

Heather sat up, straddling my leg, telling me how she started wetting herself when she was in high school. Evidently she was really fascinated with a guys erection and started noticing guys a lot more while she was cheer leading for the football team. She was grinding her wet panties into my my leg. As she is telling me this, my leg was getting wetter, pee wet. She said during one of the games she noticed another student in front of her staring up her legs as she was doing her cheers. She said that the guys cock got so big, she couldn’t take her mind off of it and was so excited, she started squirting pee in her light blue cheer leader panties. Too late and barely able to stop wetting herself she had one of her first orgasms. They won the game, but she had to stand in front of her friends in totally pissed panties. She said she loved it, especially when she realized that if you're attractive enough, you can get away with doing almost anything, including peeing yourself.

Her habit continued into college and each time she saw an engorged cock she’d pee herself a little. She got used to the dribbling and enjoyed the wetness, which sometimes got her so excited, she’d cum. Peeing herself started to be a habit to the point she decided maybe she needed to deal with it. One day she attended a really fun keg party. A girlfriend noticed that she’d pissed her jeans and suggested that maybe a training pantie designed for an adult women might be a big help. Her friend said her teenaged sister also frequently peed in her pants and wore training panties to prevent attention.

Now, as long as she didn’t pee too much, she could dribble a bit now and then, enjoying the wetness between her legs. She found that when her training pantie was all soppy, she could even discreetly cum if she was careful. Heather said she found the wetness between her legs quite comforting.

Heather also said she’d often wear her special panties when she was conducting her business law class. She really liked her tea in the mornings and if she was slow getting to the ladies room the training pantie was a nice convenience. Sometimes after a day on campus, She'd reach her condo late in the afternoon, strip off her skirt and find her pantie at least a little pissy. She said it was fun to pee that way, usually with no one realizing her puss was soaking. She wondered what her students would think if they knew their sexy professor was standing in front of them spritzing herself with pee. I loved the way she was confiding her little kink to me.

Towards noon, I’d had enough of her wet ass as she moved around the beach house. She’d alternate cleaning the kitchen with little visits straddling my right leg, sharing a little pot, while I messaged her nearly perfect breasts. Her pissed in pantie making an ever larger wet patch on my jeans. I took her into the bedroom, stripped her and licked her puss until she orgasmed. Then of course, I did the responsible thing. She likes that.

I was thinking of a devious game, I wanted to play with her and Monday’s 2PM Business Law class would be the perfect place for it. I suggested that she wear one of her tight pencil skirts, a white frilly blouse that does so much to display her gorgeous tits and some four inch heels. I told her I’d be sitting directly in front of her. She was catching on and thought it best if she wore a pair of her special panties, just for me.

Next

