Kirsty lends a hand

22nd September 2005, 10:24 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

She was gorgeous. She was across the room at Dave's party - a crowded room as Dave's house was small but his circle of friends was huge!

I knew she was John's sister and I'd seen her a couple of times before, but we'd never really talked - but her smile had got my heart beating a few times! As had her small but perfectly formed boobs all evening. It was a warm summer night and she was wearing a very skimpy low necked top, showing an exquiste but subtle cleavage. As she talked to her friends and I talked to mine, our eyes would meet every so often and she'd flash me that smile. Oh that smile... I HAD to speak to her.

After a while I noticed her walking away from her friends. She turned to them and held her glass up, shaking it.

"Anyone want more drink? I'm just off to the kitchen to get some." she asked them. Her friend Tracy held up a bottle of vodka in one hand and an even bigger bottle of cider in the other. "I think we're OK Kirst!" she laughed drunkenly.

Kirsty proceded to the kitchen. As she passed me she smiled, winked, then blew me a kiss! Without another thought, I followed her.

The kitchen table was groaning under cans of beer, bottles of cider, coke, Whisky, spirits - everything! Kirsty poured some Whisky into a glass then filled the rest of the glass with Coke. She turned and saw me at the door.

"Hiya, it's Matt isn't it? You're on the same course as Dave aren't you?"

We just clicked straightaway and talked and talked... Every so often she laughed and grabbed my arm, looking deep into my eyes. We talked about Uni friends, travel, music, everything... And as we talked we got more and more physical. The real ice breaker was when she poked one of my now erect nipples through my moist T-shirt. (Yes blokes get stiff nipples too!)

"You've got stiffy nips!" she laughed "Your a girl!"

Without thinking I returned the compliment and poked both her nipples through her top. God I wanted to hold and carress her beautiful breasts.

"Naughty" she said, smiling devilishly. The talk now got bluer and bluer, and as we talked, Kirsty's hand started disapearing between her legs and she started to squirm. She clearly needed to pee. So did I! But she carried on talking for a while, and I started to think maybe she was too embarresed to mention it. So I decided to ease her pain by going first.

"Kirst, I need to go for a wizz. Don't move from this spot, I'll be back in five!"

But Kirsty put her mouth to my ear and said quietly "Can I....help you?"

I was confused. "Help with what Kirst? I think I know how to pee!" I laughed.

She looked into my eyes. "I just want to...you know... hold it when you go. I've never held a man's thing when he wees". Blimey! My "thing" started swelling in my jeans as she looked at me. She moved close, hugging me with one arm whilst the other went to my crotch as she pressed her hand against my hardening tool. She could feel it growing. "Nice" she whispered with a grin.

"Kirst, if we're going, we'd better go now. I'll need to sit down soon!"

"So I CAN help you?"

"Of course!" I said "as long as I can help YOU as well..." I smiled.

She grabbed my hand and literally pulled me through the hallway to the stairs and dragged me upstairs to Dave's bathoom. Inevitably - being a busy party - it was occupied.

Kirsty knocked on the door. "Come on Trish, I need the loo!"

"I'll be out in a min" came the reply.

How DID these girls know who was in the loo. Was it telepathy or did they recognise each others "sounds..."

As we waited Kirsty put her hand between her legs and smiled as she squirmed. She was clearly getting desperate

. She pulled me toward her again, then whispered "Here, you have a go". Before I could ask what she meant, she grabbed my hand and pressed it against her crotch. "Hold it in for me Matt" Her crotch was hot and moist with sweat (at least I thought it was sweat). I pressed hard, wanting to feel as much of her shape as I could. "Careful!", you'll make me go!" I pulled her close to me, partly because I wanted to feel every inch of her, and partly to conceal my very obvious erection from onlookers!

The loo door flew open and Trish came out. "It's all yours Kirst...oh, and Matt. Hmmm. You two have fun in there!" she smiled, as Kirsty and me dashed in, locking the door.

"You go first" said Kirsty, and I went for my flies.

"No" she said watching my hands on my zip "that's my job".

As I lifted my hands away, Kirsty stood beside me and pulled down my zip. Then she put her hand inside and grabbed my fella. "God, it's stiff!" she said breathlessly. She struggled for a few seconds but was obviously inexperienced at this. "It'll be best if you undo the button Kirsty". "I guess", she said smiling, and undid the button of my jeans and pulled the flaps wide. Then she pulled the front of my underpants down and levered my tool out.

I wasn't fully erect, but I was hard enough to need "pressing down" if I was going to hit the bowl. Kirsty grabbed my cock and wrapped her hand around it, pointing it towards the bowl.

"I'm not hurting you am I?"

Before I could answer, my jet started. "Wow" said Kirsty, staring at the flow. She aimed it at the water, then started playing, making my "pee sabre" move round the bowl. She laughed. Suddenly, she put her free hand in front of my stream and felt the warm fluid hit the palm of her hand. The splashes were going everywhere, but neither of us cared. She took her soaking hand and rubbed it over her breasts, as her top became almost transparent. Then she squatted down, leant over the bowl and put her face into my stream. She didn't drink, but slowly moved her face round as my pee hit her nose, her closed eyes, her chin...

My heart was pounding, and as my stream eventually slowed, my dick started to get harder. Kirsty opened her eyes. "Fantastic.." she whispered, looking into my eyes. "You can do me now"

As I stepped back, she stood in front of the toilet and smiled, her bra showing through her top, wet with passion sweat and my urine.

Suddenly she put her hands to her waist and grabbed her top, pulling it over her head. She threw it to the floor theatrically.

"OK, your go" she said. I reached for her Jeans button, undid it, and pulled down her zip. Her white panties were revealed as I lowered her Jeans down to her ankles. I enjoyed the view of her panties glued to her moist crotch for a moment.

"Come on Matt, I'm bursting"

So I pulled her panties down, and sat her down on the bowl, spreading her legs. She immediately let go a huge spray of pee, coming out like a twisted blade as it passed through her swollen labia. "Pull my lips apart Matt." I reached down and parted her curtains with 2 fingers, and the stream turned into a rod. I put my free hand into her stream. She was peein' hard! I felt her piss flow through my fingers. Instinctively she reached down and started to rub her clitoris in an exqusite figure of eight movement. "Hey, that's my job!" I said with a smile, and replaced her hand with mine as I copied her figure of eight motion.

As I rubbed, her spray flipped around the bowl, and she grabbed my finger and used it on her clit as she aproached orgasm.

"Quick, cum on me!" she said as her hips started to thrust as she sat.

I stood up in front of her and she grabbed my rock hard tool and started to pull up and down. She was masturbating herself with one hand and me with the other! My penis was like a touch paper and spurted a creamy spray over her stomach and breasts within seconds. Her orgasm followed soon after and I hugged her as her body convulsed. I lifted her up and we fell into each other arms on the floor.

