Me and girlfriend both pee in her bath!

13th July 2007, 06:10 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Me and my ex used to have a lot of peefun together, having realised we had this joint fetish almost by accident! This is the kind of thing that got us both horny:

I went naked into the bathroom for my morning pee while Rachel - who'd got up 20 minutes earlier while I was still asleep - was luxuriating in a hot bath. I said a quick "hi" before standing in front of the toilet and taking my penis in hand, ready to release. But then I heard a voice from the bath:

"Hey, watch this..."

She'd turned round so she was sitting at the tap end, and proceeded to lift both feet so they were on the edge of the bath. This gave me a wonderful view of her divine pussy, her short pubes half in and out of the water.

"Mmmm, lovely!" I said with a naughty grin.

"Just keep watching" she said with a smile.

I was bemused. What was the encore? Was she going to make fart bubbles?

I continued to watch, and still couldn't work out what I was supposed to be looking at. Then I saw. Around her pussy, a yellow cloud was growing in the bathwater. It was absolutely silent, but mesmerising, with the force of Rachel's concentrated morning wee making the surface of the water visibly ripple. She was grinning like a Cheshire cat, knowing the effect this would have on me. Then she lifted her bum slightly, and the silence was broken as her powerful stream broke the surface and powered half way along the bath before hitting the liquid with that divine sound of pee on water.

My cock - with nothing to restrain it - quickly swelled and pointed out stiffly in front of me, only my need to pee stopping me getting a full erection. With her flow finally stopping, she beckoned me over and took my cock in her hand.

"You still need to pee?" she asked.

"I'm bursting"

"OK, do it over me."

I didn't need a second invitation. As she held me, I relaxed my muscles and a powerful arc of gold left the end of my cock and hit first the bathwater, then her pussy, stomach and breasts as she directed it. My pee went on for over a minute, as we both got more and more turned on.

When my pee finally finished, Rachel quickly stood up, nipples now sticking out like thimbles, and stepped out of the bath. Still dripping wet, she took my tool with one hand, which was now swollen to maximum hardness, and, with the other pushed me backwards to the bedroom where we had THE most amazing sex!

Till then I never realised what a turn on underwater peeing could be!

