What A Party

7th January 2013, 12:13 AM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

This is not part of my novella but rather something that I started writing one night when I could not sleep. Any comments would be greatly appreciated, I always love opinions on what I have wrote.

WHAT A PARTY

The party was in full flow, the sound of laughter could be heard over the music that was filling the house. Everyone was having a good time; people were dancing, chatting and just enjoying the frivolity of the whole occasion. Well, everyone except for me. I had no idea why I was feeling so down. I was in the prime of my life both mentally and physically I was a perfect specimen. It was something I was proud of and I never had trouble with getting girls, they practically threw themselves at me. I had already made out with a girl on the night but I had an overwhelming feeling of nothingness coming over me.

It touched the core of my essence and all I could do was stare absentmindedly at the people enjoying themselves, a shell of myself. I was able to function normally, I was smiling and laughing when needed and was holding conversation the same as ever. Yet there was a part of me that did not want to be there, life itself had lost all meaning. The thing I craved the least was human company and I could not help but hate those around me in their joy. I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs, I had had enough with it all!

Then I saw her. In the moment of my internal rage when all I wanted to do was escape I saw her out of the corner of my eye. She was on the edge of a group of guys and girls who were chatting and laughing and that was when I saw it. She was standing there going along with what was expected of her in such a social occasion but I could tell that she was as angry as I at that time. My rage grew as I saw someone who was sharing in my intimate moment while at the same time I yearned for her.

She was a small creature, could not have been more than 5ft4 yet she was not frail as one would expect. She had strength to her and she had a womanly body. Her breasts were like ripe grapefruits that could be seen through her sheer top, tormenting me. Her hips were round and were positioned curvaceously on top of thighs that were thick as tree trunks.

Deep down I knew that we were supposed to be together. My breath caught when our eyes met and I knew that she grew angry when she saw me. The type of anger that I had that creates an animal lust that cannot be measured by even the greatest wordsmith. She put her hand on a friends shoulder and left the room to go outside onto the porch. She glanced once in my direction as she passed my group of friends. I was being driven insane by this vixen and I had to have her in my arms. I told my friends that I was popping outside for some fresh air. I did not even hear my own voice, it was a mechanical noise. I got outside and saw here there leaning against the railing her buttocks protruding barely contained by her jeans.

I walked up behind her and twisted her around and we locked eyes, staring into each other's essences in pure silence. I pulled her into me and she did not resist and then as if fate had planned our meeting I kissed her passionately and she kissed back. Our tongues were dancing the tango of lust and our bodies were becoming entwined. We stopped the kiss and smiled and these were smiles of real joy not the robotic responses we were so used to. It was an amazing feeling and not wanting it to end we took each other's hands and ran up the stairs to the one empty bedroom. We locked the door and started taking our clothes off letting them fall as we made a beeline for the bed. We stood apart from each other both completely naked and I marvelled at her beauty.

The silence was a heavy blanket of nothingness that covered us as I drew her into my arms and we moulded together as if we had been apart all our lives. She looked up at me searching with those previously lifeless eyes that now had a fire burning in them and I met her gaze. I bent me head forward and kissed her with reckless abandon as my hands felt her body. We collapsed onto the bed our bodies writhing rhythmically and I ventured southwards.

I hovered above her beautiful pussy which had a small patch of hair located above her Mons and I thrust my face on her. My nose slightly parted her labium and she purred as my tongue slipped inside the small gap and slithered up and down the gap carefully skirting around her clit which was becoming more and more engorged as it was teased. My hands had a breast each and my fingers were delicately caressing and pinching her hard nipples which caused her body to quiver.

I brought my right hand down as I pulled my head away. I inserted my index finger ever so slowly into her pussy and she moaned ecstatically. I proceeded to add two more fingers before I began to develop a come hither motion as they searched for the magical X of the treasure map. As my fingers went on their journey I brought my mouth to her clit which was begging to be attended to and I happily obliged.

As I took her in my mouth the rage that had built up in me evaporated. This woman was willingly giving herself to me and my love for humanity was reborn in that fleeting moment. She shrieked when my fingers found their destination and when I looked at her serene face I knew that she too possessed no more hate or anger. Knowing that a man wanted her in such an intimate way was enough to nurture the love that had all but died. We were now complete.

My fingers were a blur as they moved forward and back at a blistering pace and her bucking hips were meeting them in a collision that guaranteed an explosion. As I knew would happen her body shuddered, she squealed and her warm sweet liquid was released with a ferocious velocity. My face was covered by her essence which her body willingly gave to me and I gladly received. Her hands grabbed the back of my soaked head and pushed me towards her smothering me in her womanhood. She let go and then took me in her hands and without any warning took me inside her. I gasped slightly not expecting her to do so that quickly. A different type of rage formed in me, not the depressed rage of before but one of lust.

It was not one directed towards her but rather towards the act itself. That she would take me so forcefully and lustfully into her without even a word made me angry. This moment that was so amazingly special was also altogether meaningless and this angered me. Then as I looked at her smiling face I knew that she was angered to. This shared intimate anger at the whole ridiculousness of it all drove us wild and I thrust vehemently as she undulated violently and we brought each other to our climaxes. Still inside her I became limp but I did not separate from her and she did not let me holding on to me desiring the connection for as long as possible. We lay there together in the incredibly intimate but also passionately pathetic embrace, not wanting to separate but also knowing how idiotic the connection was.

An age had passed when she let go of me and the connection was severed. I got of the bed without uttering a word and walked to the bathroom knowing that the alcohol was ready to be expelled. I had lifted the toilet seat and was about to empty my bladder when I felt her warm hands squeeze my buttocks. I turned to look at her majestic sweat covered body and the smile on her face was so breath-taking that it frightened me. Without breaking eye contact she got down on her knees and smiled so angelically that I crumbled there and then.

This woman had seen how torn I was and had broken me completely and now I was being rebuilt. It was something I thought would never happen but to my joyous delight the metamorphosis had begun. Her mouth was open and I knew what she craved and her lust drove me to insanity but I could do nothing but give in to her will. I moaned as my bladder released its pressure and my pee escaped its fleshy prison to make its home in her throat. The hose had been turned on and was at full strength and she was guzzling it down, greedy o so greedy! She shuffled forward and wrapped her moist lips around my semi-erect cock taking my pee into her and not wasting any.

After a few moments she pulled away and I was spent and could feel my body wilting wanting to be held by her. It was almost childlike in manner, I wanted the strength of her embrace in the same way a child wants its mother's bosom. I knelt down and she welcomed me with her arms and I knew my search was over, I had found my mate and the feeling was intoxicating. We held each other and I knew she was feeling the same way. To my dismay she stood up and I feared that she was leaving, dread seeped through me. I needn't have worried as all she did was stand above me spread herself with her fingers and smile as her pee sprang forth!

Never having done something so bold before in my travels and explorations I did not know what it was going to be like. The warmth as her pee made contact with my naked body was soothing. I opened my mouth knowing that I wanted her in me and I swallowed all that I could and the saltiness was the sweetest thing I had ever tasted because knowing it was her that I was taking in to me made the taste phenomenal! She squatted above my face as the last of her pee dripped out and then I stood and we kissed once more. The smell of sex, pee and sweat was heavy in the air and we laughed hysterically! We left the safety of the bathroom and I headed towards the bed when she tugged on my hand and stopped me.

«You are not ashamed of me are you?»

I was taken aback by her question, I resented her for it.

«Why would you even think such a thing? No! That is pure insanity, you are the light that binds me to life and I dare not think of what would happen to me if I lost you!»

She smiled knowing that my words were true and then she jumped into my arms giggling childishly.

«Let's leave our clothes and just run, be free together!»

I pulled my head back half expecting her to laugh and then reach for her clothing but it was not so! This she-devil was deadly serious and the love I felt for her raged inside of me.

«You are wild and crazy; it is what draws me to you!»

With that we took each other's hands and opened the door to the world not caring what it thought of us because when we were together we were the world! We ran to the stairs and through the house smiling with insane passion. The party was in full flow, the sound of laughter, chatting was at high levels and people were swaying to the music. Yet for the few seconds that two people madly in love ignorant of the world were running through the house the world stopped and stared in amazement and disgust. It could not understand what these two people felt and it never would. This sole fact is why life is so precious and should be embraced as a privilege and not a right. The world will only ever know hate and if it knows love it will not be the one that those two young people in love feel. If a person should be so lucky as to find the love which is the unison of mind and body then that person is truly lucky.

