Desperate Girls

5th July 2011, 12:42 PM

Author: rydwi69

Location: Scotland (Sex: Male) Posts: 19

My first piece of fiction for this site. Please let me know what you think of it or indeed any criticisms:

###

'Do you want to appear on TV? Desperate Girls is looking for young female talent to take part. Just click HERE to arrange a session'.

It was just what I had been looking for! A chance to break into telly. I'm a good looking girl. I'd done acting as an amateur and people said I was good enough to do it for real. Now here was my chance! An open audition for a telly programme. 'Desperate Girls' perhaps it was some sort of spin off from Desperate Housewives.

I clicked on the button. There was an on-line form to fill in, and I had to send a picture - so I sent the sexiest one I had. Even if I say so myself - I am rather sexy.

I could hardly bear to look when the reply came. And there it was. I was invited for an interview. The presenter wanted to meet me in the Beer Tent in the big park in the centre of town. An odd place for an interview - but then these TV people can be odd.

But what to wear? I had to look sexy and serious at the same time. I chose a short, but not too short, pale cream skirt, a cool white top for the hot weather and I put on my sexiest undies. Well they weren't going to be seen, but they made me feel sexy. They'd cost a bomb - but they were worth it: creamy white, brief and lacy. The epitome of sexiness!

I met the Sebastienne, girl who was running the session, with her cameraman, in the park.

"What's it all about. What do I have to do? I asked.

"All in good time," said Sebastienne, "have a drink, and she handed me a bottle of beer."

I put the bottle to my lips and took a swig. It was a hot day and a cool beer went down well.

"It's a new internet TV station..." She started.

"You mean it's not like proper television..." I was rather disappointed.

"We're a speciality on-line station, C.A.P -TV, but don't think that means we're small. We get tens of thousands of viewers."

Tens of thousands seemed small to me. Oh well. Never mind. It was a start at least.

"What's today about then?"

"We just want to film you taking a.. A walk in the park... That's all for the moment. Here - have another beer."

It was very hospitable of her. I picked up the bottle and downed it.

"But first of all a little interview," she turned to the camera, which I noticed was now on, "Welcome viewers to your favourite show - Desperate Girls. And today's subject is..."

She turned to me expectantly. I was taken aback. I hadn't expected to be live on TV - even if it was only an on-line show.

"Er... Josie," I mumbled, "can I have another beer?" I felt in need of the alcohol.

"You certainly can. You can see we are getting Josie primed for her show today.." This latter comment to the camera.

I downed the third beer.

"Tell us a little bit about yourself Josie."

"Well, I'm nineteen years old, outgoing, fond of doing new things, a bit of a show off really..."

"I bet you are. Another beer?"

I took the bottle. I thought I looked really cool glugging it down.

"Come on Josie. I want you to take a walk over to the statue. I stood up. Oh gosh - I was feeling a bit tipsy. Well I would do after four bottles of beer in quick succession. What was this all about? It surely couldn't be enough to attract tens of thousands of viewers.

"Just leave your things here. They'll be all right."

I followed her through the park to a large statue of some old general. All that beer I'd drunk was starting to have an effect. The cameras were rolling but I needed to go.

"I need a pee," I whispered not wanting the viewers to hear, "can you lend me fifty pence for the loo?" I had no money with me. I'd left it behind at the beer tent.

"What was that Josie."

"I need to go," I said, "and I haven't any money with me."

"Go where?"

"Go have a pee," the urge had suddenly hit me quite strongly, "urgently. I need to go - now," I didn't care if the viewers knew or not now.

"No."

What did she mean - 'No'

"What! You don't understand. I need to go now."

"But do you?"

"Yes. I'm getting desperate," and I was. I was going to start leaking soon if I didn't go. She turned to the camera.

"Yes - Josie is our Desperate Girl this week. The nearest toilet is nearly a mile away. Will Josie find it in time or will she end up peeing in the street like our victim last week."

She turned to me. The cameras were still going.

"Off you go now. This week's Desperate Girl is live on air in the Park!"

The horrible truth dawned on me. It wasn't C.A.P-TV. It was See A Pee TV. A speciality on line station with an audience of... Oh no! Tens of Thousands! And they were all watching me. This week's Desperate Girl! Waiting to see if I had to pee! No wonder it got tens of thousands wattching.

I'd been totally had. I'd been tricked into drinking two whole pints of beer and I was bursting. I was absolutely desperate. I was going to have to pee soon come what may. And with no public facilities within a mile.

I suppose the main thing in that situation is not to panic. So of course I panicked. I ran as fast as I could with no idea where I was running to. Sebastienne and the cameraman ran after me, relaying the look of panic on my face as my bladder got fuller and fuller.

After five minutes, and seeing nowhere where I could go, I knew it was no use. I was going to have to pee in the open air with the cameras on me. The viewers must be loving this. Seeing the panic on my face. Watching me get more and more desperate.

Then I remembered. There was a hotel half a mile down the road. If I could just get there! I ran out the park with Sebastienne and the cameraman following and hared down the road as fast as I could. Talk about desperate girls. I was bursting. It was an impossible struggle to keep it in. As I ran I could feel myself starting to leak. The crotch of my panties, those lovely sexy panties I'd paid so much money for, was damp. I was starting to wet my pants.

Me - a grown girl was wetting my pants in public - live on television! At last I reached the point in the road opposite the hotel. The road crossing was controlled by lights and it was impossible to cross till the traffic was stopped. I could feel moisture running down the inside of my leg. My panties were sodden, I felt around the back of my skirt. Oh no! It was wet! There must be a big dark stain there. I could see the camera home in on it. I was hopping and standing crossed legged. Drawn by the camera, my antics and my wet skirt a large crowd was beginning to gather. Then at last the lights changed. I dashed into the road. But it was no good. The movement caused me to lose complete control. At that moment I started peeing for real.

There was nothing for it. Live on line. In the middle of the road, in front of the stopped traffic and the gathered crowds, I hitched up my skirt, pulled down my soaking panties and squatted in the road. I was peeing in public. And I was peeing for Britain, as they say, it arched forwards in a great fountain. I peed and peed and peed. My face so red it could have stopped the traffic on its own. But the relief! Oh the relief.

There is nothing quite like the moment when after a long period of holding back at bursting point you finally let it go. The camera panned down from my red face with its mixture of embarrassment and and intense satisfaction, to between my legs where with panties down and everything on show, the pee gushed forth. And I didn't care. It was such a relief.

"There she goes. This weeks Desperate Girl and desperation got the better of her. My - isn't her face red! Well yours would be if it were you who was peeing in public..."

I could hear Sebastienne's commentary and I didn't care.

I had to throw my soaking panties away and walk home with no knickers on and a big wet patch on my skirt. I have never been so humiliated in my life. One consolation though. I did win the vote for Most Desperate Girl of the Year.

