Farming can be fun

2nd October 2014, 04:42 PM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

As always, this is a true story. Warning, this is a long story.

Sandy frantically yanked her jeans and now damp panties down to her knees. It was obvious that Sandy couldn't wait any longer as a dribble of pee escaped from between her legs. Even before she could squat down a jet of pee shot from between her legs into the dust between her feet. As she quickly squatted down, that hot hissing stream shot out in front of her splattering in the dust besides the truck. Sandy let out a huge sigh of relief as the stream continued to flood the ground making a huge puddle by the front tire. I get ahead of myself in this story, because the sight of Sandy emptying her screaming bladder still sticks in my mind to this day.

Sandy had moved to town a few weeks earlier. He family had moved there when her dad took an engineering job with a manufacturing company in town. I was just a farm kid making a living the way I loved raising cattle, horses and crops.

Sandy was a slender, shapely pretty blond who was shy around people. She had been born and raised in the city. She was a city kid through and through. We met early one morning in the local caf... It was the place where folks would meet grab some breakfast and coffee before starting a long day in the fields. If we didn't live a couple of miles from town I probably wouldn't have gone into town for breakfast so often. As it was it was a nice way to prepare for the start of a long hard day.

Sandy was sitting at the counter alone eating a breakfast. I had seen her a few times around town but never had a chance to talk to her. I picked up my second of coffee, walked over and sat down next to her. I introduced myself and we talked a little while before I headed out the door. I had planting to get done and a fence to mend. Over the next few weeks we would get together and talk. Sandy was fun and personable, but terribly shy. That's why she hadn't made many friends in town.

The one thing that Sandy was very interested in was farming. She had never been to a farm or been around livestock. She thought that the farming life was what she really wanted be part of. Sometimes Sandy would come out to the field when I was working bringing me a cold drink and a sandwich or two. I showed her how to run a tractor, mend a fence, milk a cow, gather eggs from the hen house, and how to groom and saddle a horse. She especially learned that she loved to ride horses.

When harvest time rolled around the workdays became especially long. Often time the days were twenty hours or longer. The only time we were down was in the early morning hours. Even then, we would check and grease machinery before catching a couple hours of sleep. Most of the little sleep we got was in the field waiting to haul a load of wheat to town.

On this particular day Sandy wanted to see what harvest was like. She pulled into the drive at our place at 5:00 a.m. I was just putting a Coleman water jug into the cab of the wheat truck I was driving that day along with some snacks for the long day to come. Dinner and supper would be brought to us in the field so we didn't have to stop work to go to the house to eat.

Sandy was decked out in a tight pair of jeans, button down long sleeve shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and boots. She hopped into the cab and off we went to the field we were cutting that day. As I pulled in I saw I was the first truck there and that the two combines we were using were already in the field. One of them immediately pulled next to me and dumped a hopper full of wheat. Every few minutes one of the combines would pull up to off load its wheat. It wasn't too long and my truck was full. Off to town we went to dump the load at the local elevator.

As we drove to town, I could tell it was going to be another long and very hot day. Late June it was common for the days to get into the 100's by noon so drinking plenty of fluids was not only recommended but was required to stay healthy. I took a big drink from my water jug and told Sandy to do the same explaining to her the necessity of staying hydrated. Sandy took my advise and took a big drink of water.

The drive and wait at the elevator wasn't to bad since we were one of the first trucks of the day. We only waited about a hour in line. As we did so I noticed that the Bernholtz kids were already manning their lemonade stand. The Bernholtz had a passel of kids and every harvest they would set up a lemonade stand next to the road in to the elevator. Their mother made good lemonade and they sold a ton of lemonade. I went over, bought a couple of glasses and took them back to the truck. That lemonade was gone in just a couple of minutes. After dumping the load of wheat we headed back to the field. When we got there one of the combines was gone and there wasn't much left to cut. Danny figured that he could get the rest of the wheat into his truck so we left for our next field. This field was further from town and a much larger field. We would be there all day.

With only one combine at this point it was going to take much longer to fill the truck before going to town. We waited, talked, dozed and of course kept drinking water every few minutes. Finally my truck was loaded and off to town we went. This time the wait was going to be a whole lot longer at almost 4 hours. 4 hours is was a long time to sit and wait our turn to dump our load. More talking, joking, sleeping and of course a lot more drinking of water and lemonade.

By the time we finally we left elevator almost all of the 2 ... gallon jug of water was gone. I was felling a bit of a need to pee but didn't bother to stop at one of the two port-a-potties that were always along the drive to the elevator. At that point I never thought about Sandy possibly needing to pee. As we bounced down the country road to the field we were cutting Sandy became more and more quiet. I glanced over and noticed that she was looking out the window and had her legs tightly crossed. Every bounce seemed to bring a bit of a grimace to her face.

By now the conversation had dried up and I finally asked Sandy if everything was doing okay. Sandy blushed and said she quietly said she was fine. Just then the truck hit a rut in the road. Sandy let out a low moan and quickly one of her hands grabbed her crotch and quickly pressed down. She looked at me with a bright red face and admitted that she really needed to pee. I asked her if she wanted me to pull over and she got a horrified look on her face. She quickly asked if there wasn't somewhere we could stop that had a bathroom. I explained to her that there wasn't. She asked what she was supposed to do and I told her that everyone just peed in the great outdoors. Sandy quickly stated that she couldn't do that.

As we pulled into the field Sandy was sweating, blushing and rocking her legs back and forth together. Sandy had one hand in her crotch squeezing herself in an effort to not flood her pants. I looked at her and asked her why she didn't just get out and go. Tears welled in her eyes as she looked at me wiggling in her seat and she told me she didn't know how. She told me she had never peed anywhere other than a regular toilet and she didn't know what to do. Besides, she would be out in the open, and someone might see her. Tears began to roll down her cheeks as she let out a moan of discomfort. The rocking of her legs had increased in speed and by now both hands were between her legs gripping her crotch. She was also bouncing up and down in the seat. I told her that if she didn't just go she was going to wet herself. I told her to just get out, pull down her pants and squat down that nature would take it's course.

With a huge moan, Sandy quickly yanked open the door and stepped out of the truck cab. That was as far as she got. Her need to pee by now was so great she couldn't go any further. She blurted out for me not to look. Sandy frantically yanked her jeans and now damp panties down to her knees. It was obvious that Sandy couldn't wait any longer as a dribble of pee escaped from between her legs. Even before she could squat down a jet of pee shot from between her legs into the dust between her feet. As she quickly squatted down, that hot hissing stream shot out in front of her splattering in the dust besides the truck.

Sandy let out a huge sigh of relief as the stream continued to flood the ground making a huge puddle by the front tire. The hiss of the urine spraying from between her legs was incredibly loud. Finally the jet of piss began to subside and at that point Sandy noticed that I was staring at her in all of her glory. She blushed a deep red and looked at me and asked what now. Obviously she was concerned about the golden droplets of pee dripping from her blonde sparsely haired muff. I reached into the glove box of the truck, pulled out a couple of Kleenex and handed them to her. She thanked me, wiped the moisture from between her legs. As she began to pull up her pants she noticed that her panties were also wet. She looked at me with a quizzical look.

Just go commando I told her. What's commando Sandy asked. I explained that it meant taking her now wet underwear off. I explained we could wash them out with the water we had left and they would quickly dry in the sun. Sandy quickly pulled off her boots and jeans, taking her panties off and just a quickly pulled her jeans and boot back on.

I got out of the cab and Sandy asked me where I was going. I told her that she wasn't the only one that needed to pee and walked around the back of the truck. I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled out my dick and began to take a needed pee onto the dusty field. Just then I noticed that to my left there stood Sandy staring at the golden flow arching out from my penis. Sandy had a blush on her face but a little smile on her lips. When she noticed that I knew she was there she giggled and said that it was only fair since I got to see her. I finished up shaking the last few drops from my dick and tucked myself back into my pants. Sandy was still blushing and went on to tell me that she had never seen a guy pee before telling me that it was pretty cool how I could probably pee just about anywhere.

We went back to the cab got out the water jug and washed out Sandy's damp panties. She then put them on the fender of the truck in the sun to dry. By now it was well into the 100's and it wouldn't be long before they dried. We took the water jug over to a 20 gallon jug on the back of one of the pickup trucks and filled it back up. By the time my truck was ready to go to town again Sandy's panties were dried and she grabbed them off the fender before we took off.

As we bounced down the road Sandy looked over at me with a mischievous smile. She then pulled off her boots and pants, now bottomless as she bounced down the dusty road to town. After a minute or so she slowly pulled on her panties and then her jeans. She did so just in time as we came to a combine heading to a new field. We pulled off the side of the road so the combine could pass and Sandy realized that the cab of the combine was high enough that the person inside could see completely into the cab of my truck. With a giggle Sandy looked at me and exclaimed that was close.

We got to town and sat in line waiting to dump our load of wheat. About two hours into the wait I pointed to the port-a-potties and asked Sandy if she needed to use one while we had the chance. She smiled and told me that she was fine and that she didn't need to go too bad right now and that she would wait. We sat, talked, joked slept and waited all the time keeping hydrated. After dumping our load of wheat, we ran to the A&W, grabbed a couple of burgers, fries and large cokes and headed back to the field.

On the way we ate our food, talked and downed our cokes. By the time we got there Danny was heading to town. As the truck came to a stop on the edge of the field Sandy looked over to me and announced that she needed to pee. She had a little smile on her face as she got out of the truck leaving the door open and proceeded to undo her pants. She faced me pulling down her jeans and panties squatting down and proceeded to shoot a stream of golden nectar toward the truck. She was in full view of me and she knew it. She gave me a quick grin and asked if I liked what I was watching. I told her that I very much did and she gave me a little giggle. Once the stream dribbled down to a trickle and stopped she looked at me and asked if I would hand her a Kleenex. I did so and she raised to a half squat, wiped and pulled her jeans back up.

