Watersucker, Chapter 6 (male desperation)

16th January 2014, 02:25 AM

Author: consch

Location: Toronto (Sex: Male) Posts: 23

Neither of the girls at David's bus stop spoke to David while they waited for the bus the next morning. The girls did not appear to be upset with David; they simply ignored him the way they always had. Had they forgotten about what happened yesterday? If so, then perhaps that was best; the memory would be unlikely to endear David to them.

When the bus came, David sat alone in the front row while the girls went further back. When Christine and Stacy got on the bus a few stops later, they ignored David and also went further back in the bus to sit. David was a bit put off by the lack of attention, but he knew that not every day could be as intense as the previous one had. In fact, even sitting there alone on the bus, David was able to pass the time quite effectively merely by replaying yesterday's events in his mind.

Neither Christine nor Stacy acknowledged David when they got off the bus. When he saw them again in his second period class (and he only saw them because he knew to look for them), they did not speak to him or even appear to recognize him. Perhaps they had gone back into «boring» mode.

At lunch, David sat with some of his other friends. He didn't say much, and he only half-listened to the stories his friends told. He finished his lunch within five minutes, then said, «See you guys later,» gathered his garbage, got up and threw it out, and then went for a walk through the hallways.

He found some more of his friends in the hallways, and each time he saw a small group of them he would walk over and chat with them for a minute or two. Many of his friends were female and attractive and playful, and it was enjoyable to spend time with them. But he found their stories to be less exciting, and their flirting less intense, than Christine's or Stacy's, and before any of the hallway chats had gone on long he would get bored and politely excuse himself to go wander some more.

He was still walking around when, out of nowhere, he suddenly felt an intense need to pee. He had to squeeze his penis with his hand in order to keep from wetting himself. Just as he did this, he heard a chorus of triumphant female voices shout out, «Watersucker!» He turned to see Christine, Stacy, and the two girls from his bus stop (Jenny and Lizzie?) looking straight at him and laughing. The four girls high-fived each other in pairs, then started running toward David. As great as it was to have their attention again, it would be difficult to have much fun while needing to pee this badly, so David ran away from them as well as he could given his condition.

Turning a corner, David saw a bathroom halfway down the next hall. He ran toward it, hoping to make it there before the girls reached him. He heard one of them shout, «Quick, we can't lose him now!» Still holding his penis tightly, David put a burst of energy into trying to beat the girls to the bathroom. But it wasn't enough. He felt them catch one of his elbows, then the other, and then two of them ran past him, stopped, and turned to face him. They walked right up to him, blocking his path, and the two girls behind him released his elbows but kept their positions. He was surrounded. The girls started laughing harder.

«We got you!» Christine said excitedly. «It was really hard to sneak that powder into your milk at lunch without you noticing, but we did it, and now you're bursting to pee but you're trapped between us!»

David tried to force his way between two of the girls, but they both pushed him back. He couldn't overpower two girls at the same time, especially not while frantically trying not to pee in his pants. «Come on, let me out!» he begged. «I really have to pee!»

«Yeah, that powder works really well, doesn't it?» Stacy asked, still laughing. «You feel fine one minute and then BAM!, you feel like you're going to explode.»

«Isn't this fun?» Christine asked one of the other girls. «Put some powder into a boy's drink, wait fifteen minutes, and then ambush him and watch him squeeze his dick while he begs you to let him go to the bathroom. Let's tickle him.» She started to do so, and was quickly joined by the other three girls. Eight hands moved irregularly all over David's body, tickling his thighs, his waist, his armpits, his stomach, and even his bum.

«Stop it!» David yelled. «I really, really, really have to pee!» He was squeezing his penis rhythmically now, rather than continuously. He had to pee soooo badly.

«Aww, poor David,» Stacy teased, smiling widely while she and the other girls continued to laugh and tickle David. «He desperately needs to go pee, but he has four girls keeping him away from the bathroom and tickling him. What's wrong, David? Do you feel like you're about to start peeing uncontrollably into those tan-coloured pants you're wearing? Do you feel like, no matter how hard you squeeze and try to stop it, the pee is about to start flowing out through your dick and then slowly down your legs, making a big, dark, embarrassing spot for everyone to see?»

David lifted his right leg and crossed his thighs tightly, for a few seconds, over the hand that was still squeezing his penis twice a second. Then he put his right foot back on the floor and did the same thing with his left leg. Then he bobbed down on his knees for a few seconds. While he did this, he tried to fight off the girls with his other hand, but one hand, particularly when attached to someone with a full bladder, was no match for eight, so he eventually started using his second hand to help squeeze his penis. He did feel like he might start wetting himself soon.

«This is fun!» one of the girls from David's bus stop said, impressed. «That panicked look on his face is amazing! Not to mention the super sexy pee pee dance that he's doing right now: squeezing his dick, crossing his legs, bobbing up and down. You girls rock!»

It was great to be appreciated by four enthusiastic girls, even as an object, but David wished the appreciation could have come from something less problematic for himself. On the other hand, the fact that the girls were untroubled by David's distress proved that the enthusiasm they directed at him was genuine and not merely for David's benefit (they would not be trying to charm him while openly tormenting him), and that made that enthusiasm sweeter. But he could not bask in it right then; he needed to concentrate on not wetting his pants.

A crowd of other students was starting to gather around them. It was embarrassing enough for David to have to dance around and frantically squeeze his penis in front of four girls, but to have even more people watch him do it ... This could not be happening. David willed it to be a dream. If it was, though, he could no more escape it than he could escape the four girls around him.

«Come on!» he begged, feeling like he might start crying. «More people are coming! Let me go!»

«We don't want to let you go yet,» Christine said. «We're having too much fun. Aren't we, girls?»

The other three girls voiced their affirmations.

«Besides,» Christine said to David, «this is a great way to make new friends.» She winked, and David thought back to when he had heard Stacy talk about «making new friends». But he couldn't daydream any more than he could bask; he needed to use all of his attention to keep from peeing himself.

Two girls and two boys had joined their group. Stacy said to them, «We put some powder into David's drink at lunch to make him have to pee really bad, really suddenly, and now we're keeping him away from the bathroom and watching him freak out. It's a trick we call «watersucker', and it's really fun.»

«You girls are evil,» one of the new arrivals, a girl, said, impressed.

«I know, right?» Stacy said. «Hey David, don't think about waterfalls.»

«I hate you all,» David said.

«Psss...» Christine started, and the other three girls surrounding David joined in while they continued to tickle him all over.

He was becoming more and more desperate to pee. He tried to squeeze his penis even more tightly with his hands while he continued to cross and tense his thighs, bob up and down on his knees, and sometimes simply bend at the waist. He was practically peeing in his pants, and these four girls seemed to be doing everything they could to make his need worse, and each girl seemed to be feeling two units of pleasure for every unit of David's distress.

The strangers, mercifully, did not take part in tormenting David. They seemed more interested in taking in the situation as a whole: the panicking boy, the gleeful girls. They behaved as David himself would have in their place, and David did not fault them for it. He just wished the girls had released him before the witnesses had appeared.

Forget that. He hoped the girls released him now, before he completely soaked his pants in public.

The bell rang. The sudden sound made David lose a few drops of pee into his underwear. He tensed his penis from the inside while continuing to squeeze with hands and thighs. He wouldn't be able to stay dry much longer.

Stacy stopped tickling and making pee sounds, and the other girls followed her lead. «You'd better get to class,» Stacy told the two girls from David's bus stop. She then took one arm out of her backpack, opened a back pocket, took out two envelopes, and handed one to each of the two girls. «These are invitations to a party we're having on Saturday,» she explained. The two girls each took an envelope and then left the circle.

Free at last, David immediately started making his way to the bathroom. He could only take small steps, keeping his thighs close together, and every few steps he had to stop to cross and tense his thighs, or bob down, or bend over. He kept moving, though, and eventually he did make it to the bathroom. He opened the door and made his way to a urinal. He felt himself spurt slightly into his underwear a second time, even though he was still holding his penis as tightly as he could. After that, though, he was somehow able to get his penis out of his pants before the pee started flowing again, and when it did, nothing he could have done would have even slowed it down.

Stacy and Christine were still in the hallway when he got out of the bathroom, although the four strangers, as well as the two girls from David's bus stop, were all gone.

«That was beautiful,» Christine said dreamily.

«That was scary,» David retorted, feeling rather annoyed. But his annoyance evaporated when he remembered the girls' triumphant laughter. It was not a condescending laughter, but rather the gleeful laughter of, after some effort, becoming the master of the hour and only of the hour. They were not slavers. They were playmates.

«It's never easy being the victim,» Christine said. «But you looked so cute doing that frantic pee pee dance with that panicked look on your face while you begged us to let you go.»

Again, it was great to be appreciated, and now that he was more relaxed he could bask in it.

«Here,» Stacy said, handing David an envelope. «Party at our house on Saturday.»

David hesitated. He though it would be wise to keep as much distance between himself and these girls as possible.

«You don't have to come to the party if you don't want,» said Stacy. «But take the invitation. It won't hurt you. It's paper, cardboard, and ink. Okay, well, it might give you a papercut if you're not careful, but other than that it's harmless. Hurry up, we're going to be late to class.»

Against his better judgment, David took the envelope, and then the three of them walked briskly to their next class.

