The Beach House (Part 6)

6th July 2012, 01:59 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

By request... they have returned. Sorry it's so long.

The sound of a key jangling in the door started Lara and she jumped out of bed, stepping on her puddle but not caring. She scrambled to find her gown lying on the floor and pulled it on.

As she stepped out into the hallway, the door swung open and Lara gasped.

"Kiki!" She ran to her friend and the two embraced. Lara had a lot to thank Kiki for, although she did not say it.

"Hey, girl. How are you enjoying our beach house?" Lara stumbled for an answer, but smiled. "Yeah, that's what I thought." They giggled, the secret out.

"So what are you doing here? Not that I'm not glad to see you and it's your beach house, of course, but if I had known you were coming I could have tidied up a bit and..."

"Whoah, girl, ease up. It's okay. I'm sorry I didn't call you but I didn't want to disturb your... ahem... fun. Plus, we thought a surprise girls time at the beach would be a real treat."

"We?"

"Yeah, Mom's on her way up. And I brought another friend along. Do you remember Danielle?"

"I do." Lara wondered if her excitement was obvious. She had met Danielle several times and the girl was a knockout, but in a humble I Don't Know I'm Beautiful sort of way.

"So, it's good to know you've been taking advantage of our beach house. If you don't mind, it's been a long trip, and I really have to pee."

"Go right ahead." Lara smiled and she could feel her face flush as Kiki closed the door and ran into the "living room" part of the beach house, with the couch and two chairs. Kiki was removing her jeans as she was walking, wriggling as she did so, obviously desperate

.

The door opened again as Cheryl entered, carrying bags and suitcases. Lara's eyes widened as she spotted Danielle behind Cheryl with her own load of luggage. She was even more stunning than Lara remembered her. Her hair was shorter, more styled, and she seemed... happier.

"Lara, sweetie, it's good to see you. Oh, I see my darling daughter is already getting comfortable." They all watched as Kiki pulled her jeans down to reveal that she was wearing a one-piece bathing suit under her clothes. She yanked her shirt off also and Lara immediately felt self-conscious at her friend's figure. Kiki was an athlete and it showed.

"I'm sorry, but I've got to go," Kiki said as she flopped into one of the soft chairs.

"You just went in the car less than an hour ago," Danielle said, laughing. "I just think you really want to pee in that chair."

As if to answer with her actions, Kiki grabbed the crotch of her bathing suit and pulled it aside. With a sigh, she let go. Lara gasped as she watched Kiki's stream flow full force into the chair cushion. Kiki closed her eyes and moaned. "Oh, man, that's nice. Oh..." Her stream became so powerful that it sprayed past the cushion and splashed onto the carpet at Kiki's feet. Then Kiki closed her legs but a stream was still obvious as it hissed against the inside of her thighs and pooled between her legs in the chair. The flow subsided to a gentle trickling sound and Kiki gasped with relief. "I really missed this chair," she said.

"Well, what the hell, since you've already started," Cheryl said, as she parted her legs. A dark spot started to form in her jeans. She sighed and let go and the wet spot grew immediately as it spread over her crotch and down both of her legs. Lara watched it as it spread all the way down her legs and began to drip from the cuffs to the carpet. Cheryl unbuttoned her pants and Lara was shocked to see that she wasn't wearing anything underneath. Cheryl cut off her flow and pulled her jeans down just enough to reveal her pee hole and vagina. Then with a gentle moan she continued her flow. Her stream splashed forward in a messy stream that soaked the front of her jeans and the carpet. "Oh, I've been holding that in for a long time. Oh, wow."

Lara noticed Danielle standing behind Cheryl squirming and holding herself. She seemed a little more embarrassed than Kiki and Cheryl and she was sneaking quick glances at Lara while she squirmed. Lara swallowed and spoke first. "Don't you have to pee, too?" Danielle's eyes widened.

"Oh my god, yes. But I wasn't sure if... I mean, you've known these two for years..." Lara sighed, amazed and flattered by Danielle's shyness.

"Don't mind me. If you have to pee, just go." Hoping to ease Danielle's tension a bit, Lara reached her hands to her crotch and held herself, pressing the fabric of her gown to her vagina. "In fact, watching them is making me have to go. Want to let loose together?" She blinked at Danielle, who answered by biting her lip and nodding.

Keeping her fingers pressed against her vagina, Lara let loose as she watched Danielle spread her legs, sigh, and soak her tights. Both girls maintained eye contact as they panted and moaned. Lara gasped as her pee flowed through her gown and over her hand. She wanted to stroke herself furiously but wasn't sure how Danielle would respond, so she settled for light brushes with her hand. "Oh, that feels so good," Danielle moaned. Her wet patch grew and grew. Lara wondered how long Danielle had been holding it as the entire front of her pants and down her legs was soaked. "I'm sorry, but I have to..." To Lara's surprise, Danielle reached into her tights and began stroking her own vagina. Lara watched as Danielle closed her eyes in ecstasy. She was still peeing and Lara could hear the pee hissing through Danielle's fingers.

"Okay, so we're all getting acquainted," Cheryl said. "Well then..." Keeping her jeans just below her vagina, she reached her hand in and started to lightly stroke her clitoris with her finger. Lara continued to trickle pee into her gown as she increased the strength of her own strokes. She saw Kiki spreading her legs apart and burying her fingers into her vagina. The room was filled with the sound of moaning, soft squishing, and the slight hiss and patter of pee. Danielle was the first to cry out as her knees buckled a bit and she knelt down and sat on her feet.

She pulled her tights down to her knees as a little bit more pee trickled out and left spots on the floor. This seemed to set Cheryl off who fell backwards against the wall, screamed loudly and then sat on the floor. Lara dug her fingers into her vagina and watched Kiki who continued to stroke her own vagina rapidly. They gasped and screamed almost in unison, Lara feeling like she could fall over any minute, but she stood firm and managed a few more light strokes of her labia. Kiki sank back into the seat and sighed as another trickle of pee soaked the cushion.

"Well, ladies, this is going to be a good vacation."

