/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-11/38488/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 11

15th November 2009, 11:40 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Luise and I ate our lunch there on the blanket on the large flat rock. After we finished I rolled up the blanket to take with us. Luise grabbed a couple of sodas and put the cooler back in the trunk of my car. Then we started to hike down to the third pool for our swim. We went by taking the road instead of tryinng the path along the creek.

In ten minutes we were by the third pool which is a good size pool about shoulder deep on me and it is pretty well protected as far as cover if you were going to skinny dip like Luise and I were going to do. Agian like the other pools there was a flat rock and I took the blanket and rolled it out on the flat rock. Luise and I got completely undressed.

There was stll a little time left before we could swim so we sat there on the blanket enjoying the sun on us and we just relaxed. Luise took a guess as far as now that we could go in after we had sat for a short while. I told her it was close enough for goverment work. She got right up and she waded right out into the pool and she dove right in!

Now must of the time I could go that fast into the water too but not this time. I had to piss and I was going to go before I went in. But I waited for Luise to pop up out of the water.I had no problem seeing her for the water was so clear and besides it wasn't all that deep either. She popped up and she pushed her wet red hair out of her face and turned around and looked at me.

Arn't you comming in? she asked me not seeing at first that I was holding my cock in my hand. I said back to Luise; I have to do something first. Ive got to warm the water a little bit!. Now woth me saying that and Luise seeing me holding my ock in my hand laughed hard as she now tried running up towards me sending water all over the place as she tried running through the pool of water there in the creek. Watching her try to get to me in such a big hurry with her sending up the big splashes and looking so clumsy I laughed hard.

Once she got into the shalllower water Luise no longer looked so clumsy and she only sent up splashes of water around her feet as she got closer to me. She stepped out from the water ran over to me leaving wet footprints on the rock. She stopped rigt beside me and she reached rightt down and she took a hold of my cock in her hand. I took mine off. Just before I started to piss Luise reminded me that she was going to have a little fun while we were here. I said back to her with a smile as big as hers and said; Oh I have not forgotten Luise!

I started to piss sending a low arcin stream out over the pool of water. It came down about six feet from us making a good splash in the pool and made ripples going in every direction in the pool of water. Also my piss made a few very small patches of piss foam but they would quickly dissapear for they just didn't last. Luise didn't play this time moving my cock around like the earlier piss up on the ridge.

I pissed for about a half minute and I was done. I didn't spurt after I had stopped but Luise gave my ock a couple o shakes any way. Then she let go of it grabbed my hand and we both ran into the pool of water and we both dove in together. We did wind up swimming for a while until we both were feeling cold and that is when we got out.

We went right to the blanket which was in the sun to dry off. Both of us took a corner section used the blanket itself to dry off. We were that cold. Luise had noticed that with the cold water of the creek as far as me that I was no lomger erect and teh cold water had really hardened my balls right up making them look small. She giggled as she took a hand and she cupped them feeling them with her hand too. Now I know why they say stones for them! I luaghed and told Luise some people do.

Luise and I didn't really do anything more just yet. She did start playing with my ock with her hand. We wanted to dry off and Luise seemed a little nervous about starting something here any way. I knew this when she asked about my friends land. Was it far away? she had asked me. No remember the road I showed you. Oh I forgot Luise ssaid back to me. I still went and told her that it was ten minutes from where we were.

Luise then told me she wanted to go see it. Get dressed and lets go. She started already getting dress for she had put back on her top and was getting ready to put back on her jeans skirt. I put just bak on my boxers and white shirt. I rolled up the blanket and Luise had the two sodas and w climed back up the embankment to the road. We walked back up to my car and I put the blanket back in the trunk and took the cooler back oout and placed that on the backseat.

The walk back had warmed both of us right back up. I started the car and I had taken my shirt off so I was just in my boxers now. Luise had taken off her jeans skirt which made me laugh when she did it. She opned the two sodas now and as I now had backed out on the road and had just started gomh forward again she handed m the soda and she set hers down.

Luise then pulled her top right off and now was completely nude! I laughed real hard now. I bet you won't stay that way in someone comes by towards us! I said to her. Luise laughed and told me she would! We sort of went back and forth saying she would she wouldn't as we drove along. Well as it happened she did for we reached the dirt road and I turned on to it and also no one did come either the oppisite way or up behind us the entire time. WE both laughed hard togther as I sped along going up the dirt road.

There was only one house on te road and that was where the dirt of the dirt road ended and where the begining of the non supported road began. This was the origainal old road that ran through over to the litle town with the old hotel museum was. You could still drive all the way through but the town no longer serviced the road though. My friend and I would clear the road ourselves evey spring if needed.

In a few minutes we were at the end of the dirt part of the road and had just gone by the house at the end of the dirt portion of the road. There was no car there which was good for the old lady was not home. I slowed down now and we went up the old road now heading up a hill towards my friends land. Luise mentioned that it was sure in a remote spot. I laughed and I told her that was the way my friend liked it.

We topped the rise and were now on the flat section before the next hill. Luise was looking off into the large fields on her side I slowed up and made a turn which made her now look in the direction I had turned. I stopped. Luise looking at the old mobile home in front of us said to me; That one is real old! It was but for now it was still in good enough shape to use as a camp.

WE both got ut of my car. I took off my boxers as soon as I got out of the car. Luise laughed as I took them off for she was naked already being naked almost the enture drive from the crek up to here. There was a hole dug for the foundation for the camp my friend was going to build. I and Luise went inside the trailer real quick for I knew right where the pland and pictures of what my friends camp was going to look like.

We didn't stay inside the trailer for it was so hot in side of it. What we did was sit down at the picnic table and I showed LUise the article about this multi level lodge and this was what my friend was going to build. She liked it and she said for a camp that it was larger then a lot of houses. I agreed with her on that but I told Luise that my friend already had 3 duaghters. (he would wind up having 2 more)

Luise told me to put the magizine back. She smiled and told me it now was time for some fun before we did have to go. I smiled and she laughed for as when I had gotten up my cock was getting into a rect state and was bouncing up and down as it was stiffening. Don't take long! she said to me laughing as I went towards the trailer. I didn't run or hurry as I walked over and went inside. I put the magizine back and came outside and Luise was no longer sitting at the picnic table.

She had taken the blanket and spreaded it out in the grass and was standing by it waiting for me there. I walked over to her and she said hi to me giggling as she said hi to me. I have to piss and I'm going to do it like you told me how you do it when you are here. I laughed for I had told her that I would stand with a hardon and not hold myself. I would just let my piss fly wherever it wanted to!

Luise asked me if I was also going to piss. After all you are here now in your favorite state too do it! I laughed and told her I was. So I turned and stood beside her. Luise started pissing. She had taken and placed a finger on her clit and had pulled it up so her stream did a short arc into the air and she was wetting the grass about three feet out in front of her. I had yet to start my piss.

Luise went on pissing for only a short time. Her stream fell and as it did she took her finger from her clit and let her stream go straight down which it wetted the grass between her feet. This was the time that I started to piss sending a very high long arcing piss stream way up in the air. Luise giggled and said to me; Its about time! I just smiled. Luise as I looked was just dripping piss off from her lower crotch so she had stopped as far as having a stream still going.

I was standing still as I pissed but I thought I would have a little fun. So what I did was place my hands up on the back of my head and I started swiviling my hips back and forth making my piss stream move back and forth through the air and wet the grass as it moved across it. This did make Luise laugh. Do you do that when you are here? I told her that I did and you are the first one to see me do it! That should make you feel honored! That made Luise laugh harder.

Well like her my piss was not all that long also. My stream fell fast and I stopped. Luise and I were right by the end of the blanket and she kneeled down on as soon as I had stopped pissing. She smacked her hand hard on the blanket and I got right down stretching out on it quickly. Luise turned around with her ass and pussy over my face and she lowered herself down so I could lick her as she had already had my erect cock in hand and slipped it into her mouth and was sucking hard on it!

I started lcking her pussy which I could tatse the piss on it. I went quickly dwn her pussy taking care of all of it and I also was taking care of her clit with my finger. I went down to her asshole and flicked my tounge on it a few times. Luise had felt that and she made it pucker a few times and then I went back up her crotch to her pussy and went back to licking it. We didn't take a awfull lot of time as we could have for we were soon seperated and we had changed postions and we were screwing very hard on the blanket right out in the wide open.

I came before Luise did this time. But she came right after I did. She did her normal thig to when she would climax which was drown my cock and balls with her cum! We did stayentangled together after cumming till my ock dd slip from her pussy on its own. That is when we got up off from the blanket. Luise told me that iw ould have to needed to be washed whan I got home. I looked and she was right there was a big wet spot on it frm her cum.

I did roll it up and put it in the trunk of my car. I now told Luise we better get started back. She smiled and said just wait a minute she was putting back on her lacy blue top. She put it back on and then she told me she needed to take a little piss before we would leave. It was her after sex piss and I said that to her. She giggled and said it was!

She was leaning on the isde of my car and she just spreaded her feet apart and started to piss. It was short,a hard one though and it hissed loudly as it came out. Aftet about ten seconds the hissing faded right out. Her stream thinned right down stopped and she dripped a few drops and that was it. Now she got in the car but not wearing her skirt.

I had got in on my side and had started the car and was pulling out to the old road. Are you going to put your skirt on? I asked her. Oh I will when we get to the state highway Luise said to me. I went to the left and we took the old raod all the wy over to the litle town where it came out to. Luise had gotten hersef a soda out when we were going along the old road and had drank it by the time we had reached the end of the road and were in the little town.

We were on teh county paved road now and I sped along it going pretty fast. Luise had snuggled down into her seat and she was asleep! At least one good thin was that she dd have her skirt not back on but had it on her lap so she was covered over by it. I smiled with a big smile and I now had already came out to the state highway and made my turn on to it.

I felwe over this rioad only slowing down n the sharper turns and where the two very small towns were that were on it and had the lower speed limits posted. Doing tis I made some good time up. Soon I was nearing the northway and I stayed at the speed limit now becuase of the troopers and I got on the northway going south and stayed at the speed limit till I knew I was well south of the lake and then I sped up. Luise was sleeping soundly.

I raced along heading south. Luise did stir and woke up. She glanced around as she woke and told me she really had to piss. Are we near a rest area? Lucky for her we wre near one. We had just past the sighn saying that the rest area was in two miles. I told her I was going to stop any way for I needed to piss too. I had not gone after we had sex back on my friends land and I did have to go now.

We soon went by the one mile sighn to the rest area and I lughed for Luise had not realized she only had her skirt covering herself. She had not put it on yet. So I aske dif she was gounf to wear it like she had it. She laughed and told me I was a wise guy and she slipped it in. A few moments later we had pulled into the rest area and had parked.

This was one that had no buildiongs on it so you just had to go pick a bush,a tree, or if it was empty you could stay by your car and piss there. WEll it was crowded for it was after four pm and people had stopped for earlier meals for the several picnic tables wer all being used and there were people walking thier dogs on the upper grass.

So Luise and I walking together with our arms around each others waits walked fairly quickly down the grass hillside and headed across the lower flat grass section heading over to where there were several small groupsof pine trees and bushes. Luise laughed and said to me; I wonder how many of those people are watching us and know that we are on the way to piss together? Well can't hide the fact that we are heading for the trees together! Then I laughed.

We soon reached the the trees and went behind a small group of them. Luise hurridly pulled up her jeans skirt gathering it all up around her waist. She sqauted right down in front of me. She did tell me she really had to piss. She strted to piss even before she finished getting all of her words out. She had drank that soda and had fallen asleep. So that's why she did have to piss quite badly.

MY urge to piss was quite strong too and I had my ock out amed right down and let out a hard stream of piss which splashed in the grass several inches from whjere Luises piss was wetting the grass too. Luise let me know that I looked like I was taking a good piss too. But you didn't drink anything. Luise said to me. I told her I didn't piss either right after we had our sex. Luise giggled just a little and told me I was right. I hadn't and she did.

As I watched now Luises piss stream was letting up but with its letting up it was hissing. I made her laugh for I told her theres that fimilair sound again! So Luise tried to make her stream hiss longer but she couldn't. She had pushed which made her piss flow faster which its hissing stopped and also with her pushing her piss came to end much quicker. As I saw her stream come down to a dribble and then it just dripped I stood there thinking at least she tried.

Luise now stood up dropping her skirt down but couldn't move for I was still pissing. She did reach over and told me she will finish me up. I let her take my cock and she did finish holding me as I pissed. She gave me a nice couple of gentle shakes to finish me off and slipped my ock back inisde my boxers. stepped back and we again walked back up the grasy hillside with our arms around each others waists.

I fished out my car keys and jingled them in te air and told Luise she could drive. She laughed and yanked the dangling keys right out of my hand. She ran the now remaining short distance to my car and was in it and had started it by the time I got to the passenger side of the car. I hopped in and buckled up. Luise carefully back ed up and then sped right up and merged neatly into tarffic and we were on our way again.

Once we got sout of Lake Goerge traffic now was extreamly heavy and was going well under the speed limit. I told Luise we might make better time taking Rte 9. So we did get off above Glens Falls and went down Rte 9 and I also took a short cut around the city and came out missing the entire downtown. Luise said to me I'll have to remember that one.

Traffic was much lighter going south on Rte 9. Luise knew where she was and once we got to the section where it was posted 55 first she sped right up and did sixty. We had opened the last sodas now and were drinking them. We were a half hour away from making Luises house and also had a little oevr two hours to go before she would have to go to work.

Luise didn't take a half hour to get home. She did it in twenty minutes instead. Also she didn;t ull up into her driveway or park at the bar Instead she drove right over to the old school. Also instead of parking on the gravel circuiler drive she went over and slipped down the far side of the school where the neweer wing was and pulled up and stopped behind the school where the gym was!

She pulled the keys out of the ignition and tossed them to me. One last little parking time together! she said to me smileing at the same time.I smiled as she slid right over into my lap shoving her hand right into the slit of my boxers feeling for my cock with her fingers. Luise also had opened the v in her lacy top with her other hand and her tits popped right out of her top.

She then let me start on her tits which I did by teasing her nipples with both my tounge and fingers. She had taken my ock out from the slit of my boxers and was stroking its limp shaft with her hand trying to get my cock hard. I had her nipples swollen right up hard in minutes. Luise with her stroking my cock had only managed to get it semi hard. She told me she had to get out of the car. I"ll get you HARD then!

She got out of the car on my side and swung the door open and got out. She took her top and skirt off! She sqauted down and reached right over and pulled my boxers right off and tossed them on the backseat. She sqaueted right down and leaned right in taking my cock in hand and also slipped it right into her mouth and jerked and sucked on it together! That worked for after only several minutes of her stroking and sucking I was fully erect and ready to go. So wqas LUise in more ways then one.

For she had stood up spreaded her feet real wide apart standing in front of me and she took a good piss! As she pissed laughing she told me as she pissed this would have gotten me hard too if her bj and handjob had not. Luise was pushing to hurry her piss along. She pissed for I would have guessd twenty seconds? As soon as she stopped she did step right back in the car stayed standing and let me lick her pussy right off!

After that she sat right down taking my ock in hand guided it right into her pussy and she and I screwed on the pasenger side bucket seat! I even got a piece of ass too which Luise had gotten up let me lick herasshole and she sat right back doiwn on my lap with my cock up her ass for a short time too. We did finish off with my ock not up her ass but deep inside her pussy but she had stayed facing with her ass in my lap not turning around.

We both had again great climaxes. Luise really shook hard shaking the entire car hard! We both sat together and I kissed her neck for she was still siting with her back pressed into me. She told me that I better turn sideways I ddon't want to piss on your seat! I spun sideways making Luise now facing the open door. I slid foward on the seat and stopped.

I was till up inisde her pussy as far as my cock but it was getting limp. Luise started t piss which with my ock still inisde her pussy under her peehole her piss just strongly dribbled oout. My ock and balls were wetted with her warm piss. A nice way to finish up after having sex! Luise got up after she finsihed pissing and got dressed so did I.

You better take me over to work. I don't have time to change Luise said thia to me as she already had put on her lacy top and had her skirt in her hands ready to slip it on. I said ok as I reached for my boxers and white shirty and slipped my boxers on frst then my white shirt. Luise was now dressed and was back in the car. I started it up and we went behind the rest of the back of the gym and the back of the old section of the school. I drove out to the road drove over to the bar and parked.

