The Officeboy pt. 2

17th July 2007, 04:34 PM

Author: peelvr65

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 39

The boss once again moved to her desk, where she perched, half-seated on the front edge, her left foot on the floor, her right, suspended and swaying slightly. Her legs were also slightly parted, but not enough to afford him any kind of view...not that he cared, just now. She crossed her arms and watched the man intently. The man regarded the black silk panties in his hands. The elastic waistband was frilly but conservative. They were cut high, with a solid silk rear and a front made of gauzy lace. The man imagined seeing her pubic hair through the lace. He closed his eyes and brought the lingerie to his face again, smelling, ravenously digesting her pussy's perfume.

"Do you like my smell, officeboy?" she asked. From behind his closed eyes, he heard himself reply as if he were in another room, "Yes, Ms. Raven." he opened his eyes and gazed at her over the top of her panties. He could see approval in her face. His penis throbbed and pulsed to his accelerating heartbeat. He lowered the panties to his waist, opened them and slowly placed his left foot through the left leg hole. He followed with the right. With the panties at his knees, he slowly drew them up his hairy legs. The feeling of the cool silk rubbing against his skin sent a continuous electric shock through his body.

The farther up his legs the panties went, the tighter they became. Finally, the waistband brushed against the base of his scrotum, which had contracted and drawn his balls into his body. His body twitched at the contact, his cock raged. He drew the panties up, forcing his penis to point straight up towards his chin. The crotch nestled up against his scrotum, holding it, like a second skin. His penis was far too erect to be contained by the garment and the top two inches protruded from above the waistband and was mashed against his belly, where precum oozed out and congealed in the hair that was just below his bellybutton.

"Very nice, officeboy," the boss said in a low tone. "I knew black would suit you." she swung her leg off of the desk and walked around behind it. She opened a drawer and took out what looked to the man like a white sheet. She brought it around behind where the man was standing and spread it on the floor. The sheet was about three feet by five feet, thick, like a quilt, with a plastic bottom and a gauzy top. It appeared to be filled with some kind of absorbent material. She walked around to his left side, got very close to him. With her left hand, she reached out and caressed his rigid member through her panties. His pelvis jerked backward initially, and then he ground his cock into her hand.

"A little eager, are we, officeboy?" She took her hand away. He moved his own hand to take the place of hers. she slapped it away. "Ah-ah! Not until you are told, officeboy. Lie down, on your back, on this," she said, pointing to the sheet.

"Yes, Ma'am," he said, and did so. When he was supine, she stood next to his head. He looked up at her form, trying to look up her skirt, but the light could not penetrate. She smiled at him.

"I know what you want, officeboy, and I'm prepared to give it to you."

"Please, Ma'am," he croaked.

"It will not come without a price, however."

"Yes, Ma'am." she walked back to the front of the desk and leaned her bottom against it. Her feet were spread just wider than shoulder width, as she stood regarding the man on his back.

"You may touch yourself, now, officeboy," she allowed.

"Yes, Ma'am." He didn't know what to do at first, but his glans had other plans. It demanded his attention. He closed his eyes and with his right hand, he began to caress his cock through the boss's underwear. The panties were still wet from her vagina, and he could feel her wetness pressed up against his body. He could almost imagine what his own cunt would feel like if he had one. He massaged the place where he thought his clit would be...just under his scrotum, at the base of his penis. He massaged that place with his middle two fingers, the way he had seen women in videos do it. His thumb worked his cock. His hips moved and his skin slid against the silk panties. His left hand came up to his chest, found a nipple and pinched it hard. He opened his eyes and was stunned to see his boss caressing the front of her skirt with her hand, her own hips moving slightly on the desk.

"You like wearing my panties, don't you, officeboy? I can tell by the way you're masturbating. You're enjoying that very much." Her voice was hoarse and throaty.

"Yes, Ma'am," he managed to reply. The woman reached up with both hands to her head, one held the bun while the other removed the ebony sticks. Her hair cascaded down her back, long, straight, jet black tresses, gracefully falling. She shook her head and most of her hair flipped around one shoulder, covering her shoulder and the top of one arm, and one breast. She stood and walked over to the man on the floor. She sauntered, her hips swaying from side to side, her hair moving in time. She was showing off. The man continued working his dick. She stood directly over his head, one foot on either side. It was still too dark up there to make much out, but the images going through the man's mind were powerful, still. He could feel his orgasm build.

"Officeboy," she said, in an admonishing tone. "Don't even think about cumming until I give you permission to do so. Do you understand?" She began to pull her skirt up her thighs, allowing more light to penetrate the gloom, revealing more of her paradise. The man's hand paused on his cock.

"Yes, Ma'am," he said.

"Good boy," she cooed. She continued to lift her skirt until the hem was on her hips. Her hand snaked down her front, through the thickness of her black pubic patch, and nestled into the soft flesh of her pussy. She lowered her body into a half squat, her pussy poised right over the man's face. Her middle finger worked her clit, back and forth. She dipped her middle finger into her wet hole and a little moan escaped her. She slid her ring finger in, next to her middle finger. Her pussy was so wet, it dripped onto the man's face, her fingers making an erotic squishy sound and they worked her labia, clit, and hole. "Do you like that, officeboy?" she asked.

"Oh, yes, Ma'am. Very much. You have such a pretty pu..." he started to say pussy, but didn't want to be vulgar with her. "...vagina," he said, instead, relishing the way the word rolled out of his mouth.

"Mmmmm, yes. Well said, officeboy. Would you like to cum now, officeboy?" she asked, her fingers pumping in and out of her dripping cunt.

"Oh, yes, Ma'am. Oh, yes, yes, yes..." and his hand stroked his cock once, twice, and once again before his orgasm spat white hot cum onto his belly and chest in long, wet trails. he groaned with pleasure, his spasms abating. His eyes opened to see that his mistress (for how else, now, could he think of her?) had stood up. Her fists were planted firmly on her hips and she glowered down at him through a tightly knit brow. Her words were measured.

«I did not give you permission to cum, officeboy. Now you've made a mess on yourself that needs to be cleaned." The man was confused.

"But, Ma'am, I thought..."

"YOU do not GET to think, officeboy! All the thinking around here gets done by ME! Clearly you have not learned that, yet." With her feet still on either side of his body, she took a couple of steps, until she was standing over his flaccid penis. The aftermath of his orgasm dribbled from his penis-hole, soiling her panties. "And just LOOK at what you've done to my panties!" She regarded his mess. "I will clean you myself," she said, which confused the man even more.

Again, she lowered herself into a half squat, her pussy over the sticky mess on his chest, her ass towards his face. He watched her sex intently, enraptured by its pink folds, her labia hanging down, swollen from her arousal. He could see her clit, hard and red, at the apex of her pink, fleshy lips. A pale yellow drip of clear liquid appeared from between her engorged lips, blazed a trail backward to her asshole, where it hung for a brief moment before letting go and falling with a faint splat on his chest. He was horrified as another followed the first, followed by a slow trickle of urine. Her stream strengthened to a torrent, which shot from her pussy.

She moved her hips with expert precision, washing him clean of his seed with her hot, golden, pungent pee. It hissed angrily from her pussy, and splashed loudly on his chest, into his face and mouth, and ran in rivulets from his torso to soak into the sheet beneath. The salty taste in his mouth and the sight of her pissing pussy made him hard again.

This, he had never dreamed. It was such an erotic sight, watching this woman pee, something he had always taken for granted. Her stream abruptly stopped and she stood and moved back towards his head, lowering herself back down to his face. Golden drops of pee hung to the pubic hair nearest her cunt lips and there were drops clinging to her inner thighs, as well. The man made a move to lick her clean but was checked when pee suddenly began to gush again from the woman's pussy. His mouth was in direct line and before he knew it, it was full of her salty ambrosia. He thought briefly of turning his head to spit it out but was unsure of the consequences. He swallowed, a sound the woman heard.

«Thirsty were you, officeboy?» He could hear the sarcasm in her voice. Mixed with satisfaction. Finally, her gushing stream began to subside, back to a trickle, ending with a few drops that followed their foremother to her asshole and fell in soft little splats on his forhead. His stiffening cock brought a smile to his mistress's face. "Yes, officeboy. you will finish what you have started." she wiped at her pussy with her hand, spreading her lips in the process, giving the man an intimate view of her sex. He could see her pee hole, one last drop of urine contained within, and the entrance to her vagina. She stood and with a flick of her wrist, shook the wetness from her hand into the man's face...

The boss stood up and regarded the man on the floor, awash in cum and urine. Her skirt was pulled up over her hips and her hairy pussy was exposed. She turned to her desk and pushed a button on the phone.

«Yes, Ma'am?» came a soft voice.

«Katherine? Could you come in here, please?» the woman asked.

«Yes, ma'am,» came the reply. The woman turned back toward the man as the door to the office opened.

«Katherine, will you get this...man... cleaned up while I change clothes? Thank you.» the disdain in her voice was clear. «Oh, and keep him occupied until I return.» without waiting for a reply, the woman left the office through another door.

«Yes, Ma'am,» the assistant replied, as if the boss was still present. Katherine was petite, with short blonde hair, spiked, and wearing a conservative charcoal gray business skirt and blazer, with a white blouse, no stockings, and black pumps. She walked over to one wall and opened a hidden door, revealing a wet bar with a sink. From under the sink, she pulled out some towels, one of which she soaked in warm water. She brought the towels back over to the man, still sitting in coagulating fluids, dumbfounded by the experience.

«Stand up, please,» the assistant said. The man did so. With the wet towel, she began to wipe the man down, scrubbing patches where his cum had dried. The warm water felt good on his skin. As the water evaporated from his skin and cooled it, his nipples hardened and gooseflesh appeared on his body. He stepped off the blanket on which he had been lying. She dropped the soiled towel onto the blanket. As if she was doing housework, the assistant knelt in front of the man and pulled the black panties down his legs. His spent cock hung limply in front of him. She paid it no attention, except to wipe it dry. Her touch was soft and the man felt a stir. She pocketed the panties, rolled up the blanket and wet towel, and proceeded to dry the rest of the man's body. The towels were thick, luxurious black cotton, and they made the man feel exceptionally clean, despite what had thus far happened.

The assistant finished drying the man's feet and sat back on her heels. She rose, picked up the soiled bundle and dropped it into a receptacle in the closet. She walked back to where the man was standing and knelt back down in front of him. She was at eye level with the man's cock and was clearly showing an interest. She reached out with one hand to encircle her dainty fingers around the flaccid organ. She began to gently stroke. The man could not believe what was happening.

She moved her head closer, and took his penis into her mouth. It was soft and warm around his dick, which began to respond to her attentions. The man looked down to see the assistant spread her knees. She wore no panties, her clean shaven pussy was bare to the air. The cleft separating her labia was a black vertical line that disappeared beneath her. She placed a hand between her legs and began to stroke her pussy. She began sucking his cock harder, pulling blood into it from his body, making him erect again. She took his penis from her mouth, stood, walked over to the boss's desk, and lay down. She beckoned the man with a finger, spreading her legs at the same time.

«Put your cock in my pussy. Fuck my hot box,» she said as she spread her lips, showing the man the way. His cock was not yet fully hard, and he moved to eat her pussy. She caught him by the hair. «No. Fuck me, please,» she begged. The man shrugged and moved his body between her legs. Pulling her closer to the edge of the desk, he worked his cock into her pussy. It was tight, wet, and hot inside this woman, and it wasn't long before the man's penis was fully erect.

Just then, he heard the other door open. Startled, he jumped, and tried to pull his cock from the assistant's pussy. She was too fast for him, though, and wrapped her legs around his waist, drawing him back in. He was surprised at her strength. He looked over his shoulder and saw the boss approach the desk, a mischievous smile on her face. She had changed from her severe business suit into a black leather corset, thigh-high spiked-heel boots, and a thin black collar around her neck. In her right hand, she held a black velvet bag, the contents of which were unknown to the man.

«It seems I may not be enough for you, officeboy,» she said, standing to the side of the desk. The man said nothing. He stood there, feeling guilt, shame, and a great measure of stupid. His erection waned, drawing a whimper from the assistant. «What is it, my darling?» the boss said, stroking the girl's face. The assistant pointed at her crotch. The boss looked there, just in time to see the man's small, limp penis fall from between the assistant's labia. «Poor dear. Let's see if we can help.» the boss placed one knee upon the desk and lifted herself up. She stood on the desk, straddling the assistant's head and lowered herself down to squat on her face. The assistant's eyes became instantly hungry, and the lips of her mouth parted slightly.

The boss faced the man at eye level. «Lick my pussy, little girl,» she said, looking the man straight in the eyes. His cock began to harden, once more. He broke her gaze to look at her crotch. The assistant's mouth immediately clamped over the boss's pussy lips, sucking them. Her hands moved to spread the boss's lips, giving her better access to her clit. She licked it with utter abandon and it wasn't long before the boss's eyelids closed about halfway, and her hips began rocking and swirling. The man's cock, rock hard again, found its way back into the assistant's wet pussy. She reacted to the penetration by pulling the man in deeper with her legs. His stroking increased in speed and power, each thrust eliciting a groan from the assistant. She continued eating the boss's pussy. it was too much for the man.

«Oh, god, I'm going to cum!» he didn't want to cum in the assistant's pussy, so he pulled his cock from her hole and wrapped his hand around it. The boss's eyes widened as if she were about to protest, but a quick jerk of his hand showed her it was too late for that. His body tensed before his cock spat a white load of cum across the expanse of the assistant's torso, to land on her mouth. She continued licking her boss's pussy through the semen.

The taste and smell increasing her excitement. The boss, however, was clearly not pleased. She rose from her squat, leaving the assistant's tongue to flail at the cum dripping from her lips. The boss sat on the edge of the desk and stood on the floor. She reached for the velvet bag on the desk, opened it and withdrew a mess of black plastic and leather. The man recognized it as a strap-on dildo. She's had enough of me, he thought. He watched as the boss stepped into the harness and secured it to her body. She stood at the opposite end of the desk from him.

«Katherine, turn around,» she demanded. The assistant unwrapped her legs from the man, and turned 180 degrees, opening her pussy to the mistress. Again, the title flashed into his brain, as she was in control of this situation. The mistress moved away from her end of the desk and walked around behind the man. «Lick Katherine's pussy, officeboy. NOW!» The command startled him, as did her position behind him. He was confused, and scared. He looked at her over his shoulder, a question on his face.

The mistress grabbed his hair and brought her face up to his. «Now.» With a push, she let go of his hair. He was thinking that this had gone too far when he felt the cold latex tip of the dildo between his ass cheeks. In a most unexpected reaction, the man's penis stirred. He looked down at the assistant. her knees were pulled up to her chest but spread apart. Her hungry pussy was open below him in anticipation of his oral attention. He complied with the mistress' command, bent over and began to lick the assistant's juicy cunt.

There was a loud smack, followed by a sharp sting on his ass. «Get up on the desk, officeboy.» The man climbed on top of the desk, knees straddling the assistant's prone body, and continued his assault on her pussy. The mistress climbed up behind him, aiming the tip of her plastic penis at his asshole. The assistant's face was directly beneath the mistress pussy. She took advantage of her proximity and began to lick and suck.

For his part, the man felt dirty, on the verge of an exquisite violation. The mistress put the tip of the dildo against his anus and gently pushed with her hips. His sphincter muscles were unyielding. She stroked the flesh of his ass, reached around to grab his penis, and said, «Relax, officeboy. I promise not to hurt you.»

Her tone was unexpectedly gentle, and he turned to look at her. What he saw in her eyes calmed him. Claimed him. Love was unmistakably written there, and a kindness he did not see before. Like melting butter, the man submitted to her, again...arching his back a little more, trying to relax. To accept this gift of love from his mistress. He felt the assistant move under him, followed by the feeling of silk against his penis. He looked down to see her rubbing him with the mistress's panties. He went back to licking her labia, waiting for the mistress's entrance.

Again, the plastic tip pushed against his anus. His body stiffened momentarily, then relaxed. The pressure from the mistress increased until the head finally made it past the borderline and into his soul. The feeling was ethereal. The man had never had his asshole penetrated...never expected to. She pushed farther, slowly, giving him time to relax and adjust to this new sensation. His oral manipulation of the assistant continued with a new fervor. He felt her stir again, and then he felt a sharp pleasurable pain on both his nipples.

The sensation sent a shockwave through his body, bringing him close to over stimulation. Again, he looked down to see two clamps, one on each nipple, connected by a chain. The assistant tugged on the chain, increasing the glorious sensation on his nipples. She began to lick the mistress's pussy, once again, and the mistress began stroking, in and out, in and out. The three of them were intertwined; the mistress kneeling behind the man, fucking his ass; the assistant getting oral love from the man; the assistant giving oral love to the mistress.

The mistress's thrusts became more immediate, faster. She moaned loudly, thrust once more, and then fell onto the man's back, hugging him hard around the torso as her body convulsed in orgasmic waves. The man put two fingers into the assistant's pussy, and sucked her clit hard into his mouth. Her body tensed and then she exploded in orgasm. A clear viscous fluid erupted from her vagina, soaking the man's face and hand. The man was content.

The mistress pulled her dildo from the man's asshole and climbed down from the desk. She was unsteady on her heels, but still in clearly in control. The man disentangled himself from the assistant and lay down on the desk next to her. She got up and headed for the closet to retrieve towels. The man, in utter bliss, looked up at the mistress. She gazed down at him with adoration.

«Officeboy,» she cooed. «You're fired,» she said. She reached into her drawer and took out a key. «This is the key to my apartment. I'll be home around seven.» She put it into the palm of his hand, closed his fingers around it, and left the room.

