Surprising classmate! (Post nr FIVEHOUNDRED!)

12th February 2010, 11:55 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everyone!

It has gone quite some time since I contributed... There are reasons for that which I shall not go in to now. But I've been standing on 499 posts like for ever and now it's time to execute my FIVEHOUNDRED post!!! A small step for the giants here but a giant step for little me! Anyway, I feel kind of proud! And here a new story comes! Bonne appetite!!

The following took place several years ago. It was my last year in school, I was eighteen years old . I had a classmate, Inga, who I'd become kind of curious about. She wasn't one of the »popular» girls although she was pretty enough. She kept herself to herself and was rather shy. In the dressingroom before and after physical education I noticed that she had a real nice figure; especially I liked her breasts, they were not big but they were firm and very well shaped. She never wore a bra, she certainly didn't need one... One day, when we changed clothes, I noticed that her white panties had a rather large yellowish stain at the crotch. They seemed to be dry but obviously she must have peed in them at some point! She caught me looking at her and very quickly she tore them off, while she blushed heavily! Neither of us said anything but the discovery made me very turned on...

Some days later I went to a bar in the evening. It was only a month since my eighteenth birthday and I found it very thrilling to be allowed by the law to visit bars and restaurants without the company of an adult. In the bar I caught sight of Inga sitting alone at a table in the back of the room. It surprised me, I didn't think of her as a girl who visited bars... I went up to her, said hello and asked if I could join her. Somewhat reluctant (at least so it appeared to me) she nodded. So I sat down opposite to her. In front of her was a half filled pint of beer and on the table was also an empty mug... She really must love beer, I thought... When a waitress arrived I ordered a pint myself.

I got my pint and we started to talk. We'd been classmates for nearly four years but during that time we hadn't exchanged many words. Now she showed to be a very entertaining girl to chat with! We talked about everything and began to laugh a lot! She ordered her third pint and I my second and we became more and more tipsy and giggly. And I became more and more desperate to pee! Which made me wonder if she wasn't as well...

I was showing Inga a pretty ring, which I'd inherited from my grandmother, and when she returned it to me I fumbled and lost the grip and the ring fell to the floor. To find it I fell down to my knees and bend down under the table. I drew my breath... On the carpet in front of Inga's chair was a BIG puddle! And under the cover of the hanging down tablecloth she had pulled up her skirt and was sitting with parted legs, which exposed her nylon stockings dressed legs all the way up to her light blue, almost seethrough panties! And on the panties was a large, soaking wet patch! Inga had peed herself during our conversation! And it couldn't have been long ago as the carpet hadn't yet absorbed much of the pee... In fact the crotch of her panties still glistened of pee and a few drops fell down! And the smell!! The small of her fresh pee was just exquisite!! The sight and the smell... I found it very hard to get myself to get up from under the table. I'd become so damned horny!

- Yvette! Don't you find the ring?

Reluctantly I tore myself from the exciting sight and sat down on my chair again. I showed her the ring and put it on my finger again. Then I looked her in the eyes and said:

- Did you just pee yourself?

She blushed and stuttered:

- Eh... eh... I... it... it just came... I... I... didn't r... realize I had to go that b... b... badly...

- Sure it was an accident.

? It seems you prepared for it by pulling up your skirt so that it wouldn't be stained when you peed...»

Suddenly she began to cry! She sobbed:

- Don't tell anyone! S... sometimes I like to get so desperate that I can't help myself from wetting my panties.

And I'd planned to do so to night. Then you came and I thought I shouldn't but I'd already had so much beer and honestly I'm a little drunk... To be safe I pulled up my skirt anyway. And when you told that funny story I laughed so much and then I totally lose control! Oh, please, Yvette, don't tell... I'm so sorry! You must be totally grossed out!»

Her confession made me even more turned on! I couldn't resist to put a hand under the tablecloth and stroke it up my thigh, feeling the nylon stockings under my hand and then the bare skin when I I'd passed the stocking tops. I parted my thighs slightly and began rubbing on the crotch. Gosh! My panties were already soaked from my pussy fluids! I reflected on my next move... I decided that I shouldn't give away my own secret... that I also loved to pee myself and did so frequently, expecially in public. But that she'd made me curious...

- Don't be afraid! Of course I won't tell anyone! I don't know if I dare to tell you... well... no, it's embarrassing...

- What? What's embarrassing? Nothing could be more embarrassing than me wetting myself sitting at a bar in the company of a classmate! And then make such a confession! Come on! Tell me!

- Ok! Well... you know, when I saw you under the table I thought it was such a sexy sight! Oh, to tell the truth, I became very horny! And... and I'm a bit curious of how it would feel to pee oneself... Is it a sexy feeling, does it feel nice? Do you get turned on by wetting yourself? Oh, you don't have to answer if you don't want to!

She stopped sobbing and gave me a searching look. Then she smiled and said:

- I think I owe you a honest answer! Yes, it's a very sexy feeling! Yes I get immensly turned on by wetting myself; especially if I do it in public where I'm running the risk of being caught! If you're curious of the feeling, why not try it yourself? That is if you dare to...»

She gave me an elusive smile... I addressed the waitress, just passing:

- Two more pints, please!

Then I turned to Inga:

- I can never resist a challenge when someone says 'if you dare to'! But I'm not sure that I'm able to pee under these circumstances. I think I have to drink some more beer in order to be really in need to pee. Oh my God, I'm so horny I'm almost coming!

- Oh, Yvette! Are you serious? It's so exciting that you'll wet yourself! And of course you'll be able to! After another pint you can't hold yourself even if you try hard! And myself, I'm in need again! By the way, if you don't want to have an orgasm in front of the waitress, I suggest that you take a break rubbing your pussy, she's arriving now...

- How did you...?

- Hahah... the tablecloth is moving in sort of big waves!

We got our pints and while we finished them, she told a very exciting story about how she was caught by a girl when she peed herself at a bus stop. I was getting more and more desperate and eventually I felt lika I was going to burst! I began to squirm on the chair.

- I believe I'm very, very soon going to wet myself! I don't think I could hold myself another minute!

- Wait a second! I want to look!

Inga dived under the table and the next moment I began to pee my panties! It was three pints coming out! Pee rushed in strong torrents through my panties! Oh, it felt good! And it felt even better when I felt something press on my pussy! I lifted the tablecloth and looked. Inga was standing on all four between my thighs with her open mouth licking and sucking on my pussy receiving great portions of my pee directly in her mouth and swallowing it! That made it... I came so hard that I had to bit my underlip hard too avoid from screaming out loud! I peed like forever and I came repeatedly! Inga sucked my clit eagerly! I was totally in heaven!

When Inga came in sight again and sat on her chair, I saw that her blouse was soaking wet in front! And her face glittered from my pee! With a delighted expression on her face she took a napkin and dried it.

- Now it's my turn! Hurry, Yvette, get under the table at once!

I slided quickly down under the table and positioned myself between her thighs. Not a second too soon! At first there came a short but very strong gush of pee shooting through her lightblue panties, then a short break and then a continuously forceful torrent! I didn't loose a second to put my eager mouth on to her pussy and let her blessed nectar stream into my mouth! The torrent was so strong that I didn't keep up with the stream and a lot ran over my face and my blouse... The feeling of warm pee on my breasts was so wonderful! I alternated between swallowing pee and sucking and licking her engorged and stiff clit! She began to bounce and squirm and so she came really hard! And she came and came! I reflected that I've met my match when it came to multiple orgasms... I also reflected that it was equally exciting to give such orgasms as it was to receive them! Without touching my pussy I had a couple of really nice orgasms while I was down on her!

Afterwards we quickly sneaked out from the bar before anyone discovered the totally soaked carpet under our table! We were living pretty near eachother and on our way home we peed everywhere! We were very drunk and giggled all the time!

For a time after this, until we graduated, we had a sort of relation. For example, we used to stay after the others in the dressingroom and the showerroom, where we peed in the showers and had sex! Other times we went to another town, strolled in the park dressed in skirts and nylon stockings, teasing women (never men, of course, that could be dangerous...) by lifting our skirts, sometimes peeing ourselves in front of women... Never anyone got angry, on the contrary, many seemed very curious and stopped to stare at us! In all, you know, we had a lot of fun!

''''''''''''''''''''

