True story: I bet I make you pee 1st...in a movie theater

23rd May 2009, 10:54 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Most of my pee-play got its roots in masturbation. One of my favorite methods of masturbation is to force fluids and masturbate with a full bladder, releasing my bladder in conjunction with my orgasm (I call it "shower style masturbation"). If I force fluids enough, my pee is actually clear and odorless...so it's like I'm peeing out hot water. And because of that, my girlfriend Kerry and I started to do this together and it gradually became a standard part of our sexual encounters together.

Normally, Kerry and I would only do these things in the privacy of my house - or out back by my pool (which is extremely private with a fence and trees). But we have started to take some more risks with our pee-play by doing things in public places. So one night last week, I was inspired by another posting on here and we had some fun in a movie theater!

We purposely went to an old/lame movie at an off-time, so there were literally only a few other people in the theater - just one group in the front row and one couple in the middle. So Kerry and I headed all the way to the back row, in the back corner seats - with no one anywhere near us. It was very warm out, so both of us were wearing short skirts. And we both had bought large diet sodas before coming in.

We made a bet with each other. And it was a great prize to the winner: the loser would have to give a full hour of oral sex followed by a full 90-minute hot oil massage. And here's what we had to do...

#1 - We would each drink our entire large cup of soda in the first 30 minutes of the movie.

#2 - After we both finished our sodas, we would start to masturbate each other - in spite of our VERY full bladders - and if we tried to push the other person away or even close our legs, we'd lose.

#3 - We could also lose, though, if we tried to "cheat" by pushing down on the other person's bladder...the objective was to masturbate them until they had to pee, not bypass that by just pushing down on their bladders.

#4 - The first one to lose it and pee in their seat would lose the bet!

Well, Kerry and I are both very thin. So our bladders were already full before we even finished the sodas! But we both finished them as planned. Neither of us was wearing panties

, so we both hiked up our skirts around our waists and sat our naked butts down directly onto the movie theater seats. That's kind of nasty, but not nearly as nasty as it was when we finished!

So now it was time to get started. Kerry was against the wall to my left, so I started to masturbate her right away...and she started to rubbing me down too. Oh my, I could tell immediately that this was going to be VERY difficult. The only thing that took any attention away from trying not to pee was that my arms were starting to get sore from leaning over to finger her without making it too obvious what we were doing if someone happened to look back. But Kerry was having so much fun trying to make me pee that she didn't even seem to care about how sore her arms were, because she just kept going at it relentlessly.

I could feel myself getting close to an orgasm, but I tried really hard to delay it a little bit longer because I could tell that Kerry was getting really close too. She wasn't smiling at me anymore, but was now rubbing me less and looking away as she seemed really focused on not peeing. That's when I got really confident that I had her!!! It turns out that I was a little too confident.

Then it happened...I thought for sure that Kerry was about to burst...but then she surprised me. All of a sudden, she took the fingers that had been rubbing my clit and shoved them deep inside my pussy - just enough that by chance, she happened to immediately land directly on my g-spot. And as if that wasn't enough, in that same motion of her hand, one of her fingers dropped down and slipped just inside my back hole.

I immediately lost it. I'd been trying to hold off this orgasm for so long that once she pushed me beyond that point of no return, there wasn't anything else that I could do. In one single motion, I arched my back as I felt the climax overtake my body and my bladder burst onto her fingers and all over the seat and floor underneath me.

Knowing that she had won, she released her grip on me and I felt her body relax just a little as she released her own bladder onto her seat. We both let go of each other and leaned forward a little, so that we were peeing down into the back of the seat onto the floor and down into the cushion itself - rather than spraying onto the seat back in front of us.

We weren't holding back either. We both had to pee so bad that once the spigot had been opened, we just let it flow - both of us peeing continuously for at least 30 seconds. Maybe longer. We peed way too much for the seats to soak it all up, and the collective puddle of pee from both of us was beginning to flow past the sides of our shoes as we both stood up. After pulling our skirts back down to the appropriate level, we quickly stepped through the puddle and walked out of the theater...never looking back. Eventually, we did stop at a restroom so that we could wipe down our legs and clean off our shoes - laughing hysterically the entire time!!!

Now, I just have to ask myself...after that stunt, what could possibly be next? And where?

- Renee

P.S. - I really am sorry to anyone who reads this and happens to work in a movie theater. Seriously, some poor unfortunate soul had to clean up after us!!! Oops...

