Roommates Part 10: Accident on the Train

28th April 2013, 05:40 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

The girls decided to take a train into town to do some shopping. Denise knew she would need a new wardrobe for school. Less slacks and more skirts, perhaps. As they boarded the train, they were pleased to see that it was mostly empty. It was too late for work traffic and since school was out for the summer, it was not crowded with students. But there were still a few people in their car. An older gentleman in a suit, a young, twenty-something girl with red hair, and a lady with her who could have been her mother or older sister.

"So," Starla said, grinning as she lifted her skirt just enough that she wasn't sitting on it, "We're going to hit the outlets first. That's the hippest place to shop."

"Okay. I know I need some new shoes and a few skirts and dresses."

"Mmm hmm. we both know why you need skirts and dresses." Denise's eyes widened and she looked nervously at the other people in the train car.

"Not so loud."

"What? They don't know what I'm talking about."

The train began to slow and the older gentleman stepped to the doors. As they opened, he glanced at Denise and cleared his throat before stepping out.

"Oooh, I believe that hot older guy just checked you out." Denise felt her face get flushed. She had never thought about the possibility of being with an older man. He wasn't bad looking, either.

Movement from the young girl caught their attention. She had her legs pressed tightly together and she looked uncomfortable. The woman with her put a comforting hand on her back. Both Denise and Starla could not help but stare.

"How much further, Mom?" The girl asked.

"Two more stops, sweetheart. About fifteen minutes." The girl growled, squeezing her legs tighter and rocking back and forth in her seat. Starla could not stay quiet any longer and spoke up.

"They need bathrooms on these trains," she said.

"I know, right?" the girl replied, trying to chuckle. "Ahh, this sucks. I have to pee so bad."

"I know, Eva, I do, too," her mother said, "but there's nothing I can do."

"I'm about to pee right here on this train!" Eva snapped. Denise looked at Starla, who looked back and winked.

"I am sure these young ladies wouldn't appreciate that," her mother said. "Nor would the train people... whoever they are."

"Hell with them," Eva shouted. "They should've put bathrooms on these things, then."

"Um," Denise spoke, "we don't mind, really, if you have to pee."

"What?" Eva said.

"It's okay with us if you just want to pee here." Eva and her mother both peered at Denise and Starla, their eyes wide with surprise and maybe a little relief.

"Are you sure?" Eva asked.

"Go ahead," Starla said. "There's no one else here and we don't mind. In fact, I kind of have to go right now, too." She bunched the front of her skirt so the girl and her mother could see her panties, sat up in her seat, and spread her legs. Right away, her panties darkened with her warm pee and began to fill the seat cushion beneath her.

"Oh my god," the mother said. Denise watched both girls, smiling as they stared, perplexed and mesmerized by Starla's brazenness.

"Mmmm, that feels really good," Starls said. "So warm...ahhhhh..."

"Okay, I'm sorry, Mom, but I can't hold it anymore. I'm gonna just go." Eva unfastened her jeans and quickly tugged them down her thighs, shoving them and her panties all the way to her ankles. As her mother looked on, wide-eyed, Eva sat back in her seat and with a sigh released her bladder. "Ohhhh, that feels so much better. Ohhh." Her spray hissed out of her loud enough that it echoed throughout the train car. It splashed messily against the seat and her thighs and darkened the cushion at her crotch. "Mom, this feels so... good... You have to... try this. Ohhhh."

Eva's mother looked reluctant, but she pressed her hand between her crotch. Watching her daughter's flow must have increased her own need.

"It's okay," Denise said, "really. Just let it go."

"Ah, what the hell," the mother said. She stood up and reached under her dress, pulling off her panties. Then she lifted her dress up and bunched it at her lap so she wasn't sitting on it. The other three girls waited as she closed her eyes. She sat that way for about fifteen seconds. Denise began to wonder if maybe she had peed quietly into the seat and they hadn't noticed. "I can't do it. I tried, but it won't come out. This is just too weird."

Denise sat up in her seat. "Just imagine you're in the bathroom. Sit up, spread your legs, and just go. Like this." Without moving her skirt out of the way, Denise let go and began to pee into her seat.

"Denise, you're peeing in your skirt!" Starla said.

"Too late now," Denise said as she spread her legs and peed full-force into her skirt and the seat cushion. She licked her lips and looked down at the wet spot forming at her crotch as her warm pee sprayed against her inner thighs and trickled into the seat.

The mother seemed to take Denise's advice as she sat up as if on a toilet seat, her knees together. "I can't believe I'm doing this, but I just can't hold it anymore" She sighed and let go. This time, her pee hissed out right away. At the first sound of her pee hissing into her seat, the mother gasped and opened her eyes. "Oh my... that is warm...mmm." She closed her eyes again as the hissing sound grew louder and she spread her legs a little. "Ohh... that feels so... ahhh..." Her gasps became louder as she continued to pee. Some of her urine began to drip from the seat to the floor, splashing her feet, but she didn't seem to care. "I think I'm gonna... uhhh... oh my god..." As Denise, Starla, and Eva watched, the mother shuddered as she climaxed right in front of them, her warm pee still dripping from the edge as she slumped back into the seat and sighed.

"That was amazing. I haven't orgasmed like that in a long time. I'm so sorry, Eva. That must have been so embarrassing for you." Eva was pulling her panties and jeans back up and she smiled at her mother.

"No, Mom, it's okay. I think I kind of did, too. I'm sorry, but I really enjoyed that." Denise and Starla grinned at each other.

"I'm guessing that's not the first time you girls have peed somewhere like this before?" Now they both blushed as the mother peered at them with that mommy look. "Well," she said, winking. "I don't think it will be our last."

