Body language

15th June 2010, 08:19 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

True?

No.

Fantasy?

Yes...

It might be a load of fluff and nonsense to some of you; apologies if it's a bit long on words and short on floods; but hey - it's my story; I'll write it the way I want to.

I walked into the hotel foyer - looking around me, sort of hoping that there would be few people in the way and that picking you out would be easy. I need not have worried; because as I stood inside the entrance to what I was hoping rather pathetically would be paradise; suddenly, in front of me was a vision. that same vision which had visited my dreams and my mind ever since we had first had the courage and trust which resulted in this moment.

You stand before me, looking up at me through a veil of gorgeous auburn hair; the sun coming in through the doors catching the reds, the almost purple curls as they cascaded down around your face. Dark, dark eyes boring into mine - no words said or needed. Your hands by your sides, I reach out and take both in mine. There is a chill in the late Autumn air and I feel your cold fingers warm as my hands envelop yours. Still, we say nothing, yet I see and feel you talk to me. Your eyes meet mine again and we stay locked together.

I can sense anticipation - nerves too. Is this right? I can see from the way that your chest is rising, falling, deepening breaths and the slight flush to your cheeks which seem to say that it IS right - this is something we have talked about and fantasized about in words for a long time. And now it is right. I can also see a little nervousness creeping in for another reason; and as you take one hand back and press it against the outside of your thigh, I know that you are prepared - and following the initial flush of recognition and excitement; another need has re-asserted itself. You need to pee.

Not desperately, but enough to make standing still, with that cool breeze fluttering around your legs, a challenge. Eyes still locked in an embrace all of their own, I place a finger under your chin, draw your face up and towards mine - and kiss you. Eyes open, gently on the lips. Watching for a reaction and feeling everything I had wanted to feel -my stomach suddenly in an express lift going down to the ground floor, where it lurched. Just that one kiss - the energy transferring from you to me - back again as my hand ran through your hair, to the back of your neck, pulling you gently closer; kissing you harder. My eyes close instinctively for a second, but the same instinct has then open again - I can feel a third pair of eyes close by -we are being watched quizzically by the receptionist. I smile - you, with the receptionist behind you look at me , head to one side slightly and sightly accusingly - I look over your shoulder at the desk, back to you, wink and motion toward the lift.

Inside the lift; you catch the non-verbal bug, put a finger to your lips shushing me; then lick your finger and trace it around my lips before moving towards me to kiss me again. This time, as the real lift and express lift collide I have to draw you towards me, an arm around your waist and pulling you close, I feel the warmth of your body on mine as we both close our eyes and drink in the feelings we are creating. My hand at the base of your spine, I want you to feel the reaction the kiss has had - pulling you ever closer; you move your lips away from mine, eyes still closed, head back - an almost silent "Aghh" escapes you and I feel one leg move over the other as I inadvertently press your bladder to my stomach.

Eyes open now, you look upwards and your mouth curls up at the corners. There is a sparkle in those eyes as you purse your lips, looking at me now and then I feel a hand between us - it grabs at the front of my jeans, a fleeting grab at my hardening cock - then as swiftly it is gone, now pressing itself between your legs. Your face on my shoulder before looking up at me again - we both know what that look does to me. You cannot overuse it; or abuse it - let me read you, let us talk with no words as the lift continues its ponderous rise towards our palace for the evening.

Along the corridor, side by side; hand in hand we arrive at your room and, with just a slight tremble in your fingers as you fumble for the card, we go inside. Strange just how liberating the sound of a closing door can be - inside, you grab at the waistband of my jeans, pulling me towards you, eyes laughing, teeth gritted as you giggle and shake me to and fro in mock indignation. My hand catches your wrist and I pull you toward me again - kissing this time with an urgency and intensity I did not know I possessed. My hand to the back of your head this time; the tip of my tongue around your lips, darting into your mouth, meeting your tongue - tongues and lips saying that this is what my mouth wants to do with your cunt. To tingle, tease and probe the lips that are down there. To taste the honey you keep there and to tease the pee which desperately wants to escape there.

No words are necessary; as still kissing, you move me backwards, turning me at the last second so that it is you who is sitting on the bed. Thighs clamped shut, you pull your skirt up, allowing one hand to creep between those thighs and slide side on in between your legs. A gentle shake of the head... Would you really lose control if I went down on you? Would you have to leak? Pee in my mouth? To me - are you asking me whether I want to take that risk - and the answer is certainly I do. I have spied the empty bottles of mineral water on the dresser; I an happy to drink from its new source. I kneel before you, and slide both hands up the inside of your thighs; I feel the tingle and goose bumps as your flesh reacts - your bare legs no longer covered by that skirt - the musk of your sex drawing me ever closer.

You stand - the skirt falls to the floor; the shoes fly across the room as they are kicked off - and again your hand strays to your crotch, a quick squeeze and you sit again. Still kneeling, I push you back and you lie on the bed...

Tease... I move my face towards your pussy, hot breath aimed right where I will find those lips to kiss; but this is not right. I have yet to kiss a woman, then, without respecting her form, found myself kissing her intimately. I am beside you, you on your back, me on my side. And I want us both to wait until we can wait no more; because I have to pee too. Meantime, can I see you as I see you in my visions? I kiss you again, pecking your lips, looking into your eyes as my fingers seek the buttons on your blouse. The top two are open - I have feasted already upon the view within; those breasts, large, firm, tanned and I want to kiss them. Buttons fall open, you sit up for as long as it takes to become topless, then turn and look at me. You do not move.

Waistcoat and T-shirt come off, you wink, nod and lie down, moving us both up the bed so that your head now lies on the pillows. You smile, the smile gets out of control and you squeeze your eyes shut, stifling a laugh. The act of not talking is becoming a challenge - we are both now intent upon generating words through touch, through passion. My turn to make you talk - your nipples receive an examination from my mouth, while one hand moves gently down to your mound, tickling slightly, you react and there are more goosebumps. Just one item of clothing left for you - I slide my hand inside and feel my way through hair, to the place my fingers want to be - then they stop moving. My teeth nip sharply, then I suck on the nipple, almost apologetically. Do you like to be bitten? How about the tongue running around it, making it erect, then sucking. A gentle nibbling - not hard, but fast - I have to find out these things and get lost in my imagination.

A sharp shove in my groin; punching against my own now uncomfortably full bladder, regains my attention and i am aware that the motionless hand has been pressing on YOUR bladder - and I am aware also that those panties are tiny bit damp. Is it pee? I kiss you by way of apology and slide my hand between those lips - you are wet. Hot, wet and oozing honey - but a little further up from those lips, a touch of something else. I think things are OK - aroused by what we are doing and by the overwhelming need to pee; you are turned on by the danger of what we are doing, but came so close to having me force your pee out that you did indeed lose a little.

I now slide those panties down your legs, and follow them down, I want now to taste you. I kneel between your legs now, encouraging you to part them for me to let me see and sense you. You close your eyes as I look into them; This is for feeling, not for seeing. My tongue explores those lips, I suck gently on them, parting them and let my tongue touch and taste you inside; then move up a little and find your pee hole - butterfly kisses from my tongue around it, then as I hear you gasp - one leg raises instinctively and I feel a trickle.

Just a little - but you have leaked a little more pee and I have tasted it. It's nice! Warm, slightly salty - it's recycled mineral water and I want some more. I stop briefly, and put one finger to your lips, then slide it inside of you; then a second. Moving them in and out gently, a rhythm is established. In, then up and out - out pressing along your full, full bladder from the inside. Slowly, daring you to let it out! Can you control it? Can you hold it... You can, you rise and fall in time, breathing quickening and I let you lead me. My tongue finds your clit and I take that into my mouth, sucking on it - in time with your movements. A squeal escapes you, then another - I sense that you are somewhere between cumming and going; can you do one without the other?

No! I feel you buck against me, I feel a hand in my hair as you peak; as you try simultaneously to refrain from wetting the bed while giving in to orgasm. I feel your pee in my face - intense, then shut off as you regain control. I feel you fall back on the bed, almost lifeless and I raise myself; my hair a little wet in places. You breathe deeply, calming, calming, then ram a hand between your legs. What was a spurt needs to become a flood.

I stand - you are suddenly kneeling on the bed, rocking slightly, thighs clenched. Your eyes and mine meet - the bed is no longer safe..It has a tiny wet circle on it from that most recent spurt. By now, I am frantic to pee as well - and I still have jeans on! I have to grab at my cock- it is hard; and peeing when hard is virtually impossible, but I am close to wetting myself all of a sudden. Your expression changes - you pull my hand away, and undo the jeans. Nothing more, you simply undo them. I take them off; I remove my shorts - and now we are both naked and needing to piss. And piss NOW!

You are in front of me - and now I am back on the bed! You are kneeling over me- from somewhere you have discovered reserves of self control - but you are kneeling; now sitting, lightly, but not lightly enough, on my bladder. My cock is enveloped in your hand, otherwise I would have exploded there and then. But I now have another problem. It;s not just your desperation that turns me on - mine too is a source of delight - but if I cum; I will emulate you and pee very soon after.

And if I cum with you sitting on my bladder; you will experience a true golden shower - for my control will be gone! You caress me, skilled fingers take me close to cumming, then take me away from that point of no return. My only salvation might be your own bladder; should you trickle or leak again, then we will surely move?! You move, but upwards, your legs into my side - and my cock starts to dance as I feel pee rising to escape. You have let go and now I am frantic - I cannot grab myself and I am about to burst. Your expression saves me. You bite your lip and roll your eyes in mock agony, before grabbing your pussy with both hands, willing your pee to remain inside of you. Concentrate, concentrate - then you move. Quickly and I follow, holding the tip of my cock and dancing now, I am into desperation, but this is agony.

Into the bathroom; the shower is large - it's almost a wetroom - quite apt really! You are backed against the wall, the cold tiles make you gasp and you cross your legs hard. I look at you - the look of a master to his slut! I DARE you to pee before I have finished; my thighs are quivering with the agony of holding it and, despite thumb and finger holding the tip I can feel drops of pee escaping. without breaking my gaze, I aim my cock at your cunt and relax. My pee hits you hard; it truly bursts forth and immediately, your pubic hair is soaked.

You pull your mons upward, and my jet hits your inner lips, crashes against your clit too, as you move back to let this happen - then I regain control and spin you round. Instinct; you brace against the wall and I enter you from behind. Hard; we move together, I have lost enough pee to make fucking easy now - and, spurred on by your gasps and - for the first time; a word; "YES!" I relax and fill you with cum, then press hard up against you - one more thing to do. "Shhh!" And I hold you still, hold you firm, then relax once more - you receive a shower in a shower; the rest of my pee fills you, cascades out of you, pours down your legs as if your own and I feel you tense in desperation once more. My pee jets out as I use my muscles and actually forces my cock out of you. I direct the rest of it at your lips; then as you turn to face me again, the final spurts up against your breasts.

Your hands on my shoulders; looking up at me again, and pulling me down. I understand - I kneel, then lie on the cold floor; You; holding hard again, dancing impatiently as I do so; you HAVE to pee. Kneeling over me again, I watch as your eyes close, you whisper something to yourself, and a smile breaks across your lips, your whole face, as a trickle becomes a spurt, becomes a power shower. A hard jet into my stomach; it continues unabated for a minute or more; then eases off - at which point you move up and direct it to my chest; then as it subsides further, I draw you up further to let me taste the final trickles as you push them out.

If we had spoken prior to all this, then exhaustion would have rendered us speechless! As it is though, after a while we stand and embrace. We stand, motionless, just holding each other. I stroke your hair, you have your hands on my shoulder blades. pressing me against you. We stand like this for as long as it takes to know that it was right; it was good- everything the words and visions had promised and now there would be other things to do; showering, dressing and the chance for me to show you my favourite place to eat; to treat you like the sophisticated, successful lady that you are. The one the rest of the world sees...

Finally we relax - and in unison as we look into each other's eyes again, we speak... "Mmmmm" The laughter that followed simply confirmed it!

