One of My Ultimate Fantasies

28th October 2018, 06:24 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This story contains wetting, adult baby and lesbian themes. If you are into this, please read on...

One of My Ultimate Fantasies

###

I've had incontinence for the past 8 years. Off-and-on overactive bladder, stress leaks, urge accidents, and even wetting in my bed. I was 'into' pee and wetting myself long before any of this hit me. It has been bittersweet having incontinence...on one hand I am able to have 'pee' happen more often and in greater intensity and have accidents, which always gave me a kink when I was younger....but on the other hand, I have times when I'm caught short, in-line at the grocery store, or at a social event, and I pee myself. It is terrifying and embarassing. So the dichotomy of this is in the front of my mind all the time. I have to wear disposables on long road trips, at work and often at social events to avoid the embarrassment of an accident in my pants.

However, that part of me that started wetting for fun before I was old enough to drive is still there. I'm the same girl I was then...but now just more responsibilities, more pressures, and more wrinkles.

I had fantasies when I was younger about just going when I wanted, anytime I wanted right in my pants, and just having accidents and not caring, and not having to worry about embarrassment because I had a partner with whom to share it. I felt that peeing myself was a way for me to shed responsibility and to feel like I had a more simple existence. I had a difficult upbringing and an abusive parent, and me being able to just go potty in my pants made me feel 'okay' again anytime I needed that feeling.

Also - I always felt potty was an intimate activity and just 'going' in front of someone right in my clothing or without clothing was something that added to my sexuality and fantasy. I have been gay since as long as I can remember, and the thought of 'going' on myself around a woman was something that gave me excitement and relaxation. It was pee that first made me realize that I was a lesbian, as my predominant fantasy was about women and peeing and it was something I could never stop thinking about, and it was ONLY with women that I could think about this activity. I saw a woman wet herself next door and I remember feeling pleasure from thinking about that. The thoughts expanded to kissing a woman, and thinking about a women as a life partner. I came out 9 years ago, and I have had 3 steady woman partners since. However, none of them understand my potty fixation and all of them have discouraged me from it, and one actually found it repulsive.

I started to realize that I have adult baby tendencies as far as wanting to just 'use' my pants or disposable like a toilet...sort of just being 'lazy' and going anytime I want or need. However, I'm not a fan of disposables, even though I need them, and I don't get off on baby talk or clothes. So I'm very much a grown woman who doesn't want to use a toilet, but I'm not 'adult baby' in the traditional sense of the fetish.

My ultimate fantasy is to have a partner who not only appreciates my desire to go 'toilet-free,' but also gets kinked by it. My ideal scenario is renting a cabin in the middle of nowhere where we both just go in our pants, wet the bed and do it every day for as long as we are there. Even going in public....wetting our pants and coming back home and peeing in our bed, while still remaining intimate, and touching each other. Smells are not an issue, we can do wash as needed and then not use a diaper, unless we really need to....Just going in our grown-up pants. She likes me smelly and I like her smelly after a few days of this. We touch each other's parts, go down on each other, and have each other's smelly pee on our skin. We even pee on each other naked or through our panties and it feels amazing and natural, and right. It is a dream to just have this freedom. Perhaps I may never have it ...

- Jessica

