A Wonderful Day Becomes A Weekend cont. With a Twist

11th January 2012, 02:37 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

A Wonderful Day Becomes A Weekend.

Chapter 3 With a Twist

As before the names in this story have been purposefully left out, To protect the innocent and to allow you the reader to put whosoever name in you chose. This is also a work of pure fiction, although most of it is taken from some lovely memories. Some is also fantasy.

The drive in the car to the nearest large town normally took about 45 minuets but this morning due to both traffic and a car and caravan breaking down on a particularly awkward part of the road for overtaking. It took them nearer the hour and half mark to get to the multi-story car park In the town. All the way she had been taking sips of water from the bottle of water she had bought with her, so by the time they had eventually found somewhere to park and got out the car her bladder was full. Full to the point that when she had got out the car and smoothed her dress down she had felt how swollen her tummy was. Now was the time that she would normally have been on the look out for a toilet but not today. Today was going to be the day she finally fulfilled her fantasy of being desperate to the point of bursting in a public place.

He looked at her across the roof of the car as he locked it. Watched as she smoothed down her dress . Saw the slight shudder she gave as she rubbed her hand down across her tummy. Her mouth tightened slightly, but her eyes couldn't hide the smile in them. Just then she turned and looked across at him, her mouth lost it's tightness and spread into a wide smile.

My god he thought. She looked wonderful, her hair shone in the morning sunshine and she had a glow about her that made her even more attractive than normally.

«Excited?» He asked.

«Oh my god yes,» she replied «but also a bit apprehensive as well.»

«Don't worry» he said «that's only to be expected in the circumstances.»

«But besides that how are you feeling, are you needing to pee yet?»

«Lets put it this way» she said «Normally I would be searching for a loo about now.»

«What about you, do you need to go yet?» She asked.

«No I'm okay at the moment.» He replied.

Which was in fact the truth as unknown to her, when he had gone to get the flannel and towel to wash and dry her off after that amazing kiss earlier. He had needed to use the loo for the other purpose that it was designed for, and as hard as he tried not to let any pee go while he was on the loo he was one of those people who found it impossible to do one without the other, so had emptied his bladder at the same time. He had felt somewhat guilty of this but argued with himself that this made it easier for him to be a support to her while she fulfilled her fantasy of holding later that day.

They walked round to the back of the car where he took her into is arms gave her a gentle hug and a kiss. As he held her he could feel the way her bladder bulged at the base of her tummy, pressing against his. He held her for a wee while longer and then arm in arm they walked off to find the stairs and the way down to the shops.

As they walked down the stairs she could feel her bladder filling even more. It was as if each step she took caused her pee to build up. By the time they got down to the road and had walked the short distance to the high street and the shops she had got to the stage where her bladder was starting to ache a bit. But instead of the ache annoying her it just seemed to add to the building sexual tension she was feeling. She knew at that point if she had been able to put her hand down to her pussy she would have felt a definite dampness and it wouldn't have been pee making her damp.

It was a typical small market town and today was market day. They slowly walked up the street towards the town square where the market was held, window shopping as they went. As they walked along, him with his arm draped across her shoulders, and her with her arm around his waist. Her thumb hooked into a belt loop on his shorts. It occurred to her that it had been years since she had walked anywhere with a man snuggled up to her like this. A kinda warm feeling of fuzziness passed up her spine, she pulled her arm a bit tighter and felt him hug her a bit tighter too. For just a couple of seconds the feeling made her forget about her need for the loo, she looked up at him and a broad smile flashed across her face, she caught his eye as he looked down at her.

«Penny for them?» He asked.

«What do you mean?» She replied.

«You know exactly what I mean.» He said, «For a moment there you looked like you were just about to say something.»

«Oh it's nothing really,» she said.»I was just thinking to myself it's been years since I felt like this.»

Before she could say anything more, Her bladder reminded her that she was also feeling something else. A wave of desperation passed through her, making her shudder. She couldn't help herself for a moment and her hand went down to her tummy. She stopped walking and pressed her thighs tightly together in an effort to stop herself from leaking. Luckily they had stopped right in front of the local estate agents windows and to anybody watching it would have looked as if something had caught her eye in the window and they had just stopped to look at the houses there.

She caught a glimpse or their reflections in the window and over their shoulders she saw the reflection of a poster tacked to one of the trees on the green that was on the other side of the road behind them. Seeing this gave her an idea and she quickly turned and guided them across the road to the green, slipping her sandals of when they got on the grass looked so natural nobody took any notice. The only trouble came was when she went to bend down to pick them up. As she did so another wave of desperation spread through her, for a few moments she couldn't move a bit and stayed bent over, she could feel the way her bladder was so swollen it felt like it was pressing into her pussy from the inside which in fact it was. As she slowly straightened up the pain she was feeling in her bladder lessened and a greater feeling of sexual tension passed through her she visibly shivered and had to hold onto him for a moment before she could walk on.

All this time he was watching her intently, he could see by the different looks she was giving on her face the struggle she was having holding on much longer.

«You okay?» He asked.

She looked up at him and nodded. «Yes I'm fine now, but for two things.»

«Oh and what are they? One I can guess at but what's the other?» He asked.

«Well one is that I'm so near the point of exploding its not funny and the other is I've never felt so horny in my life. I'm sure that I just had a small come then as I straightened up» She laughed in reply.

Just then they heard music as the band started up on the bandstand in the middle of the green.

She looked across the small distance to the poster on the tree and noticed it was announcing the times that the band was playing. It was her idea to go across and pretend to be reading it while she let some pee go onto the grass, but before she could do that he had put his arm back round her and started to draw her off towards the bandstand.

Already there was quite a crowd gathering around the stand so they slowly and I mean slowly walked across there, because every step she now took was sending shocks up and down her spine. She could feel the way the muscles she was clenching so tight to stop herself from peeing were making her pussy lips twitch and each twitch spread up from her urethra to her clit. By the time they got there she was breathing quite hard and so close to coming it seemed impossible to her that nobody was noticing but everybody was watching the band and not them.

They stopped a bit back from the stand and he stood behind her with his strong arms wrapped around her shoulders pulling her back into his chest, As he pulled her back onto himself he bent down and whispered to her. «Now let some go, relieve some of the pressure you're feeling.» She rested back against him and as the first tune finished and everybody started to applaud the band. She relaxed against him and released her control on her bladder. And nothing happened.

Now here's the twist lol. For here is where I'm going to leave the story for a while. This is for a couple of reasons. The first is and I don't know if this has been done before but I've had this daft idea that as a kind of thankyou to all the people that have been patient enough to read the ramblings of this old pee perv. What I would like to do now is to write some of you into the story so I would love to hear from those of you who fancy this what kind of things you would like to read about in this story and how you see the story developing for the next couple of hours of their weekend.

I say the next couple of hours because i've already said how they were going to end up at the beach and the half remembered swimming hole.

The second and I suppose to me the most important reason is, That I would love to hear from you lovely ladies out there letting me know if I've got her emotions and feelings right from a female point of view. Because even though I've been around women all my life all I am after all is a mere male lol. And still to this very day you ladies surprise the life out of me so it would be of utmost help to know if I've got the right slant on my writtings of her feelings so far. Now thats the end of this twist lol I look forward to hearing from you and may all thats good watch over you all. All the best Smokie xxx

