Petra and Yvette meet a third time!

31st October 2008, 06:25 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody

This story is dedicated to jubilantmind, who's expressed a wish (as odd as it may seem...) to hear more about another meeting with Petra... Hi Jube!

Well, in an other thread I've told about my first two meetings with Petra. Both of them took place at the bar where I work part time (the first one continued at a park...). This'll be about our third meeting...

It was about two o'clock in the afternoon. The lunch hour rush was over and there were only a handful of guests in the bar.

- "Hi, Yvette!" It was Petra! "You can't guess!" I shook my head.

- "Hi, Petra! You're quite right! I can't guess... but maybe it has something to do with the parcel you're holding in your hand?"

- "Yesss!!! It's about this parcel! Oh, Yvette! It's my butterfly! I've just fetched it at the postoffice! And now I'll go home and try it on..." She leaned over the counter, her cheeks were rosy! "It's so exciting! My panties are already wet from anticipation...!"

So I got this brilliant idea!

- "You don't have to go home... You can put it on in our staff room, noone will disturb you there, and then come back to me. But you've to promise that you won't use the remote. When you come back, I want you to hand over the remote to me and that you'll go and sit down at that table over there!" I pointed at a table near the counter. "There'll be a pint of beer on the house waiting for you when you come back! And another one coming up when you've finished the first one..."

She didn't hesitate for a second! Her eyes sparkled when I showed her to the staff room!

- "You may lock the room from the inside! And an other thing... Don't dare to use the toilet to pee! There'll be better use for your pee!" I laughed and turned back to the bar...

Ten minutes later she came back.

- "Sorry it took so long! I had to read the instructions to be sure that I put it on correctly! And here you are..." She left over the remote and went to sit down at the table, where I had placed her chair so that she was turned to me...

I attended a couple of new guests and she pretty quickly drank up her first pint. I came over to her with the second one. She grabbed my arm.

- "I'm feeling the butterfly against my pussy and it feels so exciting I'm afraid I've almost drenched it with my juices! I really hope it's water proof! Especially as I'm getting pretty desperate by now... And what are you going to do with the remote? There are other guests here, you know!"

- "That's for me to know and for you to find out in due course... And yes... I know there are other guests here... that's a good thing.. more tips in my pocket, you know!" With an evil smile on my lips I left her...

Back behind the bar I looked at her. She gave me a nervous smile and parted her legs slightly enabled me to have a look up her thighs past the stocking tops to her panty crotch. Her panties were pretty see-through and I caught a glimpse of the butterfly under them!

Time to act! I turned on the remote at low speed... The effect was immediate! She opened her eyes wide and a big smile appeared... I let the butterfly continue on low and after a while she shut her eyes and looked very content! Once in a while she opened her eyes to reach for the pint and then she shut them again with a sigh... A sigh that eventually became an ongoing panting... I increased the speed. She gave a start! A little cry slipped through her lips! She started to move her butt on the chair... She clenched her teeth not to moan loudly... her excitement coloured her face red... her eyes were shiningly looking at something very distant!

But then I turned off the remote. The effect was almost comic! She looked straight at me and her eyes were really begging! They said as plain as if she actually spoke the words: "Please, please! Turn it on again! You can't do this to me! I was in heaven! I was almost coming!!! Please! Please!!!" But evil me waited... and waited... And finally I turned it on low... And she looked a bit happier! But soon her eyes signalled: "More!! I want more!!! Please, I wanna come!"

And evil Yvette turned into very nice Yvette! I turned it on fast... But almost immediatly I turned it off... Not to be evil.. on the contrary... It was because a new guest, a woman in her mid thirties, entered the bar and, as it happened, sat down at the table where Petra sat! At first Petra didn't notice her and she looked very angrily at me!! But when she noticed her new company she looked rather anxious, closed her legs and pulled down her skirt!

When the woman entered I saw that she wasn't exactly steady on her feet... She was very well dressed and looked beautiful but when she ordered a pint of beer she talked a bit thickly... I whispered in Petra's ear:

- "She's rather tipsy! I don't think she would mind if... you know... We'll see.. let's play by ear..." Petra gave me a frightened look but as horny as she was by now she admitted by a nod!

After I've served the woman her pint I turned the remote at fast again! And again Petra clenched her tees not to moan loudly but was unable to sit still on her chair! She rubbed her butt forth and back, her skirt went up her thighs again, over the stocking tops, revealing a glimpse of her white skin! It took a while but eventually her table company got aware of the unusual behavior of Petra.. She stared (didn't try to be discreet about it...) but she didn't say anything. It was like she was very interested of Petra's doings but not surprised or appalled by them... And nor did she seem aroused... just plainly interested!

I saw that Petra was very near now! She had one hand tighly pressed on her mouth and with the other, not aware of what she was doing, she caressed her breasts outside her blouse!

(And what about Yvette? Someone may ask... Well... I doubt if I've ever been as horny as I was at that moment! Behind the bar I vehemently stroke my pussy outside my very moisty panties and I was as close as Petra! But back to Petra now!)

She had spread her legs widely, she closed her eyes tight! And she came!!! She raised her butt high up from the chair and convulsions went through her entire body! In that position with her butt high up in the air she started to pee! And it was real torrents that gushed through her panties

, spreading when they passed the butterfly! And both the climaxes and the peeing went on and on, but all the time the clever girl stayed silent, not drawing any attraction from the other guests... Except from one... Her table company had risen a bit from her chair to have a better look but still it seemed to be an objective, you could say scientific interest...

(And Yvette was coming as hard as Petra! And between my fingers and through my panties my pee flowed down and splashed on the floor!)

And here I'll end this story but, as you probably realize, it wasn't the end of that day...

Your horny Yvette

