Having A Good Time With a Full Figuired Brunette Beer Drinker Part 7

12th April 2010, 01:53 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Marrie came back down to the basement about 15 minuyes after going upstairs t the kitchen. She had two plates whith our supper on them. I got up from the old bed and we sat down to gether on the couch and ate. The meatloafwas very good which I told her it was. She said thank you to me after my compliment.

After eating I took her plate and I went upstairs. I spent the next twenty minutes cleaning up. Before I went back down to the cellar I asked Marrie from the top of the stairs if she needed a beer. She said she did so I got her a fresh cold one and then went back down to the basement. I handed her the beer I had brought down and she opened it and took a long sip from it.

I sat down with her on the couch. I asked Marrie; Where are we sleeping tonight? Down here or upstairs in your bedroom? Marrie answered me by saying that it was cooler down here in the basement so we would sleep down here tonight. Ok? I said ok back to her. The Marrie thanked me for cleaning up the kitchen which I told her that was no problem. I'm glad to do it. We stayed sitting on the couch fro about 45 minutes listening to the tunes on the radio and talked some while we sat there.

Now since that much time had passed Marrie needed to piss which she got up from the couch and went over to the old toilet in the cubicle which we had left the doors open to it and she stood over it to piss into it. I watched from the couch. At first this time when Marrie started she did dribble wetting her pussy,all of her crotch, and lower both asscheeks with her piss. Marrie giggled slightly and said to me as her piss continmuied to dribble and wet herself; Looks like I'm going to need YOU to wipe me again!

I let out a short laugh and said back to Marrie; I'll be very happy to! Right at that point she no longer dribbled a stream of piss formed with a soft hiss shooting straight down into the copper basin of the old toilet. As I sat there watching her piss my cock started comming alive getting into a erect state which it was getting harder but was swining up and down as it got erect. Marrie seeing that I was getting erect smiled.

Marrie pissed steadilly and took a pretty long piss too. Her stream kept up with its soft hissing and mow with the copper basin insert in the old toilet now there was the sound also of her piss now splashing. My cock had slowed its bouncing for it was now almost erect as I watched her piss. Then Marrie several seconds more pissing her stream came to a stop. She yanked the old toilets chain. It flushed and she stepped out frm the cubicle and came over to me.

Marrie stretched out her hand to me and as she did she said to me; Lets get on the bed and get more comfortible. So I took her hand. I got up from the couch and we went over to the old bed. We got on it and Marrie told me to lay right on out my back which I did. Then Marrie moved upward straddling me untill she had herself over my head and she lowered down putting her crotch right into my face.

I started licking her pussy off first with my tounge which was wet with her piss. Besides tasting piss on my tounge as I licked away at her pussy I could smell her pss on her too. I worked my way down her pussy,did her entire lower crotch, and also where her piss had wetted her asscheeks. Then I went back to her pussy and started teasing her clit by flicking my tounge on it. Marrie let out a little giggle and then said to me; You know your tounge is better then any toilet paper! I had to take a puase with my tounge on her clit and I did a litle laugh myslef and then went back to her clit with my tounge.

Marrie let me go on servicing her pussy with my tounge till her clit was stiff,her pussy was radiating a lot of heat, and it was very moist. Then she raised herself up and she smiled and said to me; Now its my turn to do you! I watched as Marrie slid back on the bed straddling me as she went backwards. She didn't turn around either like I thought she was going to do. I thought she was going to give me some head for that was what was racing through my mind as she was moving backwards over me.

Once Marrie had stopped backing up she just leaned over placing her hands down on the bed about chest level and I got a surprise. Marrie started to piss on me! She had stopped her piss in the toilet when she was in there pissing. She had saved the rest of it for me! Her warm piss wetted my pubic hair, my cock and balls, and ran down my ass crack and wetted the sheet of the bed.

Marrie smiled with a big smile on her face as she pissed on me. I smiled back with a equally big smile on my face. Then Marrie told me she needed me wet. I smiled and asked her why. Marrie said to me; We are going to start of this time with YOU UP MY ASS!!! I smiled now with a bigger smile and I shook my head hard which I was saying yes and was now very eager to have my wet cock up Marrie's ass!

Marrie piss came to its end. She told me that we were doingit doggy style which I would strand andgive it to her up her ass. I got right up off the bed and stood there as Marrie swung right around on the bed and got ready in a jiffy for me. I stepped forward and Marrie had alrewady had her arm through her thighs and shge grabbed my hard cock with her hand and she hgeld it as I came forward to her.

Marrie and I both guided my cock and it's head found its mark up against her asshole which she felt and she pushed her ass back as I moved my hips forward. My cock being wet with piss slid right in and there was no problem at all of Marrie taking my cock all the way for she and I had let go of it and she now had my balls in her hand and she gave them a gentle quick squeeze,released them as I now started pulling back slowly. When I came back every time on my forward thrust Marrie would give my balls a gentle squeze with her hand that was there waiting.

Then Marrie also started on each one of my back strokes would squeeze her asshold down on my cocks shaft as it slid back adding to my pleasure! I now all ths time had my both hands placed on her asscheeks and with her arm down through her thighs giving my balls a asqueeze when they touched her hand I had yet had done anything with my two hands. Now I did by reaching betwen her arm and one thigh and got a finger on her clit and massaged it.

I can't say how long we had gone as far as I getting a piece of ass from Marrie. But boy it sure did feel good! Marrie had no pulled her ass forward but squeezed herasshole down very hard on my cock as it slid comming back and it slipped out from her asshold with a soft popping sound when it came out. Now put it in my pussy! Marrie said to me as she raised herself up into a high squat in front of me.

I took a hold of my cock in my hand only briefly and I stepped forward and I started to slip it into her very hot feeling and very wet pussy! I let go with my hand and Marrie said to me; Bury it deep! So I just thrusted very hard which made my cock ram up into Marrie's pussy which she screamed out loudly; YES!!!! I stroked hard,fast, and long strokes with my cock. Marrie gasped loudly let out loud moans on almost every one of my thrusts now. I had also again taken a finger and now was rapidly massaging her clit with a finger while my other hand was up on one of Marrie's tits tweeking a nipple while Marrie was doing the same with her other tits nipple.

Now the room hadthe sounds of Marie's gasping,her loud moans, my now hard breathing, and the slapping of our bodies as they hit together. We went for awhile like this too. Then Marrie stopped playing with her tit with her one hand and also had pulled her other hand back through that was between her thighs that had been squeezing my balls with. She now had reached back with both of them and had placed them on my asscheeks and was shoving me forward hard as I thrusted forward. She also would hold me tight with them when I reached as far as I could go and hold me for a few seconds in place and grind her body around and then let me go back again.

Well with all this now heavier action it brought both of us on quickly. Marrie had her orgasam first which she clamped me tightly into her with her hands that were on my asscheeks. She screamed loudly as her body was grinding hard against me, her pussy quivered hard on my cock, and liquid spurted hard out of her pussy! This time it didn't just ooze out. With all this happening it made me shoot my load which I did one single big load which Marrie felt and boy did she ever let out one long loud scream and squeezed her pussy down so hard on my cock as I shot my single big load!

Marrie when she stopped cumming just collasped right out on the bed and laid there. I stood there by the side of the bed spent myslef and it took me several moments to recover enough and I got on the bed and joined Marrie laying down next to her on the bed. Marrie did move on to her side to face me. I rolled on my side too to face her. We hugged hard and repeatedly kissed. We did this for several long minutes.

Then Marrie turned and laid on her back. I strill was on my side faced towards her. Marrie is a soft whisper asked me; Do you have to piss? I do she told me. If you do lay on your back like I am. I'll hold you and we'll piss. Then as I moved to lay on my back Marrie giggled a little and said to me. I'm just to lazy to get up right now! I don't know about you. I told Marrie that I didn't think I could get right up now either.

Now we both wre laying on our backs side by side Marrie did take and sepearted her legs well apart with her legs bent at the knee. One foot was well to the right on the bed while the other foot was off to the left of my left leg. Marrie now also had my limp cock in hand and was holding it with it having my cock pointed upward. Her other hand was on her lower belly with a finger extended down which was placed on her clit and had it pulled up.

I started first which I started with a weak stream at first which wetted the bedsheet right out in front of me and as my stream did get harder traveled outward wetting the sheet as it went. Marrie did move my cock up at a sharper angle so I would keep pissing on the bed not the floor. Now Marrie started her piss. Hr stream shot upward from her peehole making a short arc in the air. It came down wetting the shet about a foot out from her and thats where it stayed wetting the bedsheet.

I did not take a long piss. I had the srong feeling of needing to go which a lot of times after having sex I did feel this way. My streams arc fell came back across the sheet and I evenpissed on myself a little before I did stop. Marrie kept on pissing for awhile after I had stopped. She made a much bigger wet spot on the bedsheet then I had by the time she stopped her pissing. Once done Marrie asked me if I was willing to go upstairs to get her a cold beer. I was for I was very thirsty myself now too. I got up and went upstairs for her beer and one for myslef too.

