Kathy and Suzy, Pat 2 (f wetting, f/f watersports)

11th November 2010, 04:13 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Suzy woke up after a restless night's sleep. She still couldn't believe the craziness of the night before. She hadn't expected to piss the bed when she started masturbating w/ her full bladder, and she couldn't believe how amazing it felt. It had been so embarrassing when Kathy caught her, but her new aunt had put her at ease about it. Adding Kathy to the family had to be the best thing about her mom marrying Gary. She had nothing against her new step dad, but Kathy was just the coolest.

The thing that had bothered Suzy all night, however, was her thoughts about Kathy. She knew that her new aunt was a lesbian, Gary had told her and her mom all about his family before the wedding. Despite the fact that Suzy was a looker, Kathy had never acted like there was any physical attraction there, unlike Gary's brothers, Jake and Andy, whom she had caught staring at her on multiple occasions. This was cool with Suzy, who would have felt awkward to have a girl leering at her - at least until last night.

Kathy's tale of how she and a former girlfriend had pissed in front of each other, and felt each other's streams, had surprisingly been a turn on for Suzy. And Suzy had felt a wave of lust as Kathy had picked up her night shirt to prove that she had wet her panties

. The sight of Kathy's pussy showing through those wet, white cotton panties had been quite a turn on.

Suzy had, for the last few months, figured that if she ever was attracted to a woman, it would be someone like Kathy. Her aunt, at 30, kept herself in great shape, was very pretty, and was just fun to be around. She looked very young, and many people mistook Kathy for one Suzy's college friends when they hung around each other. With Kathy's dirty blonde hair not that far off from Suzy's golden locks, some even thought that they were sisters. Suzy's friends sometimes joked about whom they would «go gay» for - Kathy definitely fit into that category.

Suzy didn't know what possessed her to do it, whether it was her orgasm in the piss soaked bed, or hearing Kathy talk about her old girlfriend, or seeing Kathy's wet panties

, but she hatched an idea when she went to retrieve some fresh sheets the night before. When she got back to the room she stripped out of her sports bra and panties

, throwing them in the pile of bedding to be washed. She continued to walk around the room naked, helping Kathy to make the bed. She was hoping that Kathy would show some kind of interest in her naked form, to see if her step aunt was having the same lustful feelings that she was. Kathy, unfortunately, hardly seemed to notice.

Suzy tossed and turned all night, the thoughts of Kathy and her old girlfriend playing pissing games, and of Kathy pissing her panties in the bathroom, floating around in her head. It was now very early in the morning, and Suzy had decided that she couldn't sleep any more. She felt her bursting bladder, reached inside her panties

, and started to play with her pussy. She thought again of Kathy's tale of her and a girlfriend watching each other piss, but, in her mind, Suzy replaced the girlfriend with herself. She fantasized the Kathy was sitting on the toilet in front of her, her legs spread, pissing a strong jet into the bowl. Suzy imagined reaching her hand into the stream, feeling the hot piss on her fingers, then the back of her hand, and then the palm of her hand. She came back to reality when she felt her own piss soaking her hand, and, like last night, puddling on the bed beneath her. Her fingers increased their pace, fucking her pussy and rubbing her clit as she pissed, her thoughts returning to Aunt Kathy. She exploded in another orgasm, this one at least as powerful as the one before. She lay there in her soaked sheets reveling in the experience for several minutes, loving the fantasy that she had created.

Eventually Suzy returned to earth. «Fuck, why kid myself,» she thought. «Kat is my step dad's sister. Even if she ever did become attracted to me she would never betray his trust. I should just give this shit up.» Realizing the mess she had again made of her bed, Suzy decide to get up and wash her sheets before Kathy woke up, so her aunt wouldn't have to deal with it.

Kathy cleaned herself up, then made it to the laundry room. She discovered that her aunt must already be awake, as her comforter from last night was tumbling in the dryer, while last night's sheets were in the washer. She noticed something else. On the floor was another set of sheets, a set that she hadn't used. She picked up the sheets and noticed that they were damp. «Holy shit!» Suzy thought, «Kat pissed her bed this morning too!»

She wondered whom her aunt was thinking of as she wet the bed this morning. At first Suzy hoped it was herself, but, in disappointment, figured that she was probably reliving the times with her old girlfriend in her head. A second later she heard a voice behind her: «Good morning Suzy!»

Suzy jumped. «Sorry, I didn't mean to frighten you,» Kathy said. «Don't worry, I'll take care of the laundry.» Kathy then noticed Suzy's sheets on the floor.

«I did it again this morning,» Suzy said sheepishly. «I was just coming to wash them.»

«Well, as you can see, they're going to have to wait for mine,» laughed Kathy. «Since no one else will ever find out about this, we might as well enjoy ourselves. Feel free to piss away.»

Suzy noticed that Kathy seemed to go flush while saying this. Was Kathy as turned on by Suzy's pissing as Suzy was turned on by Kathy's? She decided that Kathy was probably just turned on by her own fantasies, and thoughts of piss games from a few years back.

«Hey, come to kitchen, I'll make you some breakfast,» Kathy said. «How does waffles, eggs, and bacon sound?»

###

That evening, Kathy and Suzy were in the family room watching Twilight. Kathy knew the movie was corny, and always laughed when her brothers referred to the characters as VINOs (Vampires In Name Only), but still, she was a sucker for this movie. Obviously Suzy was too.

Suzy was watching it while laying on her stomach on the hardwood floor. Kathy, in a recliner behind her, didn't know how the young girl could think of that as comfortable, but to each her own. The real problem that Kathy was having was how the girl was dressed. When they returned home from shopping and dining all day, Suzy had thrown on her usual sleep clothes - panties and a sports bra. This time is was a tight fitting pair of white lace panties. Every time Kathy looked down her eyes were drawn to that tight, beautiful ass. Just as bad, the sports bra Suzy wore tonight was white and very thin. Kathy swore she could practically see Suzy's nipples when the young blonde had walked out wearing it. Thank god that Suzy was in front of her facing the TV, and couldn't see her staring at that gorgeous ass during the movie.

«Hey, Kat, can you pause it for a second?» asked Suzy. «I really need to go pee.»

«Why don't you just go right here?» Kathy couldn't believe she said that. It had popped into her mind immediately, and before she had a chance to filter it, out it came. She could feel her cheeks burn in embarrassment.

Suzy was shocked and turned her head around. «Do you really mean that?»

Now that she had said it, Kathy knew that she couldn't take it back. She had to make it look like it was no big deal. «Hell, we both pissed our beds last night, and these are hard wood floors, easy to clean up. There's no reason to interrupt the movie.»

Suzy realized that the thought of just casually pissing right there was a big turn on. It was also a turn on to know that Kathy would be watching her. How would her aunt feel about watching her wet her panties? If her past behavior was an indication, she probably wouldn't think much, but it was worth a shot. «OK, cool.»

With that, still lying on the floor on her stomach, Suzy relaxed her bladder. There seemed to be a dam in place for a second, but it didn't take long until her piss started flowing. It felt wonderfully naughty as she felt her panties get wet, and felt the ever expanding puddle of hot piss soaking her legs and torso.

Kathy looked on in awe and lust. She hadn't expected that Suzy would actually piss herself in the family room, and expected that even if she did she would stand up. The view of the small, dark wet spot forming on her panties

, and then expanding was as erotic a sight as she had ever seen. She was mesmerized by the puddle forming under the beautiful girl, wishing that she could soak in it as well. She was again thankful that Suzy was in front of her looking at the TV, she didn't know what she would do if her niece could see her face now.

Suzy was staring at the TV screen, but she was not watching the movie. Instead she was looking at Kathy's reflection. She couldn't make out much detail, but she could see that her aunt was staring at her, mouth wide open, while she was pissing. She didn't know if she was staring out of shock or desire. She desperately hoped that it was the latter. «So, is this what you meant?» Suzy playfully asked, turning her head around.

As soon as she realized that Suzy was looking at her Kathy turned quickly away. «Fuck,» she thought, «no way that didn't look funny.» She awkwardly turned back and looked at Suzy. «Yeah, something like that,» she said, trying to laugh. «So do you feel better?»

«Holy shit!» Suzy thought to herself, «She is turned on!» Kathy's attempts to play it off couldn't undo her awkward reaction to Suzy looking back at her, nor could it hide the hard nipples underneath her night shirt. Suzy stood up and faced Kathy. «Yeah, it's such a relief, and it felt pretty hot to just piss like that. You should try it!»

Kathy swallowed hard. She had never seen anyone look as hot as Suzy did right then. Her wet, white lace panties had become even more see through, revealing her pussy underneath. The puddle she had been laying in had soaked the sports bra, making her tits and hard nipples clearly visible. Her skin, wet from the puddle, glistened in the light. Kathy couldn't help but stare, her mouth agape.

«Come on, Kat, it's your turn to do it!» said Suzy, grabbing Kathy's hand, pulling her up off the chair. «You haven't gone in a while, do it here!»

«Hey, Suzy, maybe this wasn't such a good idea »

«Oh no, Kat, you aren't getting out of this. I pissed myself here in the family room on your suggestion, there's no way I'm letting you leave this room until you do the same.»

Kathy realized that there was no use fighting it. In a large way, she didn't want to. The idea of pissing in front of Suzy was really turning her on. Still, Suzy was Gary's step daughter. Things had gone too far. While there was no way the hot young girl was going to let her out of this one, Kathy knew she was going to have to regain control of the situation soon.

«OK, fine, it's not fair if I don't do it too. Here goes nothing!» Kathy stood on the hardwood floor, her legs spread slightly apart, her long night shirt covering her knees. She closed her eyes and tried to relax, nervous about pissing in front of her niece.

«Hey, let's lift this thing up. That way only your panties will get wet,» said Suzy, pulling up Kathy's night shirt.

«Yeah, OK, good idea,» said Kathy, reluctantly, holding up the shirt. Kathy realized that Suzy really didn't care whether or not her shirt got wet, that she only wanted to see her panties as she pissed. It was obvious that Suzy was just as turned on by this whole thing as she was.

Kathy again closed her eyes, and thought about sitting on toilet, relaxing to pee. It took about thirty seconds or so, but finally, she started to piss.

Suzy was staring at Kathy's panties when it started. She saw the wet spot form on the white cotton panties, then begin to grow, and then the crotch of the panties start to sag because of the weight. Piss then began to flow out of the panties, some leaking through the fabric and falling straight to the floor, the rest flowing out of the sides of her panties and down her legs. Suzy looked on in amazement. «Fuck, that's hot,» she whispered.

Kathy couldn't believe how good this felt. The feeling of the hot piss soaking her panties and running down her legs was unbelievable. The fact that she was doing it in front of Suzy only made it more hot and horny, and the fact that Suzy found it hot as well made it that much more incredible. Kathy wanted to reach her had to her panties and start masturbating, or, better yet, grab Suzy's hand and let her do it. It took all of her will power to just stand still while she continued to piss.

Suzy didn't have such will power. She reached forward and touched Kathy's leg, feeling the hot piss run over her hand. «God, Kat, this feels wonderful!» Curious, Suzy then took her wet fingers and placed them in her mouth. «It doesn't taste bad either!»

Kathy quickly finished her pee. The feeling of her niece touching her wet leg had been electric, and watching her lick the piss off of her fingers made her even hornier. She wanted to kiss the young hottie, taste the piss that glinted on her young body, and bury her face in that wet pussy. She couldn't, however. She couldn't betray her brother's trust. This was just wrong.

«You know, Suzy, I've seen this movie before, and I'm tired. I'm just going to hit the sack. Don't worry about this mess, I'll clean it up tomorrow.» With that Kathy rushed to her room.

Suzy just stood there, shocked. She had forgotten all about the movie, lost in the heat of the moment. She knew that Kathy had been as well, she had seen the desire on her face. Extremely disappointed, she went to get some towels and the mop. «There's always tomorrow,» she told herself, as she started to clean up. Realizing that she would spend several more nights with Kathy, she allowed herself a smile. There was no way her aunt would be able to resist her all week.

