Tiny Bathrooms

18th June 2015, 02:33 PM

Author: Sinna_2pee4you

Location: Europe (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 44

Tiny Bathrooms

When I was about 18-19 years old, I went camping with several science groups from university. We were all sleeping in big tents for 20 people each, lying next to each other on the floor. I had my sleeping bag zipped open like a blanket, because it was warm and I liked to stick my leg out at times to cool down a little.

It was a rather boring group in terms of partying, which they did not want us to do on the camping site anyway. So after a few glasses of wine (the guys had some beers) we went to bed pretty early to start our science project the next morning.

I had just fallen asleep - or even slept for a while, I did not know for sure - when I heard a whisper next to me. It was a guy. I couldn't see him and didn't recognize the voice. We had all just met for the first time and he could have been anyone.

«Shhh, are you free?»

I ignored it and nothing further happened. Then, a few minutes later, I had slept again, I felt someone next to me, pulling down my sleeping boxers. Half asleep, I was still trying to figure out what was going on when I heard a voice close to me, whispering once more:

«Shhh.. I am just going to the toilet. Don't worry.»

My boxers were being gently removed by a rather big hand. Still not sure whether this was a dream or not, I kept silent and waited.

The hand that just removed my underwear over my feet, ran back up my leg and thigh and was softly stopped by my outer labia.

«Shhh... this is totally normal. Don't worry. I only need to pee»

The hand went away and came back quickly. Now I felt something wet sliding down my genital lips, feeling at my «entrance». The whispering continued

«Sorry to wake you up. This is nothing sexual. It's quite normal when camping in groups. The girls often go to the toilets anyway, even at night. So it's established that men can just load up their pee. I feel your bladder bulging already, so you would go soon, anyway.»

I maybe had a glass of wine too much, because I didn't grasp it. While still thinking about the logic of it - I must admit it sounded natural - I felt a body leaning into mine. The hand took my thigh and lifted up my upper leg, until my knee came up and the sole of my foot stood on the floor.

«I'll just quickly go to your toilet, you can continue to sleep. It will only take a minute»

I felt something big against my entrance. It felt like when I had sex and was being entered by male genitalia.

«This is not sex, it can't get you pregnant, it's really quite common. I will be done in a second. Ssshh, just sleep on»

He moved so slowly and gently, that I dozed off a little. But I felt something pushing inside of me. I was not taking contraception and started to worry a bit, but he whispered again:

«It's okay, really. It's being done all across camping sites all the time. It can't get you pregnant as it's not sexual. I am just using your tiny bathroom»

It felt really like something common the way he did it.

«Think about it, it's ecological as well. You go to the toilet anyway and you just take mine with you. That way we only flush once. It's a good thing»

I felt something really hot inside me and a little pressure. A slight moan reached my ear

«Hmmmm ohhhh... it's good»

He just went in and did that. He did not move in and out, so I believed that it was supposed to be like that. It was really not like sex. Saving the economy was part of our science project as well, so this felt right.

«I am done, I'll flush your tiny toilet now»

He went all the way in and started gently rubbing my clitoris.

«It's best to relax. You can just sleep again, I can finish my bathroom visit on my own»

He rubbed me gently. It was arousing. I felt the pressure from my own bladder increase, as well as the pressure inside my vagina. I had never felt anything like it and before I knew, a sensational feeling rushed through my body. I felt my genitals throbbing and my face got really warm. Muscles were moving out of my control. Then it faded away again and left me feeling very relaxed.

«Okay, you are flushed now. I just need to wipe and clean myself up. I am nearly done. Sorry that I took a little longer, it's different to estimate how the tiny bathrooms react.»

His penis left me. I heard a little noise, like plastic ripping. Then a bit of movement and he was back. Pushing into me. It went really easy this time, I barely felt it.

«I'll get us cleaned up now, you can go to sleep again. Really no need to be awake. Thank you for being open tonight»

He started slowly moving in and out of me. I started thinking that this maybe was just an excuse to have sex with me, just when he whispered.

«Remember, I don't have any sexual interest. Just protecting the environment by having you take my urine to the toilet and wiping without toilet paper»

I started dreaming. I felt really tired after that sensational feeling from earlier. Before I left for dreamland, I felt him rocking and pulsating inside of me. A final whisper:

«We are all cleaned up now. You can turn into free position now. You know, lying on the side like you did earlier means open, lying with one knee bent upwards means occupied. Everyone knows it. It's the international sign code for tiny bathrooms. I'll be in ...»

I didn't hear the rest. I slept wonderfully.

In the years that passed, I often thought about how logical and green this solution was. It was good that people would use this on camping sites to save toilet paper and water. I would assume open position quite often and although I sometimes woke up in «occupied» position, I never noticed anyone using my tiny bathroom again. It never got me pregnant, so I believe the guy.

The End

