A Trip With Kyia Part 1

26th June 2010, 09:43 AM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

Kyia and I got a work assighnment which for me was a once in a life time trip. As it happened again it was a joint work venture involving both of us. Where were we heading? Kyia was going home to Thialand! Boy was she ever so excited that she was! She also was almost as excited that was going with her too! I was almost excited as she was.

We had two weeks before we would leave. That was more then enough time for us two to get ready. In fact it was to long. That made the time to drag on for both of us. Finaily the day to leave and sta at my apartment in the city came. We made plans to stay the night before in the city and then fly out the next day.

We drove from home down to the city and the excitement was back as far as Kyia. We talked the entire ride down to the city. With her growing excitement with the trip now only hours away Kyia in her excitement seemed that she had to piss every hour! So that ment many stops on our trip down to the city! I didn't mind it one bit! :-)

We would either stop at rest areas on the thruway where there was full services. You know gas,food, information, and bathrooms. Kyia would rush to the ladies room in these rest areas to piss. Kyia then after using the bathroom would say that she was sorry she had to go so much. I laughed and told her I didn't mind. Then as we would go back to the car Kyia would say to me; I'll hold it so we don't have to stop so much. Ok? Well it didn't turn out that way at all!

We would only get to the next rest area which would be roughly twenty miles down the thruway and Kyia would have to piss again! This time it was one that was just a pull off area with no services. Just a place to park,a few pinic tables, a grassy area for dog walking, and bushes and trees. Kyia here would get right out of the car after I had parked it. She would hurry over to one of the larger bushes with me following her.

Good thing Kyia was wearing atop and short skirt today. If she had chosen pants or shorts she would have wet them! She was always that desperate to piss it seemed each time that we made a stop so far! This time she was as desperate to go as she had been at the first stop. For when I caught up to Kyia behind the bush she was already pulling her yellow panties down hard and had them at her knees as I came around the bush.

Kyia let go of her yellow panties which they slipped down around her ankles and loafers she was wearing. She gathered up her skirt and very quickly got into a high hovering squat. No sooner then Kyia had done this she let go with a hard stream of piss out from her peehole.Her piss stream this time came out wide headed,twisted and had a slight forward angle to it. Boy did Kyia ever give the grass a good weting with her piss!

With this hard piss it hissed loudly.I stood there watching Kyia smileing and having a throbing erection too! I didn't piss atthe first stop in the service center. But seeing Kyia there pissing now I could piss myslef! But I waited for Kyia and then I would go. Like I said Kyia was pissing hard and her bladder had been very full so she took a very long hard piss behind the bush this time.

With her piss being so long before Kyia's piss stream slackened she looked up at me and said to me; Sorry again. I take to long and make you stop to much. Kyia you have nothing to be sorry about I said right back to her. You know I don't mind having you piss. I enjoy it! You know that! Kyia smiled a little and then let out a little girl sounding giggle. Then a few short seconds later herhard piss stream started to ease up.

So as her stream eased I unzipped my jeans and pullled out my throbing erect cock. Kyia seeing me do this quickly smiled and said to me; Oh you going this time! I'll hold for you! I smiled witha big smile holding my cock in my hand. So what I did as I still waited for Kyia to finish her piss I started jerking myself off! Kyia seeing me doing it started laughing.

Her stream had now stopped its hissing for its flow had reached the point where it wasn;t hissing. It was thin and straight down. Then she did a lot of dribbling soaking her vagina,pubic hair, her lower crotch with her piss. Kyia then stopped and was doing a lot of dripping. So Kyia bounced up and down fast and real hard.

Then she stood up reached over and took my hard cock in her hand. I stopped jerking it off with my hand and took it away. Boy did Kyias light touch ever feel so good on my throbing cock! Now as she was holding my cock I wished Kyia would jerk it off instead of just hold it while I pissed!

Kyia seemed to sense this for here is what she said to me before I did start to piss. I'll wank you mister if you like! After you piss! I laughed and said right back to Kyia; Ok lady I wish you would! As soon as I got those words out of my mouth I started to piss. My stream came out very thin and hard. It made a very long low arc. It came down six or seven feet away wetting the grass. Kyia's piss stream had been clear while my stream was a light yellow.

After I had pissed for about ten seconds Kyia did start jerking me off while I pissed! Kyia let out a good hard giggle as she jerked me off. Her jerking my hard cock and with me pissing made my stream jerk all over the place! Kyia now could just giggle she now was laughing. What I did too was that I was now thrusting my hips back and forth as she held me and jerked me off. That made my piss stream go even more wilder making Kyia laugh harder.

I took a pretty good piss even with Kyias jerking my cock as I pissed. My stream did eventually ease and I did several little spurts in a row to finish off this piss. With Kyia jerking me off no shaking was needed. Now that I had stopped pissing Kyia really went to twon jerking my cock off! Boy did she ever take long hard strokes with her hand going from my cocks ring all the way down to the start of its shaft. I myslef thrusted my hips bak and forth faster and harder now too.

With this heavy action it didn't take long for the building sensation of strong tingling to build up in my groin area. I said in great excitement managing to say to Kyia between hard breaths; I'm going to cum Kyia! Kyia then quickly moved in front of me. She sqauted right down and slipped the head of my cock betwen her warm wet lips and really jerked my cock off hard with shorthard strokes.

I felt like I was going to explode with a big one. Just before I did I said to Kyia; Here (puase) I (pause) Go! Kyia clamped her warm wet lips right down on my cock! She let up with her hand and I shot a big load of cum! I felt a second load shoot out, then a third and a ourth load. Then I did a lot of little spurts in a row, Kyia tok it all. Then I stopped cumming and Kyia licked with her tounge ever so lightly all over my cock head and then she swallowed. The last thing she did was slipp my hard cock deep into her mouth pulled back taking and sucking on it hard!

When my cock came out from her hard pressed lips there was a soft pop. Kyia then gave my cock several strokes with her hand. She looked right at it to see if any more cum would come out from it. Nothing came out for Kyia had drained me dry. She did give my cck a few well desreved kisses. The n she let it go and she stood up. She and I kissed a few times and we were now done.

My cock was softening so Kyia slipped it back inside my jeans and boxers. She zipped up my jeans. Then she bent down pulled up her yellow panties.back under her skirt. Then before we stepped from behind the bush to walk back to the car Kyia said to me smiling; Do good job? I smiled back and told Kyia that she had. Then Kyia smiled and said to me; Want more at next stop?

I laughed first. Then I sad to Kyia; Your'e going to wear me and my cock out! Besides the next reast area is not like this one. Kyia again let out a little girl sounding laugh. Then I will wait to next one like this one! I laughed and we walked to the car with arms around each others waists hand on each others asscheeks, and Kyias head was leaning on my shoulder. To be continuied.

