Adventures in the Woods

18th May 2013, 06:31 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

As the girls continued on their way home, all was focused on their recent peeing escapade at the rest stop.

"such a relief, the feeling of an empty bladder" said Julie, " glad we found that place when we did Grace, I seriously was about to piss all over your car!"

"you weren't the only one" replied Grace, "I don't think i've ever had to pee that bad in my life!" Grace thought back to the last time she had been soo desperate

. It was a warm summer day, at an outdoor music festival. Grace had been enjoying the band's and pounding the beer all day, making frequent trips to the group of portaloos near the parking lot. Waiting for one of her favourite bands to finish their set, she had neglected her bladder a little too long. After the set finished, Grace had shuffled slowly over to the restroom, so as not to lose control. She then spent a good 15 mins she could ill afford standing in line, her legs crossed, hand on her bladder for support. She was dancing by the time her turn came, and she could final sit on the toliet and empty out a massive stream she was sure could be heard outside the portaloo.

"Me neither" said Julie, thinking back to a pub crawl she had attended a year ago. She had been unable to use the bathroom at the last pub, before boarding the bus to the next one. She sat desperately with her legs crossed, trying to hold back all she'd drank at the last pub. The bus ended up getting stuck in traffic, and by the time they got to the next bar julie was almost hopping in the aisle. When she saw the line to get it in, she couldn't take it and squatted in the alley beside the bar. Her stream was so powerful, it hit the wall on the opposite side of the alley...

"Dicks" Grace jerked Julie back to reality, " who the hell runs a rest stop with only facuilities for boys... boys who only need to pee i'd add"

"well I think we did ok" smirked Julie, " It is unfair though, boys already have sooo many perks"

"you never see them dancing around like desperate fools!" Grace raged, "they just pull it out and go where ever they like, god... sometimes I wish I was a boy!!"

Julie laughed, " got a bit of penis envy do you Grace?"

Grace blushed " a little i guess... its just sooo convinent, and easy to aim"

"From what I saw you didn't have any issues with aim" Julie shot back with a smirk.

Grace blushed again " i've never peed standing like that before, I dare say if I hadn't been ready to burst, I wouldn't have"

"My first time too" said julie, "I'd say we did ok for a couple of beavers though... I actually found it rather fun"

"my only complaint now is my wet panties."

"did you pee yourself?" Grace enquired

Julie smiled " just a bit of leakage, nothing too bad, you?"

Grace glanced down at the large wet spot on the crotch of her black tights "bit more then leakage i'm afraid, had a good 3 second spurt there before...." she trailed off and blushed again.

Julie laughed, "must say Grace that took me by surprise, I didn't think you had it in you... I guess desperation brings out the worst in a girl!!"

"I'm sorry julie" Grace said, " It's just you were taking sooo long, and I was losing control.. and... well... you saw how much I peed... imagine that all over my pants and the floor"

"It's ok Grace" Julie replied, "no harm done, I should apologize to you. I got caught up in my relief and forgot about you, It must have been torture listening to me pee when you had to go so badly"

"It really was" Grace admitted, "its not your fault though, I doubt you could have pinched off if you tried"

Julie laughed " doubt it, it was kind of hot when my pee splashed against the wall like that"

"yeah that was something different" Grace agreed

The girl's drove in silence for another 15 minutes before Grace noticed Julie was fidgeting and crossing her legs..

"don't tell me you have to go again Jule's, it hasn't even been an hour yet!!"

Julie grinned sheepishly, "actually yah... pretty badly too!"

"F!@#, me too" Grace admitted, "what the hell did we drink"

"I don't know" said julie " lets hope theres another rest stop soon, or that your floor mats are waterproof" julie joked

"Don't make me laugh", grace said through gritted teeth, "I'll lose it"

15 minutes passed by which time the girls were ready to explode. All they could see on either side for miles was heavy forest.

"I got an idea" quipped Julie, " lets practice our new found aiming abilities, it'll be fun!!"

"Sounds more fun then having my car cleaned" Grace agreed, as she pulled over to the side and flicked on the four ways.

As they jumped out of the car, just how badly they needed to piss. Hands went to their crotches, and to their bladders, as they broke into a slow run towards the woods.

They passed the outskirts of the forest and came to stop in a small clearing.

"Now what" Grace moaned, bent over, her hand jammed against her pee hole.

"still feel like being a guy?" Julie laughed. With that she hobbled towards the big tree in the centre, pulled her panties to the side and began to pee a massive stream which created a puddle as it pooled on the ground.

At the site of this Grace almost lost control, but managed to make it to the tree next to julie, pull down her tights and unleash a torrent against it's bark

"Nice waterfall" joked Julie

"Feel's sooo amazing" Grace moaned, as piss poored out of her with no signed of letting up.

"I'll bet" Julie said, " bet I can get it higher then you" she said as she stepped back, bent backwards, and arched her pussy up, sending her stream about a 1/4 way up the trees trunk.

"pfft, easy" trashed Grace, who bent back and pulled on her clit to send her massive gush twice as high!!"

"Nobody likes a show off" teased Julie, as both girls continued to pee. "How about distance then?" she said, pinching off and running to the centre of the clearing.

Grace didn't look pleased at having to interupt her releif, but followed suit. Both girls stood side by side.

"Furthest arch wins", said Julie, as the girls spread their legs and arched their pussies forward, "1,2,3"

As the 3 left her lips, both girls began to piss simaltaneously. Grace's arch shot half way across the clearing. Not to be outdone, Julie's cleared Grace's, landing at the edge of the clearing among the trees.

"Redemption!" yelled Julie, as Grace flipped her the bird.

Both girls pissed for another minute, before their streams pettered out. They looked at each and smiled in relief.

"I never knew peeing could be this much fun" said Grace, pulling up her tights.

"with the right person, anything is fun!" Julie added with a wink, as she adjusted her panties and skirt.

As they walked back to the car to continue their journey, Julie wondered aloud.

"I wonder how far I could hit my toliet from at home?"

