On the way to work with a full blatoodder

18th April 2007, 06:22 AM

Author: lickitup

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 91

Just thought I'd put pen to paper, (or fingers to keys), and tell you all what happened the other day.

I'd been talking to a friend in the chat room here at 7am, and was set a challange to not pee untill 10am. I'd not been for for my morning pee, so was already feeling it a bit.

I went down for a coffee, then had a shower. Feeling the hot water running down my body, and trying not to pee was fantastic. I felt the need to rub my cock a bit, but didn't want to cum yet, and definatly didn't want to pee yet.

I got dressed and went off to work. I was feeling very full and desp on the way to work, and thought that I might have to stop on the way to let out my pee, but I got there. I had to go straight to the loo when I got there, but decided to jst let out a 5 second burst so that I could keep the pressure on.

It was now 9am, I got back to my desk, and my boss had put a coffee on my desk for me, so I fel that I had to drink it. We were all call into the morning meeting which lasted far too long. When we cam out, another girl who sits next to me at work made another coffee, so I drank that too. I was almost ready to burst. I had to wait another 15 minutes untill it was 10am. I wanted so much to last untill 10am.

At 2 minutes to 10 I went to the loo, and sat down with the lid down, and my trousers still on. I wanted to sit there for at least a minute while not beeing able to pee. (I love wetting , but I was at work). 1 minute to 10, and I pulled down my trousers, and lifted the lid of the toilet seat. I sat back down again, and tried to hold the pee in as much as I could, I was sooooo full and desp now. At last 10am came, and I let fly with pee. OMG it felt soooo good letting it all go, the hot stream of pee flooding out.

Comment welcome please.

