Snowy, Late Night Fun With The Neighbor Girl

22nd December 2012, 10:09 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Hey all my Peesearch friends, I'm back after being away for far too long. I've experienced the worst couple months of my life which hindered my time, emotions, and so many other aspects of my life that unfortunately I failed to realize that sharing my stories with you guys is a stress reliever for me, especially seeing how many of you enjoy them! I'm always down to make someone else's day, especially when everyone here contributes to make this a website that I love! Anyways, I'll explain my personal problems in general chat sometime tomorrow if anyone wants to hear about what kept me away for so long.

So, let's get to the real reason you're all reading this and why I'm typing it. Tonight, I had an occurence that I can't help but want to relay it to you so quickly. It's like this happened just so I'd be so enthusiastic to post the story that I'd once again get back into sharing my stories with my great group of followers here! So, here it is.

It was last week when I learned of my neighbor's break up from rumors swirling around my small town. I didn't think much of it as she's in her early 30's which puts her about ten years older than me. That's not to say that I wrote her off as undesirable or unattractive, she just kept to herself besides a friendly wave every now and then as she'd drive past and I'd be outside. That was until this morning when she stopped in and apologetically asked if I'd be willing to help her out if she got stranded at her Christmas party at work during the course of the night.

She explained she worked just a couple miles away and we both live on a back road with no traffic, no neighbors besides each other, and the road barely gets plowed. I knew the weatherman was calling for over a foot of snow and I was glad to help her out. She explained her breakup, her parents live over an hour away, and she didn't know many people in our small town. We exchanged phone numbers and she continuously thanked me. She went on her way as I continued preparations for the snowstorm about to set in..

The entire day passed and night fell. The snow picked up significantly and around 9 pm when I looked outside, I was greeted by over a foot of snow already. I knew it was time to shovel the driveway. Unfortunately, my ATV is in the shop, so I would be reduced to manual labor. As any country driveway, mine is long, dark, and in the middle of nowhere. Because of this, I pull my truck in a position to light up the driveway and leave it running with the heater cranked up. I shoveled and shoveled until I had nearly reach the end of my driveway and the roadway. It was now almost 11 pm and the neighbor girl had totally slipped my mind. That was until my phone began to ring and it was her number. I answered it and she proceeded to tell me that she had been plowed in. I was soaked and looked like a snowman, so I told her to let me change clothes and I'd be there in a few minutes. I rushed to throw on a new jacket and pair of jeans failing to realize just how bad I needed to piss.

As I arrived to assist her, it became apparent that her truck was buried. I opened the passenger door of my truck and allowed her to climb inside to stay warm as I shoveled. She was extremely grateful. I started by digging out most of the rear of her truck as well as around her door so she could climb without trudging through a foot of snow. I started her truck to let it warm up before allowing her to climb inside. Her truck still wasn't completely free from the grasp of the snow, so I backed my Chevy up to her pickup and hooked a chain to it and yanked it out. With her truck free, she thanked me over and over before telling me that she was going to head inside to tell her coworkers her truck was free and exchange goodbyes with them. I again told her it was no big deal and I was headed home to finish shoveling my driveway. She said she'd be a couple minutes behind me and asked if I'd stay near my phone in case she needed me again. I again was happy to oblige her.

It was only a couple minutes and I was again home. I backed my truck into the driveway facing the road to remove the last remaining couple feet of snow. I was again hit with an even stronger urge to piss. I grabbed my shovel and walked right to the edge of the road. After a few scoops of snow, my bladder had had enough. I couldn't wait anymore, so I drove my shovel into the snow bank and took a few steps out onto the roadway. I was in my headlights, but being from the country meant I had no problem peeing right there on the road. I unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock from inside them. I closed my eyes gently and relaxed my bladder to prepare for the relief I was about to experience. I heard a vehicle coming around the corner. I had my eyes shut for that brief moment which meant I was about to be caught in the act by my neighbor as I didn't notice her headlights from a distance. I knew it had to be her as she lives in the last house on my road before it turns into a dead end.

My stream had just begun as she slowed down. I was so stunned that I couldn't even think to turn to conceal myself. She slowed to a stop right next to me as I stood there with my cock out peeing right in front of her. She rolled her window down and looked for a second. She was a bit stunned and I was fully waiting to be scolded. I was actually scared as I was just thinking of her calling the police since we barely knew each other.

"Really?!" She semi-shouted out her window.

My cock still hanging out in plain view with my stream coming to a trickle I could only stutter: "I'm.. I'm.. I'm so sorry! I really had to pee and I didn't think you'd be back so soon. It.. It won't happen again!"

"Are you that cold?" She asked.

"I'm not cold." I replied a bit confused while finishing up and putting my cock away. "Why?" I asked her.

"Well, you sound like your shivering as you're talking." She insisted.

I was sure she was trying to avoid talking about what she had just witnessed as we both remained quiet for a second. That was until she blurted out with a smirk on her face: "Oh, you're upset that I seen you taking a piss? Well, you were out here in the open you know.."

My nightmare had just came true. I was sure she was now going to let me have it, so I just acknowledged her comment with a head nod. I felt like I was about to throw up. This was the first time that I'd ever been caught peeing in public to my knowledge, let alone confronted about it.

"Are you worried or something? I mean hell, we live in the country out here. Surprised you haven't seen me pissing in my yard over there yet. It's not like I don't do it almost daily." She acknowledged.

My mood went from being nervous as hell to relieved and quite gleeful actually. My neighbor lady had just told me she pisses in her yard regularly. All this in view from right out my living room windows. I was shocked that I hadn't noticed before and then I began to believe that she was just trying to make me feel better about the situation. Either way, it worked. She was blonde, real athletic, plus was a bit on the mature side meant she more than commanded my attention as those are all things that are very appealing to me sexually.

"I'm glad I didn't offend you." I said. It was a moment that I couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Me offended?" She snickered.

"That's a big patch of yellow snow, though. You must of really had to go." She then laughed.

"Yeah, I was pretty desperate." I acknowledged.

The ice was finally broken between us as we began to speak more freely with each other. She finally put her truck in park and stepped off the brakes. She swung open the door and stepped out of the truck. This time I took in a more visual aspect of her considering that I was aroused and more aware of her physically. She had on a fairly tight, purple, V neck sweater accompanied by a tight pair of light colored, faded blue jeans. Her jeans had a large hole that exposed her right thigh as well as a hole just below her left rear pocket which would slightly expose her naked butt cheek at times depending on how she was standing.

As she stood there, her platinum blonde loose locks of hair would flow with the breeze before momentarily resting mid ways down her back. She had on a pair of rectangular, thin frame, designer eyeglasses that gave her an almost school girl look. She wasn't Hollywood thin, but she had quite a bit of muscle tone to her body from what I could tell through her clothing. Her tits had to be a solid C cup meaning they weren't huge, yet were certainly more than adequate.

Actually, the perkiness of them made them even better than many large tits. She didn't have a fantastic ass, yet it was still full and surely squeezable. Her tits more than made up for that minor shortcoming though. She had quite a ice tan that showed through her holey jeans which meant she surely uses a tanning bed. She was so stunning that as she stood there for that brief moment I pondered just how any guy could let her go. I'm usually quite picky when it comes to females, but I'd rate her a 9.5/10.

She took a few steps forward on the road toward the front of her truck and giggled.

"I hope this don't offend you." She carried on.

I thought she was making fun of my reaction to being spotted peeing until she said: "Well, that was an invite for you to come here unless you really are offended. In that case, you best turn round 'cause I gotta piss and I'm going to go right here in the road. After all, I am a country lady."

"Country, maybe. A lady, that remains to be foreseen." I laughed.

"Seriously? I bet you only date those little city girls. The kind that think it's not ladylike to pee in public simply because they're afraid to try it. You've probably never even seen a girl take a piss before." She said sarcastically.

I couldn't believe what she was saying. A girl that I just met was about to demonstrate how a "lady" pisses in public. Either way, since the last time I told a story here, my girlfriend and I took a break which makes me single. I wasn't about to argue about my past girlfriends.

Standing in front of her truck, she wiggled her jeans all the way down past her knees. She was wearing a skimpy white thong in underneath of her jeans. That explained her naked ass cheek as seen through her holey jeans. From the front I couldn't wait for her to expose her goods. I could already see she had a pretty big clit and some meaty pussy lips. There were no tan lines what so ever. She was looking down at her lowered jeans when she raised her eyes and glared at me over the top of her designer glasses. She flashed a naughty smile exposing her perfectly straight, snow white teeth. She knew I couldn't wait to see what she had under her thong underwear.

Slowly, she lowered her thong. As more and more became visible, I could tell she was clean shaven. Next, the tip of her rosy pink clit peeked out from her clit hood. She was obviously aroused as her clit appeared to be engorged with bloodflow so much it appeared to be pulsating with her heartbeat. Finally, everything came into view including her puffy pink pussy lips. The sight of her pussy alone sent my pulse through the roof. She lifted her sweater slightly which allowed her stomach to come into view. She had abs that were very visible despite not being stick figure thin. She has to spend hours a day in the gym.

With her sweater raised slightly, she leaned back and rested her ass on the front bumper of her truck. She pushed her shoes forward in the couple inches of snow that was lying on the road. She spread her legs wide and allowed her pussy to be fully visible before pushing her tits forward in a ridiculously seductive manner. She paused for a second in that pose.

"Are you offended yet?" She asked in a seductive voice.

"I don't know, but I'm going to laugh if your bare ass freezes to that bumper." I snickered.

"Haha. Real Funny. You know you'd heat me up to unthaw it though!" I totally couldn't disagree with that so I just flashed a quick grin.

A few drops trickled out of her pussy before stopping briefly. A couple seconds later, she began a nice trickly stream which she accompanied with "Aaaah. I needed this." Her stream began to pick up intenstity growing into a laser like jet that shot a foot out in front of her and turned the little mound of snow she pushed forward with her feet into yellow slush. Her stream continued to grow as she forced her piss out forcefully. It turned into a steamy, golden-yellow gusher that splashed violently as it hit the snowy road. She continued pissing this way for probably a half a minute. Her piss flowed down away from her with the slope of the road leaving behind steaming bare pavement, yellow slush, and golden-yellow snow. I couldn't believe I was bearing witness to something so hot. As her stream began to taper off, she giggled: "I think I beat your puddle." I answered with: "I don't know, but considering you're so damn pretty with such a fine pussy, you earn more style points than me."

She finally finished to a trickle before giving a couple forceful spurts that shot violently from her beautiful, bald pussy. She reach on the hood of her truck, grabbed a handful of snow and grinded it into her pussy. She truely was a tough chick as just the sight of this made me shiver. She then pulled her thong and pants up while buttoning them.

"You know, since you say I win style points for my lady-like performance, I get to demand one thing from you!" She exclaimed gleefully as she did her belt.

"What's that?" I asked.

"Get down there, grab a handful of yellow snow that I just made and eat it. I want to find out just how tough of a country boy you are" She boasted.

Little did she know, I was about to enjoy this challenge. I reach down and scooped up the mound of snow that she turned yellow with her beautiful stream of piss. I popped it into my mouth a gave it a few good sucks to extract her golden nectar before swallowing the snow. I looked at her and smiled.

"You are tough. I'm going to head home, but you better stop over and shovel my driveway out too. Make sure you come in before you leave though." She exclaimed.

She was quite bossy which I find hugely attractive in any woman. I'm a sucker for bitchy, demanding girls. I acknowledged I would and followed through after shoveling her driveway. Upon knocking on her door, she answered in a black lingerie see through gown. Once again I was astonished at the site of her perky tits and insanely sculpted body. She grabbed me around the waist and forced me in while saying: Sorry, I don't have any money to pay you, but I know you want something else I have as she lead me to her couch and tossed me onto it.

We finished the night with me eating her out and sucking on her throbbing clit and perfect pink nipples before I fucked her for over an hour straight, finishing with a cumshot so forceful that when I pulled out of her it shot clear up past her chest and plastered her chin.

