What may happen when two girls meet on a train?

24th February 2011, 10:34 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody

It was a very long time since I last posted a story (which posting by the way didn't end up so well.. but that's an other story that won't be told here..) But now I'll try again! Nice to be back!!

*****

Kickan was so happy! She'd got a half-time job, which was perfect. She wanted to become an artist, well, actually she considered herself to be an artist! But she was young, only twenty years old, and it would take years before she would be able to earn some money from her painting. In the meantime she had to support herself at the same time as she worked with her painting trying hard to improve. A half-time job as a decorator suited her just fine.

Her place of work was located in Stockholm, 45 minutes by train from the village where she lived. A good thing was that she didn't have to leave until eleven o'clock, by that avoiding the rush hours. At her first day she found a window seat. She felt expectant and a bit nervous. Opposite to her sat a girl, maybe a couple of years older than her. Very cute, Kickan thought. The girl was reading a book. She examined her with curiosity but then she began to look at the scenery through the window.

When she a while later looked at the girl again she noticed that her skirt had slipped up high on her thighs. It was a pretty sexy sight and Kickan couldn't bring herself to tear her eye from it. The girl moved a little and parted her legs. Kickan started! She was able to see all the way up to the white panties and she detected a clearly visible large wet stain on the panty crotch! Was it possible that she'd peed herself? But what other explanation would there be..?

The girl got off the train at the station before Kickan's. Immediately Kickan examined the seat where the girl had been sitting. But no wet spot was visible. She must have wetted herself before she entered the train, Kickan thought. She was so excited about what she'd seen and felt a familiar, nice tingle in her pussy!

A week later it happened that on her trip home the same girl got on the train at the same station where she the last time got off it. They were the only passengers on the wagon but she chose to sit down opposite to Kickan. She began reading a book again but now and then Kickan felt her look. Kickan's eye repeatedly return to the girl and soon she noticed that her skirt was slipping higher and higher up. Slowly Kickan drew up her own skirt, one bit at the time.. The girl's legs drifted apart and Kickan caught sight of her panties. No wet stain but this time they were pink.. Kickan parted her legs giving the girl a free view at her light blue panties. She felt her pussy tingle. What was going on between them was so exciting! She wondered how it would end..

At that moment she noticed a growing wet spot on the girl's panties! Oh, my God, she thought. She's wetting herself! Kickan panted, her thighs shivered! Oh, she wanted to go to! And she did! In a couple of seconds a steady stream of pee flooded through her panties! Both girls parted their legs widely and soon they flowed their seats and their pee splashed down to the floor! Kickan felt her pussy twitching more and more vehemently when an orgasm hit her with a strong force, her pee being thrown out in all directions. The other girl followed her and they both panted and moaned loudly! Still peeing they rubbed their pussies and clits and orgasm followed orgasm in a seemingly endless sequence!

The first words uttered were the other girl's: "I knew from your looks the last time that you would like to watch me peeing my panties! By the way, my name is Britta!"

And that wasn't the last time they shared an empty wagon on their way home!

Bye, bye,  Yvette

