Naughty Nights

5th March 2013, 05:10 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

So just a couple days ago I posted a story, mentioning that I haven't been able to check on this website as often as I'd like. A day later, I check my forum mailbox, and WHOA! I've been bombarded with questions. You'd think I was popular or something. :P

Some of them inquire about personal details of my everyday life, but most of them just ask me to describe more of my wetting experiences. Well, I can certainly do one of those. Let me think... there was that one time Alice and I wet ourselves and masturbated as loudly as we could in the middle of the local town center!

...well, sort of. See, we love doing naughty things in public places, but getting caught just makes things awkward. We actively try to avoid that. One of the things we like to do together is go to certain places that are usually very active or populated during the day, but in the dead of night, when most people are asleep or otherwise busy. Now, one would imagine getting caught by the police, but really, that's kind of silly. The police roam around late at night looking for vandals and such, but they can't be everywhere at once. One just needs to keep a keen eye open, that's all.

On this warm summer night, my hubby, Alice and I were feeling pretty frisky. Alice was over our place playing some video games with us, (Bayonetta FTW!) and whenever it was either one of their turns, the other would immediately reach over and start playing with me, running their hands all over my body and making out with me! I mean, I felt like some kind of sexual plaything! ...and it was awesome. (I reciprocated, of course. :P) But after awhile it was getting kind of silly! Whenever it was my turn, Alice would be squirming in her seat waiting for me to hand the controller over to my man, just so she could have her turn at all my goodies.

But that's not what this story is about. *ahem* It got to be around midnight and my man started dozing off. Late nights and booze will do that. But for some reason, Alice and I were still pretty buzzed. My hubby decided to turn in, and I poked fun at him for not lasting as long as us. He's such a good sport. I looked at Alice, who was in the midst of playing with my boobs. "Enjoying yourself?"

She nodded cutely. "Uh-huh. I'm not as blessed as you, so I take every moment I can." That's true. Her B-cups come nowhere near my 34Ds, but that doesn't make her any less gorgeous.

"So, I'm pretty much wide awake. What do you want to do?"

She thought about it for a moment. "It's late enough... want to go out and have some wet fun?"

I practically lit up at the suggestion. "Oh yeah! Come to think of it, my bladder is pretty full..." It was about this moment I realized; I needed a hefty pee. Video games are a harsh mistress. :P

"Me too! Let's get going, then." We got up, and I went into the bedroom to grab our old gym shorts. See, we both coincidentally saved our high school gym clothes because, well, they're soft and comfy, great for exercise, and we happen to still fit in them. Not to mention, the shorts are almost perfect for a wetting

& rub combo. I came back out and Alice was standing by the door, waiting for me. "After you~" She even held the door open for me. What a ham.

"Thanks, sweetie." I gave her a smooch on the way out. We got in the car and headed out. I love driving late at night, because there's no one else on the road to annoy me. (I'm a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to bad drivers. :banghead Eventually, we came to the local town center. I mentioned this place in one of my previous stories; it's basically a single slow-drive street turned into an outdoor mall, enclosed by tall office buildings. During the day, the place is just abuzz with activity. But not at this hour!

I parked the car a good ways from where we were going to settle. If someone saw the car and decided to look around, we wouldn't be anywhere near it. I slipped off my skirt in my seat and was about to put on the gym shorts, but Alice just hopped out of the car without her skirt or shorts on. Her lower half was free and exposed, and she didn't have a single problem with it. Why would she? No one was out, and it was so dark, who would notice? I followed her lead and left my shorts off. "Now you're getting bolder than me." I said. "When did that happen?"

"You're a good bad influence. Plus, I'm pretty horny." Actually, I was too. I was really looking forward to our little pleasure. We headed out and had a good walk through a big parking lot. Being out late at night is always such a strange feeling; it's like the world has stopped and only you are still aware of it. Alice and had a fun time yelling at the top of our lungs and dancing in the street. My bared pussy tingled with excitement.

We finally came to our destination; the central street of the town center. We walked out into the middle of the street and looked around; all the shops and such were closed up tight, and all the office buildings above us were as dark as could be. We were totally alone. Both of us put on our gym shorts; the soft fabric felt so nice against my bits. We crouched down onto the street and got into a crab-walk position, supporting ourselves with our hands.

Alice spread her legs wide and started rubbing herself through the shorts. "I'm certainly not going to have any trouble going..."

"Oh yeah, I know what you mean." I grasped the waistband of the shorts and pulled them up tight against my crotch. My pee was coming quick! "As a matter of fact..." I gave a push and a burst of warm wetness erupted in my shorts. The dampness quickly covered every inch of the fabric and it felt so good on my pussy, I gave out a loud, happy "Ahhhhh".

"Almost there, here it comes... ahhhhh!" I heard Alice's pee splashing against the ground and looked over at her. There was a small river coming from her shorts, and she was wiggling in pleasure. "It feels so good, I just can't wait!" She thrust her hand between her legs and started rubbing herself vigorously, even as she peed. Soon she was moaning loudly as she masturbated.

Not one to be outdone, I reached down with one hand and started to rub myself through the wet shorts. My clit was so big! I don't even think I realized just how horny I was until I started masturbating, myself. I looked around again at our surroundings; I imagined the street we were sitting in how it usually was; filled with people and activity. And here we are, wetting ourselves and furiously masturbating right in the middle of it. It certainly got my heart beating!

Alice started to grunt and scream as she brought herself to climax. Soon I followed; our howls of ecstasy echoing in-between the high-rise buildings. I weakly laid down on the street, catching my breath. "That was pretty good..." I was tingly all over.

"Oh Gods, yes." Alice rolled over next to me and gave me a kiss, still breathing heavily. After a good laugh, we got back up, slipped off the shorts, and wandered back to the car. The clock said 2:30 AM. Good thing I had the next day off from work!

