The Apprentice Pisser Ep 2 Part 3: The Holding Contest (contd)

12th January 2011, 09:06 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Hope you all enjoy the next part of the Holding Contest.

As always your feedback is very much encouraged as it encourages me to keep writing

If you missed the first part of the holding contest click the link below

App Ep 2 Pts 1 and 2

****

Angela the distractor on Michelle's team, meanwhile, really needed to go, and left her position distracting the other team, to head towards the toilet. She had no intention of wetting herself and ignoring the appeals of Tammi and Kimberley to return to her post, she opened the glass door, pulled down her tight fitting jeans and black thong, and sat on the toilet facing the audience, who watched eagerly. Enjoiyng the attention, Angela began to pee.

A lovely powerful hissing sound was quickly folowed by the familiar splash of pee on water. She sighed with relief and pleasure as her yellow pee stream continued to flow powerfully. She looked round to see if It was having an adverse effect on the contestants. From their expressions, and the sight of all four girls abandoning all thoughts of even vaguely ladylike postures and thrusting their hands tightly into their crotches, it was clear she was. Just as she felt her wee-wee stream slow to a trickle, and she feared all the girls would manage to hang on, she heard a cry

"Shit" Tori exclaimed, and let go. She felt only relief as her piss poured into her white panties. Belatedly she moved her skirt but the front of it was already lovely and wet. However it was considerate of her to move it, as it enabled the audience to see her white knickers become see through at the front, and to view the wonderful outline of her most intimate parts through her sopping undies.

If Tori had though about this particular consequence she would have worn darker knickers, but she hadn't, and she couldn't see what the audience could as she was looking straight ahead, almost gasping with the glorious release of the pressure on her bladder as hot steaming amber piss streamed from the gusset of her panties onto the floor and began to trickle a path in front of her. On and on it flooded, and by now a good three quarters of her knickers were soaked with pee. Finally the stream slowed to a trickle, and she sighed with relief, before looking first at her trail of pee as it snaked its way slowly over the studio floor, Lucy stepping back gingerly to avoid being caught in its path

Meanwhile Anglea wiped, flushed and pulling up her thong and jeans returned to her position in front of Lucy and Erica

The camera cut to Sophie who was chatting to Helen "Bet you're glad you have a bye this week" laughed Sophie "Are you enjoying watching?"

"Oh yes" laughed Helen "It's hilarious watching them all wetting themselves".

"Is it making you want to go?" winked Sophie

"No I think I...Oh " said Helen, belatedly catching Sophie's drift, "What a good idea" she said, thrilled that she could play a small part in getting one of her rival contestants to piss themselves. She was here to win The Apprentice and anything that humilated a fellow contestant was music to her ears.

Pretty much all of the male audience members, and a fair few of the female ones, were finding it extremely difficult to resist touching themselves, such was the turn-on of watching a bevy of gorgeous women wetting themselves one by one.

Clutching themselves with one hand, the remaining 3 dry girls reluctantly downed their next glass of lemonade. You could see by the pained expressions that more drink was the last thing any of them wanted

Then, to their horror, Helen casually strode up to the toilet. Because of her bye she wasn't allowed to assist her team, so she mischieviosuly said to all 3 "Oh, I'm bursting for a wee-wee. If I don't go soon, I'll piss my knickers."

Turning so her back was to the audience she seductively shimmied her jeans slowly down her legs, and then peeled down her yellow panties

. The audience stared at the gorgeous naked backside, ivory white and smooth as a little girls. Helen then turned round and sat on the loo. Very shortly the powerful hising jet could be heard, accompanied by Helen's commentary "that's such a relief, oh that feels so good".

Pulling up her clothes she was about to return to her position on the sidlines when she noticed Erica was looking down resignedly. Helen, the cameras, and the studio audience all stared intently at the crotch of Erica's jeans and they were all witness to the exact second that the crotch area began to turn a glistening dark blue. Rapidly the dark rivulets expanded until a large area of her jeans both front and back were absolutely soaked in fresh hot piss and as this happened it was noticeable that Erica's expression turned from horror to joy. "wow, that feels amazing " she yelled. "I've never wet my panties before but OMG.". The piss simply poured out of Erica, she had clearly a fantastic bladder capacity and had held till the last possible moment. By now wide piss streams ran most of the way down both the inside legs of her jeans, and as she finally finished emptying her bladder, she sighed with pleasure:

"That is so hot..and look at my jeans, just soaked in my piss. How hot is that. Boy, I am so turned on"

Lucy and Michelle, the last two standing, were doing their best to ignore Erica's expressions of delight at her relief, and trying to hold on just for that little bit more that would help them to win. Eyes closed, bent over, each had both hands jammed in their crotches

Nikki was still giving it her all, pouring coke betwen glasses, and even showing Michelle her own soaked clothes and saying "Come on, there's no shame in it. You did well, but you'll never beat Lucy" as well as making hissing noises and talking about waterfalls and rivers

Angela had belatedly come to life and was standing inches from Lucy asking "what would happen if I put my hands hard on your bladder and pushed?"

Still both girls held on. Maggie and Sharon announced "we need to settle this somehow. Lets see how they cope with our distraction technique.

Maggie stood a few inches from Michelle, and Sharon a few inches from Lucy. Before either contestant could really take in, or at least make themselves believe what the hostesses were planning to do, the girls had pulled their knickers to the side and each begun to give 'their' contestant a soaking, their powerful piss jets raining down onto the unfortunate two girls.

Lucy dived out of the firing line almost immediately, but Michelle was completely stunned and lost concentration immediately. As her blue denim skirt changed colour from Maggie's contribution, pee flooded through her dark green knickers and began to drip onto the floor.

"Okay" said Sophie running in. We have a winner, Maggie and Sharon you can stop now"

"Yeah, right" laughed Maggie as she continued to relieve herself, her spray landing on Michelle's lovely skirt. Manipulating her piss flaps, Maggie aimed upwards and began to wet Michelle's red t-shirt too

As Michelle had had no time to move her skirt, soon it wasn't clear which pee stains were her own, and which were the gift from Maggie. Her cascade of almost-clear piss flowed through her panties and onto the studio floor. She remained stock still, focussing entirely on the sheer relief of offloading the enormous volume of liquid in her bladder, and perhaps conscious that having soaked her knickers she really wasn't bothered about Maggie's additional contribution.

Maggie was able to finish her naughty wee at her leisure and having soaked Michelle's skirt,t-shirt and bare arms her trail died away. Michelle's stream continued for a few more seconds before it too slowed to a final few drops.

Lucy's bare legs were dripping with a few drops of Sharon's pee but she was still holding on, and had been able to dodge almost all of the pee shower and Sharon gave up trying to hit a moving target and decided to save her pee for later..

Sophie announced: "As discussed the judges will need to assess the quality of the wettings before deciding which team won. But first. Lucy, you're the individual winner, and that means the rules say you are allowed to use the toilet. So please, go ahead, you deserve it"

The audience cheered and Lucy began to gingerly step towards the toilet. It was slow delicate progress but just when she was a few short steps away, Tammi grabbed hold of her and pushed hard on her bladder. "Get off" cried Lucy, but Tammi would not let go and soon Kimberley and Michelle joined in.

"This isn't fair" shouted Lucy, but the judges did nothing to stop the 3 naughty girls. On the contrary they were ensuring they were in the best postion to watch the inevitable. Lucy had managed to lift her skirt up, but was too late to save her knickers and they went from dry to wringing wet in a matter of seconds as an incredibly strong and powerful gusher of pee poured out of Lucy. The audience, and especially the judges and her fellow contestants who had a wonderful view from close up, were hugely impressed. Lucy had the bladder capacity of a camel, it appeared. On and on her hot piss came, streaming down her legs and puddling on the studio floor. For well over a minute she jettisoned her golden urine as the other girls watched in fascinated awe.

By the time her stream came to a halt, her black knickers were soaked from the top of the lining, front and back and her legs were as wet as if she'd been out in the rain for hours.

"Poor Lucy" laughed Sophie "so near, and yet so far from the safety of the toilet. I can't believe what your fellow contestants did. Shocking behaviour" she giggled.

"However, you did fantastically well to hold for the longest. But will your team win overall...we'll be back after these messages"

****

Hope you enjoyed it

