Like Mother like Daughter 2

21st April 2007, 08:18 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Lindsey and I thoroughly enjoyed our evening at the movie. She was right, the show was extremely funny and somewhat emotional. We held hands and she squeezed mine several times at just the right moments. I loved her company and I'm afraid later, things got a little heated. I swear a kiss from this hot little redhead curls your toes. I've always thought myself fairly competent with women but she just made me feel helpless.

We were around one another more and more. I found myself arriving home from work hoping she would be home from her college preparation classes. One Tuesday, I was looking out the window when she parked her car before walking to the mailbox. I couldn't resist watching; she was dressed in a beige blouse that only accentuated her beautiful breasts, a plaid, pleated mini skirt and medium heels. I was sure she was wearing her usual stay up stockings, which only added to a sexy stance she'd taken. She stood with slightly spread legs while examining the mail. I wondered what she was doing.

After about a minute, she turned and while glancing at me in the window, gave that mischievous smile of hers before walking up the driveway to her rear door. I wanted to see what was on her mind and used our bathroom mirror to see if I was presentable. I headed out the door. Her house was open, so I walked in to find her facing away from me and slightly bent over the mail on the kitchen table. I couldn't miss her beautiful butt. A little of her tanned leg was exposed above her stockings. I just intended to say hello and pat her bottom with my right hand. However, at the last second I slipped my hand under her skirt, my middle index finger searching for her bottom crack.

Two things happened almost simultaneously. I realized Lindsey was wearing a very piss soaked pair of Calvin Klein briefs while she laughingly commented, «What happened little boy did you get your hand wet». She turned and our lips met. I never moved my hand, instead using it to rub along her bottom before pressing the wet cotton into her puss, all the while gauging the extent of her wetness. It was one of her 'come heather' kisses to.

«I know you love me but, sometimes I think its only because I still wet my pants. I can't believe how hard you get when I pee. I noticed you in the window while I was at the mailbox, I needed to pee, so I thought I'd devise a little test. Men are just so easy».

A few minutes later, Michelle drove up, so we couldn't finish what we'd started. I stayed in the kitchen, sitting at the table, while her mother joined us. The table should have been a good way to hide the bulge in my pants, but I'm sure Michelle noticed. I could only imagine what must have been going through her mind. I wondered if she knew her daughter was standing near the table in a pair of thoroughly wet panties, chatting away as though it was a perfectly normal thing to do.

Lindsey's and soon her mother's, «little tests» continued.

