The Farmer's Daughters, chap 2

15th March 2005, 06:06 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is chapter 2 of 10. This is of course fiction, but each of the characters are a composite of real people.

The Farmer's Daughters, chap 2

Ginger looked around her bedroom. She had just gotten up, and realized that her room was really messy. It was kind of hard to tell which clothes were clean and which ones were dirty. Although she noticed that the dirty ones seemed to be strewn about the floor. She still mostly liked everything she had since those clothes represented a lot of shopping at the mall. Those long days there with her friends brought back some fun memories. Her eyes picked out the black leather mini skirt, blouse and underwear she'd worn to the club last night. Reaching down to pick them up she immediately felt a still wet pair of bikini panties. Yes, the late night party had been fun and she could hardly wait to call Nancy and Katie to trade stories.

Ginger was two years out of college and kind of between jobs. Living off of her savings and wanting to cut corners even further, she came home to her mom and sisters on the farm. It was great for now and besides there weren't to many rules for a girl of her age. Her mother didn't even say anything when she came home at two in the morning. She was almost sure that her mother had done the same thing when she'd been younger. She knew though, that she needed to be the good daughter and still help out. In the process, she would be keeping everyone happy and sort of set the example.

Still holding her panties she thought back to last evening. The guys, that had been falling all over themselves buying her drinks. Her friends spent the evening dancing and displaying themselves in their sexy poses and gestures. The heels she had worn really showed off her butt, too. She thought maybe Katie was right and she did have a world-class butt. Thank god for the sawdust floors though and she wondered how many of the other girls had used them as a toilet. It had been easy to just slightly spread her legs and let go. She couldn't remember if she peed her panties two or three times but was almost surely she did it once while at the table talking to Katie. She tried to remember if she had bothered to pull her skirt out from under her while she sat there talking. Oh well, it had been dark, the skirt was black and the drinks were flowing. No one noticed and only Katie and probably Nancy new for sure.

Her mind even brought back newer memories. Arriving home, she remembered stripping her cloths, putting on her light blue, satin baby doll «nighty» and crawling into bed. The alcohol caused her to drift right to sleep. She was still wearing the «nighty» and she realized that her other hand had moved to another pair of quite wet panties. The ones she was wearing were freshly peed. It was another one of her bed wetting accidents and nothing that didn't happen to her occasionally. She finished picking up the dirty clothes, carrying them to the laundry room in the hallway and headed to the kitchen to fix the girl's breakfast. She wondered if her mother was up yet.

It seemed for the moment anyway, that no one was around. It was going to be a beautiful day and the girls would all want something to eat and so she moved between the cupboards and refrigerator, pouring cereal, fresh orange juice and making toast. Ginger, her mother and sometimes Lisa drank coffee in the morning, so she prepared a pot, enough for three. Leaning over the kitchen sink for a glass of cold well water Ginger used both her forefingers to reach behind her and pull her wet panties out of her butt, all the while only half surprised to see her mother walking toward the house from the barn.

Her mother was clearly coming into focus and she thought for a moment that her still beautiful mother was walking as though she was on a model's runway at a clothing show. The difference though was that those models probably wouldn't have been wearing old jeans, lace boots and a t-shirt. They probably wouldn't have peed their pants either. Ginger noticed a partially dried stain starting about halfway down her zipper front, spreading only a little before closing back in to follow the insides of her legs to her ankles. She had probably been in the barn working because her wet pants had attracted dust that only accentuated her wetting. She also noticed her mother's glow and ever present half-smile as she stepped up to the porch. She still marveled at her mothers perky breasts poking up against a t-shirt that was stretched in just the right places.

Linda saw Ginger and almost immediately said " hi honey did you have fun last night". Ginger answered saying something about always having a ball with her friends and how her mother also should get out more. Linda walked to the sink while Ginger stepped back to the table and at the same time realizing where she'd come by that "world class butt". Watching her mother while she washed her hands, Ginger noticed how those old white jeans were kind of molded to her mother's body. She wondered why she always wore control top panties since the impression was so easy to see through her jeans. Her panty lines were always so obvious and she guessed her mother thought sexy also. She wondered why her mother had decided to wet in her pants, but thinking about her own wet crotch decided not to say anything. The stain on her mother's ass was still pretty obvious and extended out more than an inch from the double crotch band of her panties.

Linda stepped away from the sink, reached for a kitchen towel and dried her hands while glancing at the dripping coffee maker. As she did she noticed her quite beautiful daughter still wearing her «nighty». Linda saw Ginger's beautiful red hair, her breasts straining to get out of her baby doll top even as they pulled it up over her belly button. She also noticed the discoloration in her daughter's panties. Her mind immediately switched back to her own wet, stickiness between her legs as she said "honey did you wet your panties?"

