Our next piss orgy had a new member

15th March 2022, 06:45 PM

Author: thanks

Location: Canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 210

I was feeling nervous excitement to play with Tom and Sandy again. I decided to text Tom.

Joe: I just wanted to confirm for tonight

Tom: We will be there, short notice but can we bring a third?

Joe: Sure, the more the merrier. Guy or girl?

Tom: LOL, girl. I think you guys will like her. Never seen a bladder like this before.

Joe: Nice! See you then.

I turned and looked at Emma.

“Tom and Sandy are bringing a third! She sounds like she has an incredible bladder.”

Emma smiled, “Exciting!”

Emma walked over to me still damp from the shower. She wrapped her arms around me getting my clothes wet, but we really don’t mind being wet. She starts kissing my neck. I pick her up and lay her down on the bed. I kiss my way down her body. I start right under the chin. I lay a trail of kisses down to her right nipple. I pull her nipple into my mouth and flick it with my tongue. It responds by getting hard. I could feel her squirming underneath me. I moved over to the other nipple and felt it get hard in my mouth.

I slowly moved my way down her torso, stopping at her navel to lick around it and moved further down. Her smooth mound always captivated me. I kissed around the top of her pussy and moved down to her right thigh. As I kissed her thigh she eagerly opened her legs. I watched as her pussy slowly opened in front of me like some exotic flower. Her scent greeted me and I was nearly lost to it. I wanted to dive in and devour her but I wanted to tease her a bit first.

I kissed her inner thigh moving closer to her wetness. As I got close she lifted her hips up to try to get me to tongue her clit, she would have to wait a bit longer. I moved over to the left thigh and circled my tongue around a small birthmark there. I had to adjust myself in my pants as my erection had become uncomfortable. I went back down between her legs and licked her outer lips. She moaned excitedly. I moved my way lower so that I was licking from the bottom of her pussy right up to the top making sure I made no contact with her clit. She loved and hated when I did this. I know she wants me to lick her clit but I like to really make her beg for it.

I licked her soft outer lips and then took one of her smaller lips in my mouth. I flicked my tongue over it and I could see she was getting wetter. I moved down and stuck my tongue deep into her vagina. I had some of her cream on my tongue and came up and gave her a deep kiss so that she could taste herself.

“Okay, okay!” pleaded Emma, “Eat me like you know I like!”

I moved back down and put my mouth over her clit. I slowly circled around and around making tighter circles as I went. I was now focusing on her clit with all of my attention. I moaned, as I licked her clit up and down in a slow steady rhythm. She had her hands in my hair gripping me tight against her. I lost track of how long I was licking her but I could hear her breathing getting heavier. I was careful to keep a steady pace as her orgasm hit. She pulled me in even tighter as she was cumming and just a quickly pushed me away giggling in her euphoric state.

“Lay down and like me suck that dick of yours!” she directed.

Getting out of my clothes and lying down on the bed Emma took my throbbing dick in her hand and milked some pre-cum to the tip. It dripped off the tip of my dick onto my belly. She moved in a licked it up keeping it right on the tip of her tongue. She moved up and stuck her tongue in my mouth letting me taste my pre-cum. We kissed while she stroked my cock. She moved back down to my dick and licked the tip. I love the way she teases me. She slowly moved her lips down my dick. This is heaven.

Emma pulled my cock out of her mouth, turned herself around and lowered herself onto me. She started bouncing up and down. She stopped for a second and turned herself around while I was still in her. She had her hands on my thighs and I was a beautiful view of her asshole and could watch my dick slid in and out of her. As she was bouncing I felt her contract her vaginal muscles. This caused her to cum wildly on my cock. I could tell that I was close to cumming but didn’t want to cum in her because of tonight’s group activities.

Having finished cumming Emma got off of me and quickly stuck my very wet dick in her mouth. Seeing her mouth move up and down on my wet dick proved too much and I quickly came in her mouth. Sometimes she will come up and kiss me with a mouth full of cum but today she kept on sucking. It felt amazing but as my erection started to subside I started to get a bit ticklish. She loves when I buck as she sucks my slowly deflating cock.

“Uncle, uncle!” I cry out. Indicating I couldn’t take any more stimulation.

Emma giggled, “That was fun.”

We got into the shower and rinsed off the sweat and sex to that we would be nice and fresh for the evening. I got out of the shower first and was dressed by the time that Emma got out.

I love watching her getting dressed. She didn’t put on any make up because it would end up running later anyway. She straightened her hair and put on a cute sundress with nothing underneath it.

We got to the hotel earlier than last time to prepare the room. I was able to get the same room as last time. As you walk into the room there is a small hallway that leads to the rest of the room. At the end of the small hallway the room opens up to the right. If you keep turning right you walk into the bathroom that has a stand up shower and no tub.

Opposite the bathroom is the king size bed. Beyond the bed are two couches that face each other with a coffee table in between them. The room was a bit narrow but actually quite long.

We quickly got the waterproof bedding out on the bed. We placed water bottles around the room, taking a cue from Tom and Sandy we got the glass Evian bottles. We fondly remembered Sandy using one as a dildo and both hoped we would see something like that again.

I looked at my wife and took in her beauty. She was five foot six and I am guessing about 130lbs or so. She is neither overly thin nor is she chubby. She has a classic hourglass figure and lovely breasts that are somewhere between a C and a D-cup. I am a lucky man. I am six foot even. I have smooth belly but no six pack. If I lost some weight and worked out some I could probably get there. Emma liked to joke that I had a dad bod without the pot belly.

I was shaken from my thoughts by a knocking at the door. I opened the door and saw Tom, Sandy and a lovely young lady standing there.

“Come in!”

The three of them followed me back into the room. My wife had gotten up and was moving towards our guests.

Tom started, “Vicky, this is Joe and his wife Emma.”

Vicky smiled, “Thanks for having me!”

I responded, “And we shall.”

This got a chuckle out of everyone. The ladies all exchanged quick kisses as I looked Vicky over. She looked to be the exact same height as Emma. Vicky is slimmer than both Emma and Sandy. She looked to be younger as well. Her long brown hair flowed down her back and stopped just about her ass. She was wearing a white skin tight dress that left her shoulders bare. The dress was tight enough I was certain that she wasn’t wearing any underwear. Tom looked to be about an inch taller than me and he had to have at least forty pounds on me but he wore them well. He was built like a man who works for a living. Today he was wearing jeans and a tee shirt. Sandy is an inch shorter than Emma and Vicky and probably weighed similar to Emma. She has lovely curves in all the right places and wears a B-cup bra. Sandy looked amazing in a loose flowing floral print dress.

I handed everyone a bottle of water and we all sat down on the couches. Emma sat down beside me. Vicky and Sandy sat down on either side of Tom. As we sat visiting I glanced down to Vicky’s legs and followed them up to her crotch. I could just make out a bit of fur. I looked up and saw Vicky smiling at me. She subtly opened her legs a bit. I was able to see her pussy for the first time. Her inner lips protruded a bit outside of her outer lips. On Reddit you would find her on /r/outies.

She was clearly shaved or waxed below her landing strip and I looked forward to getting a closer look. My wife looked over to me and over to Vicky and smiled at the little show Vicky was putting on. My wife spread her legs so that Vicky could see her cleanly waxed pussy. Things were starting to heat up. I looked over at Sandy who had watched Emma spread her legs and shifted in her seat. She looked at me and spread her legs but her dress just fell between her legs covering her pussy. This made Sandy chuckle. She quickly stood up and pulled her dress over her head and sat back down fully naked. This time as Sandy spread her legs I got a full view of her completely bare pussy. I remembered that last time Sandy had her pussy hair trimmed.

Tom reached out and slid a hand up Vicky and Sandy’s thighs. He moved his hands over their pussys and slid a finger in each of them. He was fingering them when Vicky stood up.

“I want to pee!”

We all watched Vicky climb onto the bed still in her dress. She got into the middle of the bed and lifted her legs up like she was going to role over. She pussy was up in the air and her feet were on the bed beside her head. She started peeing slowly at first. The pee ran down her pussy and dribbled onto her dress. She pushed a bit harder and her pee arched up over her and landed right on her face. She adjusted slightly and we could all hear the sound of her mouth filling up with pee. She stopped peeing as she closed her mouth to swallow her own nectar.

Emma quickly got up and pulled her dress off climbed onto the bed. She put her legs on either side of Vicky’s head and lowered her pussy over Vicky’s mouth while reaching forward and wrapped her arms around Vicky’s ass and put her mouth on Vicky’s wet pussy. Emma started licking up the drops of pee that were still on Vicky’s pussy when Vicky started to pee again. Emma quickly put her mouth over Vicky’s stream. Emma lowered her mouth so that she was covering Vicky’s pussy and started to drink Vicky’s crystal clear pee. We could see that Vicky had her tongue out and was licking Emma asshole. Sandy got off the couch and got on the bed facing Emma. Emma started licking Vicky’s asshole. Emma looked up as Vicky stopped peeing. Emma started kissing Sandy while Vicky’s upturned ass was between them.

Tom and I stripped out of our clothes and made our way over to the bed. The girls got themselves untangled and watched our erections bounce over to them.

Vicky said, “Me first! I want to taste Joe!”

I moved to the edge of the bed and she crawled over. She put my cock in her mouth and looked up at me. She gave a nod signalling me to start peeing. Since I had been water loading for a while I really had to go. I started peeing and started seeing Vicky’s mouth fill up. She looked like she was about to burst and pulled my cock out. I wasn’t ready to stop peeing so my hit her right in the forehead. She didn’t even notice. She moved over to Sandy and got her to lie down on the bed as she moved her mouth over Sandy’s. Vicky then sprayed my piss into Sandy’s mouth. Sandy took it eagerly and quickly swallowed.

Vicky then went over to Tom and without a word she put his hard dick in her mouth. I watched as her mouth filled up again. Tom had played this game before and stopped peeing in time as her mouth filled up. This time Vicky got Emma to lie down on the bed and fed Emma Tom’s piss. Emma quickly downed Tom’s pee and smiled.

Vicky got off the bed and motioned for Tom and me to follow her. She climbed onto the coffee table on all fours. Vicky’s ass was facing the bed and I got a nice view of her ass and pussy peeking out as I walked around her to her head. Tom walked up behind her and slid his dick into her as I put my cock in her mouth. I started peeing and could feel Tom slamming into her from behind. I looked down and noticed that Vicky’s cheeks were starting to fill up. I stopped peeing and let her swallow. I filled her mouth twice more before I felt like I had emptied my bladder enough that I could relax. Vicky kept sucking on my dick as Tom’s motion from behind her caused her mouth to slide up and down my dick.

While this was happening I looked up to see Emma and Sandy move around on the bed. Sandy laid down and Emma got between her legs putting her mouth over Sandy’s pussy. I could see a bit of piss escape from Emma’s mouth as she swallowed Sandy’s warm pee. Sandy must have finished peeing as Emma shifted her mouth a little bit higher to start licking Sandy’s clit. Emma raised her head up and Sandy looked down with a question of why would she stop.

Emma said, “Sorry but I have to pee too much to keep going. Do you want to drink it up?”

Sandy responded, “Absolutely! Why don’t you put your pussy over my mouth?”

Emma crawled up and put her mouth over Sandy’s mouth. I could hear Sandy’s mouth fill up with piss. Emma paused to let Sandy swallow.

Tom looked up at me and said, “Listening to the piss flow behind me is making me need to pee. Let’s trade places.”

Tom and I switched places. He had his dick in her mouth and her cheeks were puffed out before I even got my dick in her pussy. I slid my cock down her slit and rubbed it against her clit. I moved back and forth for a while before I slid inside of her. Wow, this girl is tight!

I watched as Tom filled her mouth again and again Vicky swallowed every drop. I could tell that Tom had finished peeing as Vicky was now sucking his dick. She pulled back off his dick.

“Who wants to eat my pussy as I pee?”

I said, “Flip over and I will!”

I pulled my cock out of her and she turned around to face me. She could see her cream on my cock. She quickly licked my dick clean with a big smile on her face. She got back on the coffee table on her back and presented me with her pussy. I eagerly stuck my mouth over her piss hole. No sooner had I done that when I was rewarded with a mouth full of piss. I’ve tasted a lot of piss but this was amazing! You could bottle it and make a fortune! My mouth quickly started to overflow and Vicky stopped to let me swallow and then started up again. Tom had come over and was having Vicky suck his dick.

After 5 or six mouthfuls of piss Vicky stopped peeing and I started licking her pussy. I could hear behind me that the girls were enjoying themselves as well. Hearing someone in the throws of ecstasy always gets me going so I really delved into eating Vicky’s pussy. I went down to her honey pot and licked her sweet cream out of her. I moved back up with her wetness slick on my tongue and licked her clit over and over. I could hear screams of orgasms coming from behind me as Vicky started to cum as well. Once she was done cumming I moved out from between her legs.

Vicky said, “I’ve always wanted to have two guys cum in my mouth at the same time, do you think we can arrange that now?”

Tom and I each said yes.

Emma and Sandy got off the bed and the three ladies all kneeled down on the floor. Vicky was between Emma and Sandy. Emma took my cock in her mouth and Sandy took Tom’s in hers. Vicky was moving between Tom and I pulling the cock out of either Emma’s or Sandy’s mouth to take a turn sucking. I could tell that I was close.

I said, “I am about a minute from cumming!”

Tom said, “Me too!”

Vicky moved forward and opened her mouth! Tom and I pulled out of our wives mouths and started doing our final strokes. I looked down and started to aim for Vicky’s mouth. I noticed Tom’s first shot land on Vicky’s lip. I started to cum and shot right into her mouth. Tom and I were both shooting directly into her mouth. Vicky leaned her head back as her mouth started to fill up with cum. I could see some cum start to run down her chin. Emma moved in and started to lick the cum off of Vicky’s chin. Sandy moved in from the other side of Vicky and licked up some cum that was on Vicky’s shoulder.

Vicky could feel both women’s attention on her and pushed a bit of cum out of her mouth so that is started running down her chin and neck. Sandy moved down and got the cum that was trailing down Vicky’s chest just above her damp dress. Emma moved up and started kissing Vicky. Sandy looked up and saw Vicky and Emma kissing and moved up as well. The three of them kissed and swapped cum for a while until they finally started giggling. They cleaned the cum off of each other already hungry for more.

“Would you ladies like to join me in the shower?” asked Sandy.

Both Vicky and Emma nodded yes. Vicky finally took her dress off. Tom and I sat down on the couch and watched the three ladies get into the big walk in shower. As the shower started up I noticed that there was more than enough room for two more.

Tom and I got up and watched the girls play around in the shower. It was sexy. One would get some body wash and pour it all over the others. They would take turns cleaning each other off. They all looked refreshed as Emma pressed her breasts against the glass.

“Do you guys want to join us?”

We walked over and slid open the glass door as the warm damp air hit us. Sandy grabbed my hand and moved me under the water. There were hands all over me. They quickly got me cleaned up spending a bit too much time on my cock, which was now hard.

Emma said, “You’re clean, get out and give Tom a turn.”

I moved out of the shower, towelling myself off as Tom got the all hands treatment that I had just received. I could see he was having the same reaction that I was.

Somebody turned off the water and the door to the shower opened up. I passed towels around for everyone. Watching women dry off is highly erotic but since I was dry I moved out of the bathroom to give them all a bit more room. I picked up a bottle of water to hydrate.

I sat down on the couch and Vicky was the first one to exit the bathroom. She came and sat down beside me. I passed her a bottle of water. Vicky’s hair was still damp and smelled like lilacs. Sandy came out next, picking up a bottle of water as she sat on the other side of me. Tom and Emma came out together and laughed as they saw that they would have to sit on the other couch together.

We all were enjoying our waters and started talking.

“What did you think of two guys cumming in your mouth? I asked Vicky.

Vicky responded, “It was hot but having Emma and Sandy kiss me after was even hotter!”

With all this talk and having a sexy woman on either side of me caused my dick to spring to life. Vicky reached down and started to stroke it. It didn’t take long for her to brink some pre-cum to the tip. Sandy saw this and moved her mouth over my dick while Vicky kept stroking. I looked over and I saw Emma spread her legs for Tom and he brought his mouth down over her mound and I saw her quiver as his tongue made contact with her clit.

Vicky pulled Sandy’s mouth off of my cock and started to kiss her. Sandy moved to the other of me and pushed Vicky down on the couch. Sandy climbed on top of Vicky and I could she their pubic mounds touching. I gently moved their legs apart and took turns licking their pussys. They both tasted amazing but somehow Vicky has more of sweetness to her.

I was down licking Vicky’s pussy when I noticed wetness raining from above. Sandy was peeing and it was running down Vicky’s pussy right into my mouth! I licked up ever drop that came down. I pulled my face away from their pussies noticing that Tom and Emma were sixty-nining on the couch. My moved towards the girls heads and presented my dick. Vicky opened her mouth so I insert my dick and started peeing. Once her cheeks were puffed out I stopped and moved over to Sandy. She started swallowing as I peed.

“Hey no fair, I have to stop to swallow, give him back.” Vicky pouted to Sandy.

I stopped peeing and moved back over to Vicky and filled her mouth once more. I stopped when she got full but this time she held onto my dick and swallowed my pee.

“I get one more mouthful!” Vicky insisted.

I put my cock back in her mouth and felt the last of my piss trickle into her mouth. I pulled my cock out of Vicky’s mouth as she reached for Sandy. They seemed to really enjoy their piss kiss.

I looked over to see that Tom was now sitting on the couch with Emma between his legs. Emma had his cock in his mouth and it looked like he might be pissing.

“Vicky, it looks like Emma is stealing all of Tom’s piss.” I teased Vicky.

“Wait for me!” exclaimed Vicky.

Vicky got out from under Sandy and got down beside Emma. Emma pulled Tom’s cock out of her mouth as a clear stream of piss shot up in the air, Vicky giggled and quickly put her mouth on Tom’s dick. It didn’t take long for her mouth to fill up. She pulled her mouth off of Tom’s dick and his stream shot in the air again. Emma quickly put her mouth over his stream and started drinking it up.

Emma said, “I have to pee now.”

Vicky said, “I want to taste you!”

Since Emma was on her knees Vicky got on the floor and scooted under her so that Emma’s pussy was directly over her mouth.

Vicky said, “I can’t swallow as well as you ladies so when I tap on you pause so I can swallow.”

As if on cue Emma started to pee while still having Tom’s cock in her mouth but I couldn’t tell if he was still peeing or if she was just sucking him. It didn’t take long and Vicky tapped on Emma’s thigh. Emma stopped peeing and I watched Vicky close her mouth so she could swallow. Emma felt Vicky’s bottom lip make contact with her pussy and started to pee again. Emma must have had a lot to drink because she seemed to pee forever but Vicky took every drop. Once Emma was done peeing Vicky took her time cleaning up every pee spot on Emma pussy.

I got up and got us more waters and put out tray of cheese and crackers on the coffee table. Emma snuggled up beside me while Sandy sat between Vicky and Tom on the other couch. We just sat there is quiet silence listen to the sounds of people swallow water and munching on crackers.

I held up my water and said, “To good friends with great tastes.”

Tom responded, “You mean taste great.”

“That too!”

Sandy spoke up, “Is there anything anyone wants to try that we haven’t done yet?”

I said, “I would like to lie down on the bed and have all three of you ladies pee in my mouth at once, do you think that is possible?”

Vicky said, “I will have to spread my lips but should be able to hit you. If I can hit my own mouth I should be able to hit yours.”

Smiling I said, “Once you ladies have to go let me know and I will get on the bed.”

Tom said, “Don’t give all your pee to Joe, I want some too.”

I slid my hand down Emma’s leg and put my hand over her pussy. It felt so warm. I used my index and ring fingers to spread her lips and slid my finger in finding a very wet clit. I slowly moved my finger over her clit. On the other couch Sandy had her hand on Vicky’s pussy while Tom was fingering Sandy. I could see the bladder bulges on Vicky and Sandy and was getting excited for my piss shower.

I got up from the couch and climbed onto the bed. I was expecting it to be wetter than it was but there were just a couple damp spots here and there. I laid down and admired my erection pointing back at me. The girls all got up from the couch in unison and climbed onto the bed. The bed was high enough that they could all reach up and touch the ceiling if they wanted to. Emma straddled me and had a foot on either side of my chest. Vicky was to my right side and Sandy to my left. I watched as the piss trailed out of Emma’s pussy at the last second I opened my mouth. Vicky started next. She had spread her lips and her piss arched out and also hit my mouth. When Sandy started to pee she overshot and it landed on the bed beside me hitting Vicky’s foot. Sandy quickly adjusted and soon all three were peeing in my mouth. I had no hope of swallowing in all so it just overflowed my mouth and pooled behind my head.

Tom exclaimed, “Save some for me!”

The girls stopped peeing and I was able to swallow the mouthful that I had. I quickly got off the bed to make room for Tom. He laid down, opened his mouth and the women were peeing again in a second. They peed for much longer than I thought possible but I did notice that their bladders were full. Emma stopped peeing first followed quickly by Sandy. Vicky kept peeing. She was amazing. She kept peeing in Tom’s mouth for a least another minute. Once she was done the other two women started to clap. Tom swallowed his mouthful of piss.

He said, “I told you, she has the biggest bladder I have ever seen!”

I knew that I wanted to cum soon. So I walked back over to the couch and motioned for my wife to come over. She lowered herself onto me facing away from me. I saw Tom walk over to the other couch and had Sandy rode him in the same manner. Vicky was standing there watching us fucking. Vicky pushed the coffee table out of the way and got on her hands and knees crawling up to Emma and me. I could feel her tongue lick Emma’s wetness off of my balls. She moved higher and licked Emma pussy. Vicky then moved over and did the same for Tom and Sandy.

I could feel my balls pull up and I knew I was going to cum. I shot my seed into Emma. Vicky had crawled back over to us and as Emma pulled herself off of me I felt Vicky take my dick into her mouth. She got me cleaned up and moved up to Emma’s pussy. She drove her tongue deep into Emma’s pussy looking for the creampie. She eagerly cleaned up Emma’s pussy as I heard Tom start to grunt. I could see him pumping into Sandy. Vicky quickly moved over to Tom and Sandy and as soon as he was free of Sandy Vicky cleaned up Tom. I could see the creampie starting to ooze out of Sandy. Vicky must have noticed this too because she moved over and started cleaning up Sandy’s cum filled pussy. Vicky was moving her tongue all around Sandy’s pussy and I could see Sandy start to squirm. Sandy came on Vicky’s tongue.

Vicky crawled back over to Emma and said, “I still owe you and orgasm.”

Vicky dove into Emma with much gusto, it didn’t take long and Emma was cumming as well.

Sandy had Vicky sit back on the couch and spread her legs. Sandy called Emma over and together they licked Vicky’s pussy until she came.

I said, “This was an awesome evening and I hope it becomes a regular occurance!”

There were quiet murmured agreements from everyone else.

A little while later some movement in the room woke me. I saw Tom and Sandy start to put their clothes back on. Vicky was looking for her dress. She found it crumpled up on the floor in the hallway to the door. She put it on and the wet spots were clearly visible on it.

“Are you going to be okay walking out in that?” I asked.

Vicky responded, “Of course! I will wear it as a badge of honour.”

