Fun in the bathtub

1st June 2009, 11:15 PM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

A few years ago, my girlfriend at the time was going away for a few months, so she agreed to make some dirty videos that would keep me going while she was gone. She knew I was into some kinky stuff, so she asked me what would really get me going. As soon as I mentioned pissing inside her, she lit up. The whole idea really turned her on.

I had fantasized about it ever since I started having sex. I loved the idea of just letting go while I was fucking someone, and filling them up with piss unexpectedly.

The morning came around that we decided to do it, and she said she wanted to take it in her pussy. I liked the idea of piss splashing back out while I was fucking her, but we had already agreed on her ass, and I had been fantasizing about it in the days leading up to it. She agreed, so we went into the bathroom and got naked in the tub.

I laid down, and she hovered over me, with her ass in my face. I licked her pussy a little bit to get her started. I licked my thumb, and then used it to play with her ass a little bit. I had drunk tons of water the night before, so I was practically about to burst -- so I lowered her down over my cock. I also pulled out the video camera and started recording.

Slowly, gently, I pressed my dick against her asshole until suddenly she gasped, and the head went in. Then I pulled her hips against mine until the whole thing was inside her. When she was comfortable, I pumped a few times, just fucking her in the ass.

But I couldn't ignore how bad I had to go. I pulled her hips in close, and then let go, pissing inside her. But after one squirt, it stopped. What was going on here? I figured out that air pressure in her ass, combined with gravity, was keeping the pee from flowing freely, so I was going to have to push it out with force.

I clenched down and pissed forcefully up into her ass. "Mmmmm," she said, "I could feel it that time." I pushed again, and again. This was hard work! I pulled her hips, and she responded by grinding her ass against me, forcing more piss out of my bladder and into her. "There we go," she said.

Suddenly, she was in control of this little game, and it turned me on so much, I almost came. She kept grinding and grinding, pushing down on my bladder and fill herself fuller and fuller. "Mmmm," she said. "I can feel it splashing around."

When I started to go dry again, she picked her ass up, and with my cock still inside, sat down higher, up on my stomach. Then she pressed hard and dragged her ass down to my groin, like squeezing a tube of toothpaste. My piss worked its way higher and higher.

After a while, she started rocking back and forth like I was a play horse, getting every last drop of my gigantic morning piss. She carefully sat up, until my dick popped out, along with a little spray of piss. At this point, I was getting close to the point of no return. "Push it out," I said.

She grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart, revealing her lovely little asshole, contracting and then pushing out. She clenched down, and a giant, thick jet of my piss hit my chest hard, splattering everywhere. Her ass contracted again, and then she pushed down again, spraying me yet again. I lost it, and came all over her stomach as she sprayed me again and again and again, until finally she was basically farting a faint pee spray.

The whole thing was a little too messy to do very often, and the video didn't really turn out, but I still think of that crazy dirty morning in the bathtub...

