Nudist couple get invited to a Pee Party (part 3)

10th July 2008, 11:55 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

The party got underway with a quick review of their rules, several of which did NOT apply to Josh and myself as we were asking to be admitted to their group. We were told they were a pretty relaxed group. Normally nobody has to do anything they don't want to, all they have to say is "I'll pass" and generally someone else steps up to take the place of the person who chose to not participate in this particular event. Since tonight was an initiation night however, Josh and I could not refuse anyone.

The requirements for us to be admitted as full members were quite few really. Each of us would be required to drink 24 ounces of pee, 8 of our own, 8 from our partner, and 8 from another guest. This drinking could be from a measuring cup, or directly from the source. In addition Josh and myself would have to taste pee from everyone there, all directly from the source. The final event was the shower, each of us would lay in a small plastic wading pool and everyone would gather around and shower us.

Whenever any group member had to pee, they rang a small bell - this to alert those in the group who may have been in splinter conversations, or maybe watching pee movies on the bigscreen or whatever. Less then two minutes ahd passed when the bell one of the other wives rang the bell. She explained she had been holding it for three hours and it was now time. My heart raced, what if she selected me. To my releif she chose Josh! She told Josh it was time fro him to drink and she did not mean from the cup either. She proceded to remove her shorts and tee shirt, Josh undressed too and positioned himself under her. She squated directly over his face and lined herself up with his mouth. Josh squirmed as he struggled to keep up, but he did, not one drop was wasted. After he got up he was offered a glass of water, which he chugged down.

As we all were talking about Josh's ability to keep up the bell rang again, this time one of the husbands had to go. As you might guess eh chose me. During the introductions I mentioned I disliked getting peed on my face. Well, you guessed right, I had to lay down while I got hosed directly on my face and hair all without undressing.

During the next several hours almost everyone had pee, generally in someones mouth, or in someones mouth while they drank. I drank 8 ounces from Josh, he drank 8 ounces total from several guests. At one poing i completely undressed because for some reason I have always prefered to pee while naked - but thats another story for another time. One married couple demonstrated how he manages to pee inside her during anal sex. The peeing continued. I lost track of who did what to whom. I peed directly in Josh's mouth when I had to go. Josh peed in someones mouth also.

During the next several hours I drank so much water, and pop, and tea, I had to go about every 45 minutes. They even made me pee on my own face - this was a first for me. I had to prop my legs up agianst the picnic table with my head at ground lever, and pee into my own mouth! Soon I thing Josh and I ahd exchanged pee with everyone there at the party, both male and female, Josh was a bit nervous at havng another guy pee on him, but to him that was a means for the guys wife to do the same.

Before the evening ended we took turns climbing into the small pool and getting soaked. Josh went first, and in about an hour It was my turn. The pool was never emptied all evening, so by the time it was my turn there was a good inch in the bottom.

The evening ended about midnight when we all took turns showering at an outside shower before changing into something dry and comfortable. I chose a long tee whirt and a pair of shoes, (nothing else), Josh chose shorts and a tee, Our Hosts stayed naked untill everyone left. Before the party broke up Josh and I were assured of being admitted to "the group". Next time its our turn to host!. I'm not sure how we will arrange that but we will. All in all we had a thouroughly enjoyable evening.

Gee, I'm thirsty just writing this...

