The Neighborly Thing To Do (fiction)

6th March 2010, 06:52 AM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

"Excuse me."

The unexpected voice made Imogene jump, sending a hot squirt of pee into the crotch of her light blue cut offs. She managed to squeeze off the flow but, not before she felt a small wet patch forming between her legs.

An excellent judge of such things, she was sure it wouldn't show when she stood up but, she was still blushing when she turned to see a tall, sun tanned man leaning on her fence.

"May I help you," she inquired politely, attempting to appear unflustered.

"I'm sorry to bother you," he began in a deep smooth voice, "but I just wanted to introduce myself. I'm your new neighbor, Brad Waterford".

"Nice to meet you Mr. Waterford. I'm Imogene. Imogene Rivers."

The stranger's eyes sparkled and a grin that made Imogene want to shake her head lit his craggy face.

"Not THE Imogene Rivers?"

"I'm afraid so" Imogene blushed. He was making her nervous and she could feel her bladder twinge in response.

It wasn't even as if she needed to go badly, for heaven's sake but, nerves always made her have to pee. Sometimes, if she got particularly agitated, she couldn't control it and she wet herself even more than she had just moments ago.

"I've read everything you have ever written," her new neighbor informed her. "I would never have recognized you from your picture on the dust jackets though".

Imogene blushed again and squeezed her legs together. Her publicity photo had to be ten years old and and was not very flattering, although she'd at least been somewhat more slender.

"Um...well...," Imogene stuttered, hating her awkwardness. Give her a keyboard and a blank word document and she could be eloquent, witty, sharp. In person? In person, Imogene Rivers was somewhat less...apt.

Noticing her discomfiture, Brad gallantly picked up the conversational ball.

"Actually, I've been noticing your garden and was wondering if you might be able to help me with mine?"

Brad had been watching Imogene in her garden for a couple of weeks. It was true, his yard needed some help but, mostly, he'd just watched that sweet, plump ass of hers as she knelt over her well tended beds. He'd also noticed, on more than one occasion, that with her legs slightly spread he had a clear view of crotch and that it was often wet. Even now the thought of it made his dick stand at attention. He was happy for the presence of the fence.

Glad to have something intelligent to say, Imogene began questioning him about what he wanted to grow, how much maintenance he was interested in and whether he needed a landscaper. Brad did a yeoman's job keeping up his end and found, to his great pleasure, that he enjoyed talking with Imogene.

Imogene's own dog, a cross between a beagle and some other mysterious breed, was her undoing. She was so caught up in her conversation with Brad that when Zaphod yelped sharply to be let out. Her bladder, uncertain at best when surprised, surrendered without a fight. One second she was expounding on the virtues of various tomatoes and the next, the all to familiar sensation of pee rushing down her legs and pooling at her feet had stopped her mid-syllable.

Brad watched as her eyes grew round and she clapped both hands between her legs in a vain attempt to stem the tide. He thought he was going to cum right there in his pants.

"That is so incredibly hot!" The words fell out of his mouth before he had a chance to switch his brain on. He considered biting off his tongue. Apparently it was true that he only had enough blood to run one head at a time.

Imogene was flabbergasted. She considered her nervous bladder any number of things. It was inconvenient. It was embarrassing. It was a fucking pain in her over upholstered ass. But sexy? How very bizarre was that?

"Hot?", the word was barely a squeak.

Well, Brad figured, he was either going to win big or go home. He'd already let the djinn out of the bottle. So...

"Yeah. Hot. Like, smokin'! At least from my point of view."

Imogene felt her heart begin to pound in her chest. Her pulse was beating in her ears and she could feel it under her skin. The throbbing where her hands still pressed against her sodden pussy was becoming distracting. Without being aware of what she was doing, she pressed her fingers harder against herself and shifted from foot to foot. Another trickle of pee slipped between her fingers.

The erection that had faded in the glare of his injudicious observation, came charging back. The only thing wrong with Their current situation, as far as he was concerned, was the fence between him and the woman of his piss soaked fantasies.

"Oh my god, Imogene, you are killing me," Brad grated out.

It was obvious to Imogene that Brad was serious. His face was drawn tight with sexual excitement and she could tell by the motion of his shoulders that he was stroking himself. She simply could not believe her eyes.

"So, seeing me wet myself arouses you? Just that?"

Well, not JUST that," Brad responded with a rakish grin.

"There's more?" Imogene was becoming less embarrassed and more interested by the second. This was unique in her experience. The thing about herself that she considered her greatest liability actually tripped this guy's trigger. This good looking, well built, otherwise normal guy.

"Much more, actually." replied Brad. "I'd be happy to come over there and discuss it with you in greater detail, if you like".

"Wow. Okay...that is...I think that would be good. Yeah".

Brad slipped the latch on the gate between the properties and came into Imogene's yard. She waited for him passively, not sure what to do next, her eyes locked on the impressive bulge in his jeans.

He approached her with caution, stopping inches from her, unsure how much longer his luck would hold. Her shorts were drenched from the base of her fly all the way across their front. The tops of her thighs and the insides of her thighs glistened wetly. She'd wiped her wet fingers across her white t-shirt leaving faint horizontal stripes. He felt like he was going to explode.

Never taking his eyes from hers, I lifted on hand and brushed his fingertips across the swell of her breast. She sighed as her nipple hardened, poking at the thin cotton knit. His other hand he slid between her piss damp legs startling another spurt from her and wetting his fingers.

"Imogene Rivers, you may be the sexiest woman I have ever met. Look what you've done to me."

He guided her hand to his straining cock, pressing it against his fly. Withdrawing his other hand from between her legs, he brought it to his lips and tasted her while she watched him. Watching him lick her pee from his fingers was dizzying.

Their first kiss tasted of his lips and her pee and she was intoxicated by it. He cupped her lush, feminine ass and pulled her towards him, feeling the wetness from her shorts soak into his jeans. He pushed himself against her and she moaned.

"I want you to pee on me Imogene," he whispered in her ear, circling the whorls with the tip of his tongue and nipping at the lobe. "I want to be saturated with you, drenched by you".

Unable to control herself and, for the first time ever not even wishing she could, Imogene melted into Brad as her bladder gave up one final rush of hot, sensuous piss against him. Soaking his engorged cock, smiling against his lips, she felt him explode against her.

Hiding her face in his chest Imogene told Brad, "I have never,ever done anything like that."

Brad smiled over her head. "To be perfectly honest, neither have I."

"Never?", Imogene leaned back to see his face.

"Nope, never. Otherwise, I would have made sure you enjoyed it as much as I did. I certainly hope we get to do it again sometime soon, though. That was incredible. You are incredible."

Imogene simply smiled...

