When nature calls

27th August 2007, 10:38 AM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

You can get lycky when you least expect it, so here is a story for you all.

Hi- I've posted a few times before, but mostly I am a lurker on this site. I thought I'd offer up the tale of how my then-new bride and I discovered our in-common pee fetish a bit over 20 years ago. If you like it, great, if not, sorry to bother you.

It was a late spring sunday morning, mid 1980's. We got married a week before on saturday night. Due to a death in my new wife's family (her hospitalized grandmother died while we were at our wedding reception- how's THAT for bad luck) we had to postpone our honeymoon. After all the funeral-related stuff was over, we finally had a bit of time for us, though we were still in our hometown, instead of on a honeymoon trip. We had gone for a simple sunday breakfast at a bagel place, to be followed by a romantic walk on our then-new riverside pedestrian park.

This is a miles-long, very narrow strip of parkland between our river and a major highway. It's intended for joggers, bicyclists, pedestrians, etc. At the time, it was new and lightly used, as it was intended to help reclaim a run-down, high-crime area of town. As such, there were no restrooms, or even trees, shrubs, or anything else where a mugger could hide. Just the interstate highway on one side, the steep concrete river embankment on the other, a greenway in between. We'd been strolling along for perhaps 30 minutes, when my bride's multiple free iced tea refills began to kick in. "I think we'd better turn back- I need a bathroom". "Sure honey- no problem", I reply.

I was raised in a very conservative, inhibited family. The fact that I found such thoughts to be somehow erotic was a source of great conflict within me. Keep in mind that this was WAY before the general public had ever even dreamt of the "internet" and the free exchange of information on such topics. Even though we were married, and had been together (in EVERY sense of the word!) for over 2 years, I'd never breathed a word to her of my conflicted fetish desires. Being married to a beautiful, sweet woman, after all, wasn't worth risking over my twisted, conflicted sexual fantasies! And the "normal" sex was GREAT.

We had turned around and headed back to the parking area (and restrooms and our car) but it was still about 30 minutes distant. After 5 minutes into our return, her discomfort was starting to show. Her pace had quickened, her posture stiffened. After 10 minutes, her stride was very quick, her jaw clenched, her fingers knotted into tiny fists. "WHY THE HELL ARE THERE NO RESTROOMS HERE!" She hissed through clenched teeth. "Sorry, honey- we've got a bit more to go." I replied, trying to be soothing. Dropping her capri pants and peeing right there wasn't an option, she'd be in full view of cars on the highway- including any police cars.

After a couple more minutes, we could see the tiny profiles of a few other greenway pedestrians, approaching in the far distance.

Hot tears welled up in her eyes. "DAMMIT! DAMMIT! I'm not gonna make it!" She cried. "I'm not gonna make it! I'm gonna HAVE AN ACCIDENT

!"

Sometimes inspiration comes to a guy, and he throws caution to the wind. I sprinted ahead about 10 feet, sat down crossways on the end of a backless concrete bench. "C'mere." I said. "WHAT IS IT WITH YOU!! DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME!!" She shouted. I reached out, grabbed her wrists, pulled her to where she was facing and straddling me. I spoke quickly and with a hint of anger- "HONEY- I CAN'T FIX THIS, BUT WE CAN FACE IT TOGETHER!" My left hand in the small of her back, I pulled her to sitting on my lap, facing me. My right hand was behind her head. I pulled her close, whispered in her ear "It's OK."

There was a moment of hesitation, as she couldn't quite process what she'd heard. She wrapped her arms around me, squeezing tight. At this point, nature really left her with no other choice.

Even thought I knew it was coming, the flood was none the less quite startling. So fast, so wet, so surprisingly hot, her pee raced through her light capri pants, into my shorts, down my legs, soaking my deck sneakers. On and on she went, her torso going limp in my lap, her breath exhaling a sigh of such great relief. I then took my hand from behind her head, caressed her chin and said- "Look at me." Her dewey eyes focused into mine. "I love you, Marie". As her stream wound down, I gently kissed her, simultaneously pulling her hips further upon my lap. By her body language I could tell she was surprised to feel that instead of a limpid penis of sacrifice and disgust, I sported a rock-hard staff of borderline climax! Hugging me, she gave me 2 subtle little thrusts of her pelvis, simultaneously letting me know she was fully relieved, and that all was indeed OK.

My dear Marie stood up and took a deep breath. Little rivulets of pee were still snaking their way down her shapely calves, turning her thin white ankle socks translucent, well wetting her clean new white canvas Keds.

I stood up, we clasped hands, and I said- "Let's go home, baby."

The remaining walk to the car was sort of a hazy dream. As we finally passed the oncoming pedestrians, we were all but oblivious to their poorly concealed stares and fast whispers.

Not wanting to ruin the car upholstery, and paying no heed to "wading prohibited" signs, we leapt into a public fountain, laughing and cavorting as we rinsed the pee away.

Such a golden memory (in every sense!) and the first of over 20 years (and counting) of wet erotic adventures.

There was follow-up fun coming very soon once we arrived home. If anyone wishes to read about it, let me know and I'll post it.

