See You Next Wednesday (Chapter 2)

9th January 2013, 02:47 PM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

Two days later, I came home from my evening jog to an envelope with no return address. Oddly, the letter inside was addressed to David, from my perspective:

Quote: Office boy,

It seems you actually enjoyed the taste of my piss. Let's see how much you like the taste when it's sprayed all over your food.

Boss

I found myself slightly embarrassed. After a certain age, nothing really shocks you, but he had succeeded in surprising me, which was itself a turn on. I pictured David's sweet unassuming face, saying "Please pee on my food," and laughed out loud in my kitchen. Sure, David, I thought, why not.

He seemed to like the word "piss" as opposed to "pee" or "urine." Piss is such a harsh word, I thought. I had always felt that men pissed while ladies peed. But what I did at David's the other night was fairly unladylike, so perhaps that was my first piss. With these types, you have to be very particular about your words. I once had a boyfriend who wanted me to talk about his cock continuously during sex, but I had to use the word "wang."

"Wang" doesn't strike me like an erotic word, but for him, it was deeply important.

I sat down on my couch and turned on the TV, but was distracted. What was so special about pee? What was his hangup about? My generation loves armchair psychoanalysis, which I simultaneously despise and avidly practice, but I didn't know enough about David to even fake a hypothesis. I wanted to know what happened to him to make him want to consume something so foul. Then, it struck me: I had no idea how foul my pee really was. There were times when the smell was stronger or milder, but what on Earth must it taste like?

As I wrote previously, I live alone. The longer you live alone, the more you surrender the pretense of civilization when no one's looking. Well, I do, at least. In public, manners are my religion. In private, I'll eat a tortellini off the kitchen floor if it falls. I pick my nose and eat it while reading. Anytime I itch my vagina, I sniff those fingers. All of this is to explain why I didn't think twice about pulling down my running shorts on the couch and pressing an empty water glass against my mound.

It was easier without an audience. I peed for two seconds or so, and then pulled up my shorts. In the glass was an inch of faintly colored liquid. I'm well-hydrated normally and even more so when jogging. Mimicking David, I hovered my nose over the glass and inhaled deeply. I couldn't detect much. Perhaps the slightest aroma of warm butter, as if someone was making toast two doors away. I took a sip from the glass, holding it in my mouth, just as David did. It was warm, and had only the slightest flavor, suggesting buttered popcorn.

Unlike David, I spit my pee back into the glass. I was momentarily puzzled. I suppose my pee's virtually nonexistent taste explained David's ability to guzzle it, but then what was so special about it? It could be that it was purely mental, or visual; he saw the pee shooting out of my vagina, and that was enough. But it nagged at me that he wanted it on foodhe would just wind up with soggy food that tasted the same, I reasoned. Of course, that might make it easier for him to eat.

But if I want to see him squirm again, I thought, maybe my pee shouldn't be so flavorless. It made me tingle under my jogging shorts. I wanted to see the glint of recognition in his eyes as he tasted my secret ingredient. Pee itself still did nothing for me, but improving David's fantasy did. I only had to figure out how to produce a strong, dark pee.

That Friday night, all I ate was steamed asparagus. I needed to try things in isolation; the key is to only change one variable at a time. The resulting pee had that familiar sharp odor, and only the flavor of burnt popcorn. After tasting my own pee for the second time in my life, I noted that so far, the taste was nowhere near as repulsive as I had assumed.

The next day was a Saturday, and I had all day to experiment. Sitting on the toilet in the morning, I filled the bottom of a glass with my morning pee. It was a much darker yellow, and had the heady aroma of a white cheddar. Knowing it would be stronger, I was hesitant to put it in my mouth, but I closed my eyes and sipped. It had a powerfully brothy, hard cheese flavor, with elements of citrus rind. I spit it back in the glass. The aftertaste was somewhat astringent. I thought it a pity that we were meeting in the evening rather than the morning, because this pee would have been perfect.

I resolved to not wear pants or underwear all day, so I made coffee in an old ex-boyfriend's T-shirt. I'm not a regular coffee drinker, but that morning I drank four cups while reading the paper. The urge to pee came all at once. I pinched my lips open with two fingers and filled a glass nearly to the top before stopping myself. A light foam lingered on the surface as fine bubbles rose to the surface. It was a very pale straw color. I brought it to my nose. The aroma was sharp and acidic. I took a healthy sip and swished it across my tongue, tasting old gouda first, and then the bright flavors of salt and grapefruit. I spit it back and considered. It wasn't as strong or savory as the morning pee, but it could work.

I had a small salad for lunch, along with two Diet Cokes. I sat my naked ass on the couch and watched TV. After 30 minutes, my bladder was ready to go. But as long as I was experimenting, I thought, why not see how long I can hold it? I crossed my legs to close things off down there and kept watching. Five minutes passed, and the urge built quickly. Another program came on, and I turned off the TV. I wanted to make it 10 more minutes, but the intensity was building to an almost intolerable level. I pressed my mound with both hands and crossed my legs around them. I tried focus on the feeling, and see if I could enjoy it. Time seemed to slow, or possibly reverse itself. I started rocking, slowly at first. I rocked faster and focused on the sensation; on the feeling of my bladder as it strained painfully. A series of spasms suddenly shook my vagina, and I knew I was losing control.

I waddled into the kitchen that way. A grown woman, clutching her privates to hold it. Knowing my aim would be bad, I grabbed the biggest mixing bowl I could find and perched. I started peeing even before my hands came away, leaving them wet. Frankly, I exploded, hitting the metal walls of the bowl so hard that it rang out like a bell. I was positive my neighbors could hear. It just kept coming out of me, pounding into the bowl, spraying up to my ass. And just as quickly as it started, it was over. I pushed a few more spurts out and then grabbed a kitchen towel to dab my ass. I live alone, so I put the towel back on the oven door.

I wasn't sure how to attack this. Should I pour it into a glass? Should I hold it up and drink right from it? Finally, I decided to leave it on the floor. On hands and knees, I lowered my face into the bowl. It smelled sweet. As I extended my tongue, my chin-length hair escaped from behind my ears and fell into the pee. I pushed it back into place and lapped a tiny bit into my mouth. Amazingly, the sweetness of the Diet Coke remained, giving the pee a mild salty-sweet flavor. For the first time in my life, I swallowed it. Emboldened, I lowered my chin below the surface and filled my mouth before sitting up. It dribbled down my chin onto my shirt as I swished a mouthful. I surprised myself by finding it rather delicious. I had never been interested in pee, but all of a sudden I was drinking it from a bowl in my kitchen, and enjoying it.

This new pleasure caused my labia to blossom involuntarily. I swallowed and then dipped my face into the sweet pee for another sip. I held it in my mouth and stayed prone as my vagina tensed and pulsated. Swallowing it almost gave me a no-hands orgasm, but after taking another sip, reached between my legs and made myself come several times. I closed my eyes and dried my face on my shirt. Karen, what has gotten into you?

***

I arrived at his place at 9:00 exactly, wearing my typical work clothes. I had on a short navy skirt, a white silk blouse, nude nylons and navy high heels. My dark brown was brushed, and my makeup was professional. I didn't bother knocking. I knew he'd leave the door open. As I walked in, he was sitting at his dining table, with a submarine sandwich laying unwrapped.

My heels smacked down on the concrete, reverberating in the hard surfaces of David's condo as I marched over to him. In those shoes, I stood an imposing 6'3", and David had to crane his neck to look at me. He started to speak, so I told him to be quiet in a bored, curt tone. An outline began to grow in his pants.

Using a chair, I climbed onto the stainless steel dining room table, and placed my last step right on his sandwich. The heel penetrated the bread with a crunch while the toe smashed one corner completely. Swiftly, I hiked up my skirt, and he liberated his cock. I told him to put it away. I grabbed the crotch of my nylons, and roughly pulled down, leaving a giant hole. Instantly, a thin string of wetness reached down from my lips, stretching impossibly long before dropping onto the sandwich below.

"I've been drinking coffee all day." He craned his neck again to meet my eyes. On the table, I towered above him. In 4" heels, the bottom of my vagina is exactly one meter above the floor. I know this because I once fucked a Belgian with a ruler. Truly; he was obsessed with measuring me.

I pulled my labia up and away with two fingers and angled my hips down. When you stand this way, especially in heels, your belly sticks out, your ass goes up and out, and your vagina points down. I took a half step back and, from a height of exactly one meter, pushed a powerful spray of piss onto his sandwich. It made the raunchiest pattering sound.

I tried to look disinterested as I rocked my hips back and forth, shifting my weight from my left foot to my right, changing the angle of the stream to cover the whole sandwich. I found it so unspeakably lewd. After a few seconds of hard pissingof tiny droplets in the air above the table, of drops spattered everywhereI clenched down to stop. I didn't want to make the sandwich inedibly soggy, but the crunchy French Bread held up remarkably well. My piss dripped and pooled into the crevices of lettuce and tomatoes, and saturated big sections of bread. Honestly, I found it vile, but I ordered him to eat it in an impersonal tone.

As I was climbing off the table, I heard him say "That's it?" and I smacked him, hard. Who makes such a petulant comment to someone who just did them the favor of all favors? I'd like to say it was acting, but I was suddenly in the mood for legitimate punishment. I walked over to his fridge, which held a surprising amount of food for a young guy. I very deliberately pulled out all of his condiments and put them on the kitchen counter. After unscrewing the lid to the ketchup, I held the neck up to myself, and shot a short burst of piss into the bottle. I screwed the lid back on, and moved on to the Dijon mustard. He began eating his drippy sandwich, savoring each bite. I continued my rogue mission, until every condiment in his fridge had been defiled. He pulled his cock out again, but this time I didn't object.

Still feeling the urge, along with a lingering desire to assert myself, I opened the fridge and pulled out a tupperware with leftover penne pasta. I intended to season it lightly like the condiments, but as soon as it started to flow, impulse overtook me. Piss foamed and mixed with the tomato sauce, and each second was a new thrill. The level in the tupperware kept rising to the hissy sputtering sound. Eventually penne noodles were floating in an orange sea of tomato flavored piss, and I shuddered with pleasure at my crude violation. David was looking at me, pumping his cock so hard and fast that I had to do something, so I picked up a floating penne and put it between my lips. For the next few seconds, his come shot into in the air and landed with hard splats on the steel table.

