New stories... sorta

11th February 2010, 04:09 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Ok, I have posted these over at Sprinkles, but I was suggested to add them here for more exposure. So here is the first one I wrote, 3 parts... Dare Ya.

It all started with a dare.

Everyone hated grandma's egg salad. So in a crazy game of Truth or Dare Sarah had dared Tina to "relieve herself" in the egg salad. At first Tina was reluctant, but after some convincing that no one would be eating much of it, no would notice if it tasted worse than usual with the extra ingredient. They snuck into the kitchen, absconded the bowl from the fridge and were off....

But that was last year.

The music from the piano in the other room signaled the all clear, they would have at least 5 min by the selection that was starting. The girls had convinced Grandma to go join in while they stayed and watched the turkey in the oven. This would be the last group Thanksgiving they would attend before going away to college, which helped convince Grandma to leave them in charge. Tina quickly worked to open the oven and pull the tray forward so the turkey was in full view. Meanwhile Sarah was busy reaching under her short white dress to pull down her thong panties. With one leg out she let her thong cling to her other leg while moving into position.

She straddled the oven door as best she could before lifting her dress high, she could feel the heat of the 350 degree oven radiating on her uncovered muff... it was making it hard to get started. Beyond that the butterflies from what she was about to do just made it worse. She and Tina had drunk so much water the ache in her bladder wanted to relieved. Tina was at the table with her own skirt up busily moving into position to add her "secret ingredient" to the egg salad this year. After the whole bowl was devoured last time and rave reviews from the other relatives, Grandma had made a BIGGER batch this year. Tina had shaved her bush off for just this occasion.

It took Tina no time to get started, just relax and... Go. After all she had been practicing in TONS of places since the last time she did this. She had started practicing in the woods behind their grandparent's house on overnight visits, she would drink tons of water then excuse herself for a walk, they were never the wiser. After she perfected standing nothing held her back. She had a few favorites, mostly sinks and trash bins, but there was the time she got busted peeing on the floor in the bathrooms behind the gym. She thought she was alone and no one would be around... she stripped off her lower garments and had been in ecstasy for bit watching as her golden flow splashed and pooled on the tiles near the floor drain.

The hissing and splashing had covered the sound of the door opening behind her; the janitor had entered the room. "Young lady, what are you doing?!" Nothing to reply, it was too obvious... she figured she would get suspended for sure. "Look, just finish up... I was about to mop here anyway. Never do this again and I won't report you." It took all her effort to finish at that point; she squeezed out a quick amount and closed off her flow. She had been wearing a skirt on purpose, so was able to dress hastily and leave, thanking the janitor profusely as she did. Tina knew she only got away with it because he wanted to watch...

Back in the present, Sarah had finally started to relieve herself. Her catalyst had been the sound of Tina behind her modifying the egg salad. Sarah pushed hard to get as much out quickly, her fast stream of honey water splashing off the tight skin of the turkey. Tina had finished and was ushering Sarah to do the same... the singing in the background was reaching final refrains. "Sarah, quick move around to the side and get some inside the turkey." She rushed to reply by relaxing, her stream drooped to normal and she was able to step around without completely stopping. A slight pelvic adjustment and her aim was perfect. Sarah pushed again with all she could and the torrent resumed.

"Shit, that's the last bars of the song, better finish or stop!" Well finishing was not possible Sarah was still at least a quarter full. "Oh God, Tina grab the baster!" Sarah squeezed tight and the flow stopped, she immediately dropped to crouch next to the stove and shuffled her skirt down and slid her bunched up panties high enough above the hem line to hide them when she stood. The next second Grandma was buzzing round the corner. "How's things looking girls?"

"We just finished basting it again and I was checking the stuffing," Sarah had replied involuntarily.

"Oh, well you girls run along, I'll take it from here. Looks like about an hour and a half before we eat!"

Sarah stood sloooowly to make sure it looked natural. Then she grabbed Tina by the wrist and the two vaporized in a speedy getaway. Safely outside, the two girls spoke in elation about pulling it off, every detail was recounted as they walked further from the danger zone. They had just reached the wood line when Sarah stated she still wasn't empty and the nervousness of nearly being caught had actually given her a bit of a refill.

Tina suggested she knew a good spot that she often used when she was visiting. Leading the way the girls wandered slowly into the deeper brush.

Continued...

