Familyvisit (fictional)

3rd February 2005, 11:25 PM

Author: Azmodan

Location: The Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 7

Author : Azmodan - The Lord of Sins

Email : azmodan.los@gmail.com

Name : Familyvisit (fiction)

Subjects : Pee, 69, assfuck, deepthroat, cum.

Written : November 23rd, 2003

After our first family-visit together...

"Please stop, I can't hold it anymore", said W. I pulled over from the hightway into a deserted parking. Quickly she got out, lifted up her skirt, pulled down her panties and started to pee. In the mean time I had left the car as well, walk around and squatted down in front of her. "What a horny sight this is", I said, stuck out my hand and put my finger into the stream, falling from her partly shaved pussy. "And so hot!"

"Pervert", she said. I looked up horny and started to move my face toward her pussy. When I was near her stream I opened her mouth. She sensed my thoughts and tried to stop the current, but it was too late. The pressure in her bladder was too high, so all she could do was wait for things to happen.

The tip of my exposed tongue touched her golden nectar first. My first taste of a woman's urine and I loved it! I eagerly pushed forward, making sure all of her sweetness fell into my mouth. I took three or so four mouthfulls, swallowing it all down. The excess flowed over my chin into my neck and wetted my shirt. Nothing could stop me from drinking this gorguous fluid though. While drinking her piss, I moved my mouth toward her vagina. W. had gotten so horny from the sight of my sipping from her well, she took my head and pushed in into her pubes. I opened my mouth as far as I could, so it almost completely covered her pussy. The flow had now changed into a trickle and I started to lick her labia while she pushed the last drops into my mouth. I vigorously licked her lips and clitoris, rushing her into a moaning orgasm...

After her orgasm had faded we got back into the car and drove on home. "You're such a horny guy", she said, while she adjusted her nickers and slid down her skirt. "Why"?", I asked. "Making a defenseless woman cum like that."

"Didn't you like it?"

"Did't mind it a bit, just had no clue you liked wetsex!"

"Me neither, I just couldn't resist the urge to drink when I saw you standing like that with that beautifull golden stream coming from you pussy."

"Did you notice your shirt is soaking?", she replied. "Never mind, I enjoyed the whole thing!" When we got home, we unpacked, changed, cooked and enjoyed our meal.

After our meal, we sat down on the couch. W. wrapped her arms aroundn me and kissed me. "It really turned me on to see you enjoy my pee.", she whispered while she moved my shirt up and started to nibble and suck on my nipples. "It was really exciting to do", I moaned. "Then we should do it more often, but not now." My hand slowly moved up W's leg and found her panties. I moved my hand over it and started to stroke her pubes. After a while, she took her blouse off and made me nibble and lick my way down her chest and belly toward her panties.

Quickly she took her skirt off and sat down again. Gently I caressed the pubic area through her knickers, spotting the wetness in the crotch. I smelt her aroma and kissed her pussy through the fabric. "Please get up and sit down on the couch on hands and knees", I asked. She readily complied and sat down with her buttocks facing me. I put one hand on every cheek and massaged them, enjoying the view of her panties getting wetter and wetter. I pulled them down and kissed, licked and gently bit in her buttock-flesh. W arched her back, thus widening the crack between her cheeks. I pulled them apart and started licking her crack and little brown rose. I tasted the bitterness of her hole and gently inserted the tip of my tongue. "Oooooh", W moaned, "please stick you finger in." I wetted my finger and slowly penetrated her tight arse.

W. turned over and layed down on the couch. I jump at the opportunity and started licking her wet pussy. "You're soaking wet, I'll suck some of it up.", I said, while I opened her lips up with my thumb and index finger. W got hotter and hotter, being licked while arsefucked with my finger. I licked up and down her labia and spotted her hardening clitoris in between the folds of her inner lips. Genly I licked, sucked, nibbled and rubbed it and noticed that she was reaching her orgasm.

"O yes, yes, lick me, suck on my pussy, o yes ooooh oooooh that feels so good", she moaned, while she manipulated her own nipples. "OOOOhhh, put your finger deep into my arse, lick my cunt, yes, like that, yes, ooohhhh, ohhh, o god, I'm cumming, I'm cuuummmmiiinggg, oooo!", she screamed when she reached her peak. Her body shocked and cramped, while her pussy was oozing more juices then I could lick up. She clamped my head between her thighs, until she calmed down. "O, you're such a great licker", she sighed, pulled me up and kissed me tenderly on my forehead.

My turn now: "Get on your knees and start blowing!", I commanded. W. squatted down and started to stroke and suck my rockhard erection. She started massaging my buttcheeks and after a while I felt a finger penetrate my arse. After her salive had lubed my member entirely, I pulled back from her sucking mouth. "Penetrating my butthole, eh? Bend over, bitch!" She turned around, bent over and showed me her butt again. I gently slapped it and pulled her cheeks apart. I spat into her crack and lubed her arse with my finger, again penetrating her butt with my finger.

After I felt it was loose and lubed enough I pulled back and placed my penis at her arse. Genly I pushed forward. "Ouch!", she screamed. My dick was a bit big for her never used arsehole. I spat some more into the crack and genly pushed harder. After a while she relaxed and she told me the pain has subsided for a gentle and nice tingle.

While I fucked her long and hard, I kissed her in the neck. She quickle turned her head and kissed me fiercely on my mouth and we started tonguekissing. I reached over and kneaded her firm breast and hard nipples. She reached down, caressed her pubes and found her clitoris in between her wet lips. She massaged in the same rhythm as my penis penetrated her arse. "Ooooh yes, faster faster, ooooh oooee", she moaned. Faster and wilder I fucked her, while she fingerfucked herself. "Aaaah, so hot, so horny, oooh yes ooooo I'm cumming again, I'm cuuummming!", she screamed. I felt the contractions of her muscles and had to focus hard to keep from filling up her bowels myself.

My dick made a popping noise when I pulled it from her tight and now red fucked arse. "Come, let's go to the bedroom, baby", she asked. She lay down on the bed and asked me to 69 her. I straddled over her face and bent over, so I could lick her wetness again. She nibbled the tip of my penis, then got hold of my cheeks and pulled me down, penetrating my stiff member into her open mouth. After sucking like that she pulled herself up and when I felt her nose touching my balls I knew I had penetrated her throat! "Your pussy tasted so good", I mumbled, while I pushed my tongue further into her slimy snatch. W started to suck harder and harder, giving me the best blow job I ever experienced. We were at it like crazy, licking and sucking each other's private parts.

When I felt my orgasm approaching I warned her of this, but in stead of pulling back, she pushed forward and sucked more vigorously and had another wet orgasm. This sent me across my threshhold and I felt me semen rushing down my shaft. Groaning and moaning I reached my orgasm. The first gulf of semen shot straight down W's throat. She pulled back a little, but kept her lips firmly sealed around my dick and licked it with her tongue, stimulating my frenulum for more and more cum. I had such a huge orgasm, I thought my balls would come out with my semen! When she had sucked the final drops from my meatus she crawled from under me and showed me a mouth full of semen, while playing with it with her tongue. "What will you do with that?", I asked. She hesitated, closed her mouth and I saw her swallow it all down. She opened wide again and said "That was nicely thick and salty!" She then kissed me on the mouth, so I could notice it for myself. What a horny woman this is.

Tired and satisfied we fell asleep in each others arms...

