Dream Cake

26th June 2011, 09:01 AM

Author: Meisus22

Location: United Kingdom (Sex: Male) Posts: 28

As a writer, I have often felt frustrated because in the construction of a book I have to avoid desperation, peeing, wetting and wet sex, taboo subjects I know a lot of readers would like. I understand the special kind of excitement words - the right words used in the right way - can bring. So this year I wrote 'Dream Cake'; a proper book (though it hasn't gone to edit, of course) with a real plot and strong characters. It turned me on, so I hope you will like this excerpt:

The wine arrived. In the meantime I had discovered that our room had a balcony, and with some warmth still left in the evening I coaxed Sarah outside so we could sit in wicker chairs and watch the sea as we drank together.

A long time elapsed before I could gain as much as a word from my companion. Certainly there was no scope for conversation, so I occupied the space by examining my motives. Re-kindling old relationships was a mistake, I had often told myself, so why was I determined to pursue this one? True, I had once, literally, fancied the pants off Sarah: yearned for her on solitary nights and yes, practised my arts with her image in my mind sometimes, too; but those were vanished days. The romantic image of her, left behind when we parted after graduation, the picture I had kept, the sound of her voice in my head, all were so different, so altered by the reality of this still, morose woman. Why was I here? How did she stir these feelings in me? Without any valid reason I had been deliriously happy in the small pocket of time since I discovered her sitting in wet misery on that wall. I had no justification for it, but it was undeniable.

We were on our third glass of wine and I had already sent for replenishment from below stairs. The sun was making one last effort, dressing the western sky in watercolour tints of salmon and rose.

«It's a lovely sunset.» I had tried sporadically to open a dialogue with Sarah, without success, and this attempt was, I concede, pretty lame. It was just something to say.

«You're not good at being quiet, are you?» Sarah asked. How could I respond to that? She stretched herself in her chair as if trying to relax - almost as though the wine was making her want to sleep. «Sometimes I like to wrap myself in the silence: oh, it's not silent really - the cry of the birds, the people walking by. They're good sounds you know. The world is learned by listening.» She sipped at her wine. «Are you going to fuck me?» She asked.

Was I taken aback? Yes, I was. The bluntness, the suddenness of the question, dropped into that pool of reticence and isolation, confounded me for a moment so that I did not know how to answer. I found words at last.

«Do you want me to?» If ever a reply needed an affectionate touch, a softness of the voice, a familiarity it was this one, yet I could not find it. I answered acutely aware that I sounded like the accountant I was, asking for a year ending date.

«I don't know.» Sarah said. «Why will men never give straight answers?»

«Maybe I just want to know your choice.»

At this point the second bottle of wine arrived and I had to attend to a reluctant waitress clearly more than ready to go home. By the time I returned Sarah had reverted once more to moody introspection. We drank our way into the darkness in a dark silence.

A chill breeze stirred. After lurking beyond the railings for sometime, it had ventured at last across the balcony.

«It's getting cold.» I said. «We should maybe go inside.»

«Okay.» Sarah replied from the gloom. «You'll have to help me. I'm outrageously pissed.»

This had not occurred to me. Again it was so much at variance with the Sarah I recalled from those parties - a Sarah with a good head for alcohol. But when I struggled from my chair I felt the haze come over my own brain more than a little, so I offered a sympathetic hand and suddenly we were both laughing aloud as I wrestled Sarah to feet which refused to carry her.

«Oh, god! I'm a mess! Carry me to the bed, then.»

So I did. I took her feather-light body in my arms, bearing Sarah across the threshold as if this were our first day as one, and I laid her on the double bed while I closed the blinds on a gathering night. If a just or a merciful god had been watching then he would have made it so that when I turned to her again Sarah would have been asleep, but she was not: she was waiting.

«Are you going to undress me? I don't want to sleep in my clothes.»

Her anorak was long gone, hanging in the wardrobe. The t-shirt she wore beneath came easily over her head. What had I expected: skin and bone; bare ribs? I saw the slender body of a girl, the fair flesh of memory, the small, sweetly rounded breasts that had once adorned my youthful imagination; all there in the real, all there in the now. What I saw was as beautiful to me as my recollection, as promising as I could wish.

Now I wished it. Now I wanted her - I wanted her so badly my manhood rose unashamed within the trammels of my jeans and she laughed as she tried to release it with feeble hands, getting her fingers caught in my waistband: I had to disentangle her, unzipping myself before I could turn my attention to her zipped skirt. It came away easily: she loosed her hold on my cock for long enough for me to pull the garment from her, to draw her tights away from panties of red lace that called to me so I could only slip my hand over them, inside them. She was not wet for me, not yet. I would have to work for my prize. Impatient for her naked cunt I stroked those final wisps of protection along smooth legs and over slender feet - and had to pause for a moment in awe at the auburn fur-clad valley I exposed.

«Impressed, huh?» Sarah chuckled - a deep, knowing chuckle.

We fell together then, rolled together on the bed. I kissed her mouth, her mouth consumed me: I kissed her breasts - her nipples grew, her flesh hardened. Astride me at last, her hand worked my iron erection so the throbbing climbed right through my body; yet I could draw so little back from her - no willing moisture came in answer to my probing hand, my questing tongue.

Then, all at once, a tiny flicker.

«Oops!» She exclaimed. «Stop-stop-stop! Stop, please?»

No, I didn't want to stop - not now. I protested. Her finger stilled my lips. «There's one more place you have to carry me.» She murmured.

I shook my head.

«I'm sorry. I need a wee!»

I might have acceded to her demand then, had she not continued rubbing herself along the length of my cock; had she at least slipped back from my grasp; but she didn't.

«Oh god, I do! I really have to pee!» She gasped.

«Must we stop?» I raised the words from somewhere: «Can't you wait?»

Sarah shook her head. «I'm not sure I can. So much wine in my head.» Still moving, back and forth: was I easing her need with my presence there?

«Try - just for a little longer?»

Her eyes rolled, then closed as she rubbed - just so: just finding a little spot, a certain place. «I can try I suppose. I'm bursting, though. Absolutely frantic for a pee, Brendan darling»

And then it was as if uttering the words relaxed her, for the juices of her pussy began to flow. Sweet and slick, it was not piss that eased our way: and though she reached down to clutch at her mound she did not reach so far I could not enter her, or even find it possible not to enter her.

Here the sweet path, the warm centre of all being, the way to travel not once, but again, and again, and still again.

«Oh god, I'll wet myself!» But rubbing still: no, not rubbing now but thrusting, jamming down in time with my own desperate trip-hammer thrusts.

«I need to go, now! Go now! Oh now! Oh now! Oh now! Oh now! Oooooh NO!!»

Sarah - laughing, groaning, falling onto my chest: Sarah, coming with a scream. Then the heat - the hot jet, the incredible flush of her piss exploding over me - up through my pubic hair to my stomach, down over my cock and my balls, pooling between my thighs so my semen ripped itself from me in what was at once the most painful and the most fulfilling moment I had ever known.

A warm, embracing river then a gentle stream, it flowed on and on. Hugging her, pressing her breasts to me, a bather in honeyed waters, I found myself wishing it might flow forever. It did not.

«Oh, Brendan! « Sarah sighed at last. «Oh Brendan I think it's too late!»

And I laughed. I laughed for a long time.

