The Beach House (Part Two)

30th May 2011, 08:01 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Lara sat up from her lounge chair and stared out at the ocean. She had fallen asleep thinking about her gorgeous wetting experience back at the beach house. While she looked at the waves coming in and out, she felt pressure in her bladder and smiled.

There were two young girls about her age just ahead of her, wrestling and splashing around in the tide. One of them, a blonde in a cute white one-piece, seemed less enthused about being splashed with the cool salt water. Lara watched them as she placed her hand at her crotch and invented a fantasy in her mind.

"Stop it," the blonde says, "I have to pee, seriously. I need to go in."

"Why?" the other girl, a red head, says. "You're in the water, just go here."

"No. I'm wearing a white bathing suit. It will stain."

"So just squat down in the water and pull your bathing suit out of the way. People pee in the ocean all the time. Just let it go. Like this." The redhead squats in the water to her shoulders, reaches down as if adjusting the bottom of her bathing suit, and sighs. A strong jet of warm pee swirls around her crotch and into the cool ocean water. "Oh, that feels nice."

"Are you peeing?" the blonde asks Her friend bites her lip and nods. The blonde grabs her crotch and groans. "Oh, I can't hold it anymore."

"Just let it go, it's okay. Squat down like you're just swimming and just go."

Not caring if anyone saw her, Lara pulled the crotch of her bathing suit aside as she continued to watch the two girls.

The blonde obeys her friend and kneels into the water until it reaches her shoulders. "Oh, I have to pee so badly." She reaches for the crotch of her suit and then seems to catch sight of something one the shore. "I think that girl is watching us. Shit, she knows what I'm doing. Oh, I can't hold it anymore." Sighing, the blonde lets loose as warm pee sprays through the crotch of her white bathing suit. "Oh no, I'm peeing in my bathing suit, but I can't stop. Oh, it's so warm. Mmm." The blonde closes her eyes as pushes a little as her stream increases. The warmth fills the water around her as the force of it tickles her clitoris. "Oh, that feels so good."

"I told you," her friend says.

Unable to hold her own pee, Lara sighs, spreads her legs and slowly lets some out. With her urethra and vagina exposed, her warm pee trickles freely to the towel beneath her. She is sure someone might see, but doesn't care as she slides the crotch of her bathing suit back, closes her eyes, brings her legs together and lets loose completely. She gasps as the warm pee sprays through her bathing suit with a loud hiss, splashes against her thighs and drips silently to the sand under her. "Oh, that's nice," she whispers. The force of the pee against her clit makes her want to cum as she cuts off the flow and sits up.

"Back to the beach house," she says.

