Aftrenoon with Lisa part 2

17th November 2006, 10:15 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

We had played truth or dare several times when we first started dating and one of my dares was to wet myself in front of a complete stranger at the laundry. We have since modified the game. I tell the unsuspecting victim what my dare is and act as though I really don't like it, but it has to be done to win the game. This way our victim sometimes becomes a willing participant. «Where can we go?» she ask. «Lets try that little consignment shop outside of town, I said. I have become friends enough with her that I don't think she will freak out too bad. She has even made a commit or two that makes me think she might like it.» I fingered Lisa through her wet panties all the way there. When we arrived Lisa waited in the car. «This may take a few minutes to work up», I said. «I'll follow in a minute and browse around.» She answered.

«Hi Beck» I said as I walked through the door. I quickly scanned the store to make sure we were alone. No one else appeared to be around. «Oh Hi, where you been?» she ask. We made some small talk and then I began telling her why I was there. «You remember that girl I told you about, the one I play truth or dare with? I ask. Well you are not going to believe my dare.» Beck's interest was peeked instantly. I told Beck I was to wet my pants in front of a store clerk but I didn't feel comfortable doing it in front of a total stranger. «What do you think?» I ask. Without hesitation she said, «Do it.» I was momentarily taken back with her quick response.

«Are you sure? I ask. «I'd love to see it,» she said. Before I could go father Lisa walked in and made her way toward the back of the store. I saw she was watching out of the corner of her eye. Turning my attention back to Beck I ask if she preferred to see my underwear getting wet. I knew Lisa liked it that way and hoped Beck would too. «No I want to see wet jeans», she responded. Here goes I said. Beck focused on my crotch as I started to pee. I loved the feeling as my underwear started to soak it up and the wetness spread down to my balls and then started down my legs.

I had to go pretty bad so there was quite a bet. It ran into my boots making my socks wet enough to squish when I walked. I watched Beck's eyes as I peed and swear there was a look of lust. This turns me on to no end. By the time I was done I was rock hard. Just as I was finishing Beck surprised me by calling to Lisa. « Miss, would you step up here please», she said. «What is your name?» she asks Lisa. When Lisa told her Beck said, «I believe you know this man right?» Lisa, looking sheepish grinned and answered, «yeah he's mine, ain't he great». Pretty great Beck said as she eyed my hard-on. Lisa glanced down at me and giggled. She then grabbed my hard-on and began rubbing through my wet jeans. «Want to play?» she asks Beck. «Just let me lock up Beck replied».

