An unexpectedly wet night in my bed

20th May 2011, 05:38 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So the other night, I woke up, needing to go, deliciously full, and so so so horny~! So I started playing with myself, playing with the short soft fluffy pubes growing out along my lips, pushing down on my clit through my soft closed lips.

Then I slid my finger tip of my index finger slowly between my lips and felt the wet hot slickness inside. I brought that finger to my lips and sucked. Then my other hand moved to my supple firm breast, and cupped it.

My nipple was already hard, sensitive, and when I stoked my fingertips over it, delicious hot tingles flashed through my body. I had allowed my index finger to snake back between my lips at the same time, and it was gently softly stroking my engorged clit, which was so delightfully slippery.

I licked the fingertips of my other hand, sucking them between my soft lips and my teeth to allow my tongue to run against them, before sucking them slowly. Then I let these wet fingertips slowly rub against my nipple, making me moan softly in pleasure, and at the same time I slid my middle finger inside my hot wet core as deep as it could go.

As the tingles rushed through my body from the sensations of my fingers playing with my nipple, I felt my pussy tighten on my finger, and enjoyed the flood of wetness caused by the pleasure waves rocking my body and making me rotate my hips. I cannot help this, when aroused my hips have a life of their own and they move from side to side.

The pleasure waves also made my tummy muscles tighten, as the fiery trails of pleasure from my nipple and breast, and from my fingers, sliding deeply inside me as my thumb circled my clit, spasmed across my body. This put pressure on my full bladder, creating an additional plane of pleasure for me to enter, and I sighed loudly.

The wet slipperiness of my pussy was literally dripping around my fingers, slick, slippery, hot, and I brought these fingers to my mouth and sucked them, sucking every little drop off, liking the way I taste.

I curled myself half on my side, half on my back, so I could slide the finger back in deeper ~! My heart was beating faster; the curling of my body put more pressure on my bladder, which in turn made what my fingers were doing to my pussy even more delightful.

As I finger fucked myself, kneading my supple, firm, yet yielding breast hard, I slid my index and middle finger deep into my tight tight pussy as far as they would go.

This caused another spasm, and even more wetness. My body was in that floaty place it goes to when pleasure overwhelms it, and I surrendered to it completely. I tossed my head from side to side, kneaded my breast so hard it left red finger marks on the white flesh, and all my fingers were now rubbing my clit.

I felt the orgasm start, hot heat flooded my body, tingles started in my thighs as the muscles tightened, and my toes curled slightly. As I came, a flood of hot pussy juice slid from me, and a big squirt of pee.

Although I had not wanted that, I was helpless to stop the waves of orgasm rocking my body and the effect they had on my body. My fingers slid from me as the waves started to recede and my breathing returned to normal.

I lay there, in the dark, my heart thudding loudly, mouth dry, cooling down. As the orgasm faded my desperate need to pee came back. Although a large squirt had been released, creating a delightful warm squishy puddle, I still needed to go.

I lay there, enjoying the squishiness until it cooled, then cleaned the mess, putting on clean sheets and running these ones in the wash. Then, and only then, feeling so horny again, did I allow myself to release the rest of the pee while rubbing my clit and allowing me to orgasm yet again, WHILE peeing, which has never happened before~!

As usual I wanted to share this with friends on here who would understand and appreciate my fun, unexpectedly wet, night~!

I actually tried to film this for those on here who like my clips, but the quality was not great as when I video with my cell in the dark it looks grainy. Still, despite the poor quality and shortness I did post and hope you enjoy?~!

