Selected Excepts from the Diary of Leslie Kay (f/f watersports)

21st July 2010, 04:43 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

March 17, 2007

Dear Diary,

Wow, I can't believe I finally started writing a diary after all of these years. I guess I hesitated because I didn't want my Mom to be able to sneak in and read it. Now that I've finally found a diary app for my computer that lets me password protect what I write, I finally decided to start one.

So let me tell you about myself. My name is Leslie Kay. I was born on February 14, 1989, and I live in San Diego, CA. I live with my Mom, Mary Kay. Yeah, I know, her name is the same as that make-up company. It drives her crazy. Sometimes she says she should go back to her maiden name, Farnsworth, but I know she never will. See, my dad's name was Bill Kay, and he died when I was three. The only memory I have of him is from videos of when I was very little. Mom tells me that he loved me very much. I know that she loved him.

I really didn't want to talk about all of that, so back to me. I'm a tall girl - 5'10" - and very much a tomboy. I'm the captain of both my high school basketball and volleyball teams (go Mira Mesa High Marauders!), and also love all of the outdoorsy stuff - camping, hiking, fishing - you name it. I have red hair, and my complexion includes a few freckles. I intimidate a lot of guys w/ my height and athleticism, but I know they consider me a total babe (seriously, I'm not trying to brag).

I used to have a boyfriend, his name was Michael Young, but we broke up recently. Mike was the one that took my virginity. My mom would totally die if she knew I wasn't a virgin. She's totally religious, makes us go to church every week, and has given me several lectures on how men want a virgin bride on their wedding night. Anyway, back to Mike. I broke up w/ him because all he could think about was sex. Now don't get me wrong, I like fucking as much as anybody, and I loved it when he ate my pussy. Problem was, his idea of dinner and a movie became going to McDonald's and watching a porno in his basement. I'm no prude, and I like to watch the occasional porno, but I want to be able to watch a chick flick once in a while too. Hell, even an action flick now and then would be OK. But a porno every date got to be too fucking much. I'm now officially back on the market.

I've got to get going. I'll write more later.

###

March 20, 2007

Dear Diary,

I guess I should tell you about Don. Don Blythe was my dad's best friend. After my dad died Don took it upon himself to take care of mom and me. When he is not at our house we are over at his. He was there for all my awards ceremonies for school and Girl Scouts, and has always been there for my basketball and volleyball games. We go on vacation together, often to his cabin near Big Bear. My mom and Don are together so much that people that casually know us think that he and Mom ARE dating each other, and their best friends think that they SHOULD be dating each other. I know they tried getting together years ago, but somehow things didn't work out for them romantically. As friends, however, they are absolutely great together.

I've had a crush on Don for as long as I can remember. When I was little Mom and Don thought it was cute, and that I would grow out of it. As I got older I pretended that I did grow out of it, but I am as attracted to him as I ever was. Even though he's in his mid forties he is as handsome as ever. He is about 6'4" tall, and has light brown hair that is starting to gray on the sides. Mom jokes that he now looks like an old man, but I think it makes him look distinguished. He keeps himself in great shape, and always gets stares from the widows and old maids in church. Hell, half the married women there drool after him. I would love to try to make my own move on him, but I know it wouldn't work, my age and the fact that I'm Bill's daughter would get in the way. A girl can dream though, can't she?

###

Arpil 12, 2007

Girls I would totally go gay for:

Angelina Jolie

Charlize Theron

Halle Berry

Amber Heard

Kristen Stewart

Scarlet Johansen

Jessica Alba

Jessica Biel

Kate Beckinsale

There might be others. I'm a girl, but these girls are HOT!

###

May 16, 2007

Dear Diary,

I'm so upset. Every summer Mom and I go up with Don to his cabin for a week or two. I can't remember not doing it. A few months ago, however, we all agreed that it would be a good experience for me to work as a counselor at a summer camp this year. It seemed like a good idea at the time, getting paid (not much, but still, it's a paycheck) for doing something I love so much. Plus, I'm thinking of becoming a teacher, and working w/ the kids at camp would be great on a resume. Now that it's only a couple of weeks away, though, I'm bummed. I'm going to miss my vacation w/ Mom and Don this year. I wish I could take back this decision. Life sucks.

###

June 2, 2007

Dear Diary,

I'm off to summer camp. Like I've complained the last couple of weeks, I'm still bummed, but I'm going to try to make the best of it. It should actually be fun, teaching the kids, spending my time in the woods, canoeing, hiking, etc. I'll miss Mom and Don, but I'm now determined to have fun. Hopefully my fellow counselors will be cool, not bitchy. We'll see.

P.S. I'm taking my laptop w/ me, so I'll be able to keep writing to you, Diary. I hope I only have good stuff to write about.

###

June 5, 2007

Dear Diary,

Add another name to the list of girls I would go gay for: Denise Deming. Denise is a fellow counselor here at the camp, and she is beautiful. She's 5'9", with naturally blonde hair (I did do a quick check when we were in the showers last night), and an amazing athletic build. If I was a guy I would say she has a great ass. I'm also jealous of her tits. They're bigger than mine, a D cup to my C cup, yet they appear to be just as firm. It's a good thing this camp is for girls only, because if we had male counselor's and boy campers nobody would be able to concentrate when she was around. Shit, I'm a straight girl, and I can't concentrate when she's around. The best thing is that so far we are hitting it off great. Of course it's only been three days. We'll see how it goes.

###

June 8, 2007

Dear Diary,

OMG! The weirdest but most erotic thing happened today. We have a set time in the evenings to go to the showers, so we all go as a group. Well I was working late today helping some girls with their knot tying skills, and I didn't get back to the cabin until the rest of the counselors were just getting back from the showers. I was worried I'd get in trouble for showering late, but one of the other counselors, I think it was Susan, told me that it was no big deal to shower late. Plus she told me that Denise was late too, and had just taken off for the showers.

I ran along the trail to showers to catch up, and saw Denise, ahead on the trail in the distance. I was about to call out to her to wait up, when I saw her leave the trail and head off into the woods. Curious, I quietly followed her in. I saw her stop and look around, and I hid behind a bush so that I could see what she was up to. When she was confident no one was around, I saw her cup her hand over her crotch, and start to piss. Her fucking shorts were still on! I could hear and see piss falling from her fingers, I saw her shorts getting wet, and piss running down her leg! I was shocked, but oh so turned on! After she finished pissing I saw her place her hand inside her shorts, obviously getting herself off. As quietly as I could I started to do the same. I bit my lip as I came so as not to make noise. After she came she hurried through the woods towards the showers. I waited a little bit, then made my own way there.

When I entered the showers I could hear the water running, but Denise was out of view. I looked down and saw her clothes on the floor. I reached down and felt her shorts and panties; why, I don't know. I guess I just didn't believe my eyes for a second, and wanted to confirm that what I saw was real. They were, of course, soaked. I then did something really weird: I picked the panties up and started to smell them. The salty smell of her piss was intoxicating! Next thing I knew (and trust me, I don't know what possessed me to do this) I licked them to get a taste of her piss! I always thought it would be gross, but it wasn't! The next thing you know, I'm starting to suck the piss out of them! It sounds so gross, but it was hot! I was lost in my own world, sniffing, licking, and sucking her panties

, w/ my hand down my pants working on my second orgasm, when I heard her voice.

«What the fuck do you think you're doing!» she shrieked at me. Fuck, I was caught! I didn't know what to do. I thought about apologizing, but I didn't know what to say. I thought about trying to make up an excuse, but how in the hell do you try to convince somebody that sucking the piss out of their panties while masturbating is an accident

? One crazy, weird, stupid thing came into my mind, and, since I had done nothing but crazy, weird, stupid things the last several minutes, I decided to do it: with my hands still fingering my pussy inside my shorts, I decided to piss myself. I must have thought it would put us on equal footing.

The feeling of my hot piss hitting my fingers, running off them and soaking my panties

, and running into my shorts and down my legs was electric! I couldn't believe how great it felt! It must have looked good too, as I heard Denise exclaim «Holy shit that's hot!»

The sight must have been too much for her. In an instant she was right in front of me, kissing me while holding her hand over my own. It was the best kiss I've ever had! So much softer than anything I ever got from Mike or one of my other boyfriends. As I was about to finish pissing she took her hand off of mine, place it in my shorts, gently moved mine aside, and started to finger me, all the while we were still passionately kissing each other. I came almost as soon as she started fingering me!

After I finished my orgasm, she knelt down in front of me and pulled down my shorts, but kept my panties on. She started to lick my pussy through my wet panties

, taking the occasional break to suck some of the piss out. I was so turned on by seeing her do that! Eventually I pulled my panties aside, and she attacked my pussy with her tongue. I think I came twice while she was eating me! Nothing Mike ever did was near this hot or exciting!

After I came she stood up and started to kiss me again. Tasting all of my juices on her lips and tongue was amazing. I then knelt down and started to go down on her. I didn't really know what to do, but I know what I like, and tried to reproduce it on her. It must have worked, as I could feel her body shudder and her start to whimper in no time. After that we kissed again, and then went to wash each other off in the shower.

«How did you know I would respond like that when you kissed me?» I asked her.

«You were standing up sucking my panties and pissing yourself,» she answered. «I figured it was a pretty safe bet that you wanted me. Now how did you think I'd respond when I saw you doing that?»

«I didn't think about being caught,» I answered. «I had seen you piss in the woods and it turned me on. I don't know what possessed me to start sucking your panties, or eve to piss myself, but now I'm glad I did.»

Hey, diary, the head counselor is going to the cabins telling everyone lights out. Good thing Tabitha* is already sleeping and not looking over my shoulder at this. Hopefully I'll have more stuff to write about Denise later.

*[Editor's note: her roommate. Diary entries about Tabitha have not been included in these excerpts.]

###

June 10, 2007

Dear Diary,

I had another exciting experience today! On Sundays both counselors and kids get the entire day for free time. There are church services available (of course I'm telling Mom I go every week), they have movies playing, everyone's encouraged to do laundry, clean their cabins, enjoy nature, etc.

Anyway, Denise told me that she knew a completely secluded spot on the other side of the lake, so we took a canoe over there. As soon as we reached the spot we were all over each other! Kissing each other, taking our clothes off, fondling and licking each other's tits, you name it! It was so hot. Finally, with both of us completely naked, Denise laid down in the grass. «Piss on me!» she said.

I stood above her and tried to piss, but I couldn't. I guess I was too nervous. Who would have thought after Friday night, right? She then started to talk to me. «Close your eyes, relax Leslie. You're home, in your bathroom. You need to piss. Imagine your sitting on the toilet. Relax your muscles. Just let it flow.»

It worked! I thought about being on the toilet, then I started to piss. I opened my eyes to see that I was spraying my piss on her stomach. I looked at her beautiful tits, and decided that I wanted to see them wet. So I spread my pussy lips, moved my hips, and aimed my stream at her tits. She purred, and rubbed my piss all over her tits. Just when my stream started to get weaker she sat up a little and started to drink from me. I emptied the rest of my bladder into her mouth, and she gulped down all she could. She then pulled me down on top of her and started to kiss me. I love the taste of my piss on her lips and tongue. I started to finger her as we kissed, and I felt her cum. I moved down her body and licked my piss off of her tits, sucking a playing with her nipples in the process. I continued to work my way down her body, licking my piss off of her body as I went.

Finally I got to her pussy. I started to lick her clit. I was trying to be gentle at first, but she grabbed my head and pushed it toward her pussy. I started to attack it with as hard and as fast as I could with tongue, as she was grinding that pussy into my face. I could feel her shiver hear her scream as she came.

As soon as she finished cumming she started to piss. I opened my mouth and started to drink her delicious, salty piss. I then moved up a little, holding my tits into her stream, loving the feeling of her hot piss hitting my nipples. All too quickly my golden shower was over. She moved me toward her, and returned a favor from earlier as she licked her piss from my tits. Finally, I sat on her face as she ate me, and must have cum three or four times. We slowly made our way back to the lake and, looking around to make sure no one was on the shore, quickly washed ourselves off in it. We dried ourselves (we were smart enough to bring along towels), and made our way back to the camp.

I can't believe I was upset about going to camp. This is going to be the best summer ever!

