Strange Party (Part II)

25th November 2007, 08:34 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

For the first part of this story see Strange Party

(Part I).

###

STRANGE PARTY (PART II)

"Have you ever played BDSM poker before?" Debra asked me.

"No.."

"Well it's a bit like strip poker, only more intense."

"Uh yeah.." I responded half heartedly my mind consumed by my sudden urge to pee. "Excuse me for a minute.."

I headed out of the diningroom sure that the bathroom wouldn't be too hard to find.

"What are you looking for?" A man asked me.

"I've really got to pee. Where's the bathroom?"

"In there." he pointed at the kitchen door.

It suddenly dawned on me that there must be a small bathroom off of the kitchen. Really that made sense, and a powder room was all that I needed.

I entered the kitchen and saw Trisha sitting on the counter talking to Wendy who was arranging drinks on a tray.

"Sir Lance brought me to his nephews party." Trisha was explaining.

"High School age?" Wendy asked.

"No college.. but that was still quite an experience. I don't think I've been fucked so many times in all of my life!"

Wendy turned to me "Can I get you something?"

"I'm just looking for the powder room."

Wendy looked confused "Powder room?"

"There's no powder room in here." Wendy shook her head. "Do you need to wash up?"

"No..."

Trisha smirked "Well there is a urinal in here."

Wendy eyed my crotch hungrily.

"Um uh no thanks.." I fought back a shiver. "Maybe I will have one of those drinks." I took one off of the tray. Wendy offered a couple of pills and I downed them quickly in a single gulp. Then the realization of what I'd just done hit me. "What did I just take?!" I asked in a panic.

"It's like Viagra" Trisha grinned.

I stood there in shock, almost unable to move because I needed to pee so badly. I could feel my penis becoming erect almost immediately. Whatever it was it was powerful and fast acting.

Wendy was now on her knees carefully unzipping me. I wasn't sure what to do and a little to shocked to react. I didn't dare look down but I felt Wendy's warm hand wrapping around my swelling penis and pulling it out of my pants.

"So are you enjoying the party?" Trisha asked.

It seemed a little strange hearing Trisha talk. It was strange but I had almost half thought of her as a wild animal and not really a girl. She had a suprisingly sweet voice.

I looked down and Wendy had my penis pointed at her wide open mouth. She looked up at me without raising her head and she seemed to be pleading with me to pee. And I did.

The blast of pee was suprisingly powerful and it both shocking and a relief at the same time. My heart pounded hard as I let go and relieved myself into Wendy's open mouth. Moving closer I slid the tip of my huge engorged dick into Wendy's mouth and she gulped hungrily as I peed. A couple of times Wendy gasped for breath and some of my pee splashed out of her mouth but amazingly she swallowed most of it, and finally finished by sucking and licking the last drops off of my penis.

Wendy let go of my penis and I uncomfortably forced my erect penis down and into my pants.

"It'll be hard for awhile." Trisha grinned.

"Thank you." I said ackwardly to Wendy and staggered out of the kitchen a stunned.

I tried to hide my bulging penis unsuccessfully from the people at the table and sat back down between Debra and Jules feeling a bit embarrassed. And even worse I almost needed to pee again. The dinner was just a small serving of filet mignon cooked to perfection and a small artistic serving of vegetables and salad. I gobbled it down quickly, and finished off the small desert before Wendy entered carying the tray with the drinks and pills.

I was half afraid to look at her and when I did I saw her getting down on her knees so that a man in a grey slacks could use her. I watched in frozen perverse fascination. This time when she finished drinking he slid his penis back into her mouth and she began giving him a blow job. He pulled his penis out just before orgasm and shot a big load of cum powerfully into her face just above her left eye.

Two men who had been watching stepped in on either side of him and began jerking off vigorously in front of Wendy's face.

"Facial time!" John announced with a huge grin. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his penis, and took the center position as the men stepped to the side

First the man on the right sprayed cum into Wendy's face. Then the man on the left sprayed cum into Wendy's hair. Then John sprayed Wendy straight in the middle of her face with a powerful blast of PEE! She shut her eyes as he randomly sprayed her face, and then he randomly aimed his stream into her hair. Suddenly more and more men stepped in to join the "facial". I'd guess that there were around ten, or perhaps a few more men in the group and they had to back up a little so that they could all fit. I watched in perverse rapt fascination as streams of pee hit Wendy in the face and hair from all directions. And they weren't just releasing a squirt or two they were fully relieving themselves on Wendy.

I couldn't resist. The next thing I knew my huge erect penis was out and I was working my way into the group. I blasted Wendy in the face, and finally finished in her hair. I backed up from the group, my heart pounding wildly and I watched some of the men who'd been pissing on Wendy now cumming in her soaked face and hair.

A second sound caught my attention and I turned to see Robert's submissive, Tabitha, sitting on the edge of her chair and peeing powerfully onto the carpet as she watched the "facial". There were splashing sounds coming from all around the table and I glanced back at Jules and saw that she too was now pissing urgently onto the floor, watching the "facial", and ignoring the guy who was violently fucking Debra who was leaning against the table.

"They're merciless." Tabitha grinned at me and studied my erect penis, sticking out of my pants, as she wiped herself. I nodded and looked back at Debra who was now being fucked by a second man. I turned back to Tabitha who was now zipping herself back up.

"First time?" Tabitha asked as she stood up.

"Yeah.." I admitted.

Tabitha wrapped her arms warmly around me and we kissed intimately on the lips as my penis pressed against her crotch.

"What a totally crazy party." as said under my breath as Tabitha backed up and raised her arms so the I could remove her blouse. I unfastened her bra and her breasts bounced free. She had large brown areolas with hard nipples that I was now busily sucking while my right hand explored inside her slacks.

"Ohh.. that's intense." Tabitha shuddered as I found her clit. Then she shut her eyes and leaned back as I stroked it. I rubbed other parts of her vagina and the insides of her legs and I felt her beginning to tremble and orgasm. Tabitha laughed loudly as she orgasmed then leaned her flushed face up against me and rested herself while her heart pounded wildly against my chest. Tabitha rubbed her flushed cheek against mine and gazed into my eyes.

"Com'on." She beckoned tugging at me. I followed her into the livingroom where I removed her slacks and panties and laid her down on a try section of carpet. We kissed on the lips again and then I moved down and kissed her inner thighs and pussy -- lightly teasing her erect clit with my tongue. When she started to tremble I slid my huge engorged penis deeply inside her wet pussy and fucked until I collapsed on her in a mind splitting orgasm. For a little while I was only consious of the two of us then I became aware of the party going on around us again.

"How are you doin'" The woman to our right moaned to me. She was in the middle of being fucked by a group of three men. I suddenly realized that it was Jane.

I didn't know what to say so I just gave her the thumbs up. When I got up I realized that I'd lost my shirt. I pulled my pants up and buttoned them but let my erect penis hang out of the open zipper.

"Your clothes?" I asked Tabitha.

"Aww.. look for them later." Tabitha grinned.

Soaked naked Wendy approached us carrying a tray with drinks on it. Her hair was full of cum and cum ran down her legs from her pussy. Her face was flushed and she was grinning perversely. "Would you like a drink?" she offered.

I helped myself to two drinks, and Tabitha took one.

Tabitha set her drink on the coffee table and leaned on it. "Thank you, that was incredible." she gasped to me as a newcomer, who'd just jumped her from behind, began fucking her vigorously.

"Thank you too." I nodded and headed off through the crowd. There were sounds of excitement coming from the basement and I entered to find a young brunette with small breasts and large hips blindfolded and lying on her back. Restraints secured her hands and feet at each corner of the bed. One man had just finished roughly fucking her missionary style and he was stepping away. I stepped closer to get a better look, my heart beating hard. Cum ozzed out of her hairy swollen pussy. My penis was still rock hard but I was unsure if I could cum again.

I got up on the edge of the bed on my knees and sort of slid my body on top of her as I slid my penis into her soaking wet pussy. I started pumping slowly and then gradually increased the speed and force pushing deeply inside. She grunted along with me and I kissed her cheeks as I fucked her. I wouldn't have thought that I would have been able to cum again but I did. It was a strangely long gratifying fuck. I watched several other men fuck her then I headed upstairs and drank some punch. I didn't want to drink any more alcohol and give myself a hangover.

The last thing I remember of the night was finding a blonde seated on the couch wearing a long tee-shirt with the words "Piss Slut" written on the front. I peed full force in her face and hair and finished up by soaking down her tee-shirt over her breasts. Then I headed off to an upstairs bedroom and fell asleep in the bed.

###

"How are you doin'?" The strange blonde I woke with in the morning asked me.

"Suprisingly not bad. How about you?"

"I feel great!" she grinned.

I climbed out of bed and looked around the room.

"Lose your clothes?" she asked.

"Yeah."

"Me too." she laughed.

We found bathrobes and slippers in the closet and we made our ways downstairs. The house was predictably a mess but I was a little suprised to find it seemingly deserted. We headed into the kitchen and found John and Jane, having breakfast.

"How'd you like our party?" John asked me casually.

"I liked it!" I grinned devilishly as I slid my penis into Wendy's mouth and began peeing powerfully.

"Great." John nodded and then added "When you're done with Wendy I could use her too."

"Next time you're going to have to fuck me." Jane stroked herself with her hand inside her pajama bottom.

"We're the worlds most oversexed couple." John laughed and got up and walked over next to me to wait his turn.

Jane slid her pajama bottom down and slid herself to the edge of the chair.

"We've got a cleaning crew coming over in a little bit." John explained as Jane began peeing powerfully onto the floor.

Jane grinned and said simply "More sex!"

It was indeed a party to remember.

