Can't miss the plane! (m desp/wetting)

27th December 2014, 03:52 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Kevin awoke drowsily, slowly becoming aware of the sunrise streaming through the windows. Wait... the sunrise? Wasn't he supposed to wake up at 4:00 AM to get ready before his flight to L.A.?

Fuck! thought Kevin as he scrambled out of bed, frantically grabbing for his phone. 5:45. The flight left at 6:30. Had his alarm not gone off? Had he slept through it? No time to check-- Kevin rushed into his clothes, no time for a shower, no breakfast. Thankfully he'd packed the night before. He grabbed his bags, shut off the lights, jumped into his car and slammed the gas. No sweat-- he'd still make it. The airport was only 20 minutes away. Just a little setback, right?

Kevin was about a mile into his journey when he shifted his weight and felt a sudden pressure in his bladder. He shifted again and this time he felt all the liquid inside him slosh. Goddamn it. I'd probably have had time for a piss if I'd just thought...

Well, there would be bathrooms on the plane. Maybe in the airport if the security line was short. He could wait. It sure was uncomfortable, though. Kevin was a heavy sleeper and little could wake him, no matter how much liquid he'd drunk the night before. Mornings were often a close call, waking up to a surge of pain and a jolt of urine into his boxers, running to the bathroom with his dick clasped in his hand to explode into the toilet just in time. He wasn't that desperate this morning, but he was a little worried about when he'd have a chance for relief. Would he have to wait until after takeoff? What if there was turbulence? No, he'd just have to go at the airport. Surely another couple minutes wouldn't make much of a difference.

Kevin's thoughts were preoccupied as he approached the exit for the airport. He was sitting awkwardly, one cheek higher than the other, trying to relieve the mounting pressure in his bladder. Every now and then a hot shock ran through his body and he felt his sphincter straining. Kevin took the exit too quickly, swerving towards the jersey barrier. He jerked the wheel back quickly and felt a hot slash of urine escape him. Back between the lines, he panted. He slowed the car, waiting for his heart to stop pounding. The wet spot in his boxers clung clammy to his penis. He shifted his legs uncomfortably.

Here was the sign for long-term parking. Kevin pulled quickly into the lot, past a group of people filing into a shuttle. And then he realized-- of course. The shuttle. This lot is too far out. Fuck! He didn't dare wait for the next one. He slammed the car into park, yanked his bags from the backseat and started to run towards the shuttle. Almost immediately he had to stop, double over, to control the surge of his bladder. Every step vibrated through it. It was so distended, swollen, stretched to capacity.

He shuffled as quickly as he could toward the shuttle, and, blessedly, its doors were still open when Kevin reached them. He climbed gingerly up and moved down the aisle, looking for a seat where he wouldn't be hemmed in. The only one available was in the center against the back wall, and he sat down as carefully as he could. He was behind everyone else, here, but he was also totally exposed; if anyone turned to look at him, they'd see his legs, crotch, hands-- no surreptitious pinching. He prayed the ride was quick. Sitting down again had temporarily lessened the pressure, but he knew he didn't have much longer and would have to rush into the bathroom as soon as he entered the airport.

Each bump on the road was agony. Kevin sweated as he watched the numbers on the parking lots go down. As they neared the airport, speed bumps began to appear on the road, and the shuttle did not slow enough-- they hit them hard, jarring the seats, causing squirt after squirt to escape from Kevin's tortured bladder, soaking through his boxers into the fabric of his jeans. He looked down in panic to see a dark spot spreading from the head of his penis, beginning to dribble down his legs. He quickly moved his carryon bag to his lap and forced his legs together.

Ah, finally-- the shuttle pulled over and the passengers stood. Kevin stood with a flushed face, took his bags and began to push down the aisle, bumping into people, certainly not taking his turn, but he couldn't wait any more. He needed a bathroom so desperately.

As he hustled towards the doors, he pulled his cell phone from his pocket to check the time. 6:10?? How was this possible?? His flight was leaving in 10 minutes! He rushed to the security area, thinking he could use the bathrooms there before entering, but as he turned the corner he was hit by two terrible realizations; the security line extended far past the barriers, and the men's restroom was closed for repairs.

Kevin could feel sweat trickling around his balls -- at least he hoped it was sweat. His forehead was sweating profusely. He wiped it with his sleeve and did the only thing that he could do... he joined the line and prayed for it to go as fast as possible. He shifted from foot to foot, no doubt looking anxious and suspicious, but he had no other choice. If he stood still he'd surely start to pee. He could see a distant men's room, inside the security perimeter, and its unlocked door tortured him. He watched men move in and out, heavy when entering, light when leaving... he even watched a few men hurry with urgency into the door, one man even clutching his penis through his pants. At this last sight Kevin felt a tiny dribble of urine escape. He couldn't believe how badly he needed to piss. At home, he'd long since have run to the bathroom or even pissed an uncontrollable stream onto the floor beside his bed before managing to stop. Certainly, the floor had had its share of accidents

. Just two nights ago he'd woken to intense desperation in the middle of the night, and had gotten tangled in his bedclothes in his attempt to jump out of bed. He pissed for 20 seconds into his pajama bottoms and onto the mattress and floor before he was able to stem the flow and finish in the toilet (well, in his pants as he entered the bathroom door and then in the toilet.) And Kevin thought he must be even more desperate now-- it was just that the thought of the public humiliation of wetting his pants in an airport was forcing him to do everything he could to hold it.

The line was moving, but slowly. Somehow Kevin continued to hold. He was losing occasional drops into his boxers, but his wet spot didn't appear to spread. Okay, he thought. You got this. You can do this. He was now able to see the front of the line. He checked his phone. 5 minutes to takeoff. Fuck, fuck. Would he even make this plane? Should he just get out of security now and go piss in a potted plant or outside the doors or anywhere because he had to piss so goddamn bad he thought he was going to explode?

But, no. He glanced up at the departures board and saw that it had been delayed by another 10 minutes. He still had time. He was going to make it. He was going to make the flight, anyway. He wasn't sure if he'd stay dry in the process.

Kevin watched longingly as another man pushed through the doors of the bathroom, beginning to unzip himself before the door had even swung shut. Kevin imagined the man's relief, the thundering spray against the urinal as his dick came free of his pants-- maybe squirting a little before he got into position, maybe even starting to release while still pressed against his boxers-- and a sudden hot burst of urine bloomed at the tip of his penis. Without thinking, he grabbed himself. He twisted his legs until he regained control. A few people were looking at him, now. And so was a TSA officer. With red cheeks he straightened up and tried to look normal, like he wasn't battling so fiercely to keep his urine from cascading down his legs. His heart pounded, his palms sweated. At least it was almost his turn.

When he reached the head of the line he had another shock-- the shoes. Of course. He had to take off his shoes. Somehow, he had to bend over, untie his laces, straighten up and put them in the bucket without flooding his pants. He got down to one knee, exceedingly carefully. He felt his bladder shift sickeningly. He undid the laces, as fast as he dared, and felt a little dribble escape his dick and run down the back of his leg. Finally, they were off. He stood and as he pushed up he felt another spurt escape, bigger this time. He felt the crotch of his jeans dampen further. He didn't dare look down.

Now, just the metal detector. No big deal. He stepped through, looking at the bathroom across the hall, so close to relief, so close-- and heard the alarm go off.

"Empty your pockets," said the TSA officer in a bored tone, one hand on her hip. Trembling, Kevin turned out his pockets. Of course, his keys. He put them in the bucket and stepped through again. The alarm went off. Kevin pissed a one-second stream into his pants, unable to control himself.

"Please step out and raise your arms."

"Ah, it's.. it must be my belt buckle," stammered Kevin. "I'm sorry." He could in fact feel that belt buckle straining against the swell of his bladder, which was testing the limits of his waistband.

"Raise your arms, sir."

He felt another dribble go down his leg. No, no, this couldn't be happening. He needed to go now. Men kept going in and out of that restroom, so close...

The TSA woman began to run a portable metal detector along his arms. A squirt this time, hard and urgent. Kevin squirmed to regain control.

"Sir, stay still."

"I'm trying. I'm sorry."

"If you don't cooperate, sir, I can have the police called."

Kevin's cheeks flushed further and he looked down at the floor, not missing in the process that he now had a wet spot the size of a bagel on the front of his jeans. The TSA officer continued to scan him, brushing along his sides. Two more spurts escaped, fluttering out of his exhausted muscles. He knew it was close, now. He couldn't hold it any longer. He was going to piss himself in front of the entire airport unless this woman finished with him now.

"Sir," said the woman, now bent down and holding the wand beside his legs. "Are you concealing any liquids on your person?"

"No, no..." Kevin was sure his face could not get any redder. His voice dropped to a whisper. "I... I desperately need to use the bathroom."

"What?"

"I need to use the bathroom. Please."

"Sir, if you will cooperate, we can be finished and you can go along your way."

She began to run the detector along his legs, torturously close to his skin. He squirted again and again. Finally the alarm began to sound and she centered the wand on his belt buckle. She reached under it and pulled it out from his body to study it, her knuckles pressing suddenly into his bladder. Kevin groaned felt the dam finally burst, hot piss exploding into his pants, hissing loudly as it slammed into denim and streamed down his legs. The TSA officer jumped back in horror. Kevin bent over, grabbing himself, but the flood would not stop. He squirmed and pinched and jiggled but all he managed to do was spread the stream around, soaking himself and the patterned carpet of the floor.

The TSA officer was starting at him, and so was everyone in line-- hoots, hollers, laughter and gasps filled the air, but the loudest sound was still Kevin's piss, now flowing so hard that it burst forward from the saturated fabric of his jeans like a fountain, splashing down onto the floor. He could not control it. The relief was a hot wave rushing through him, mixed with terror, humiliation, and a strange sense of arousal, making his dick half-hard as it continued to stream out endless surges of piss. The carpet beneath him was soaked, squishing below his feet, completely saturated with his desperate piss and still receiving more. He could not believe how much was inside him. He was still voiding uncontrollably into his pants when he became aware of a police officer approaching him, grabbing his arm, saying "come with me, sir..."

And still, he was pissing as he followed that police officer down the hall to the interview room, a trail of wet carpet behind him, evidence of his desperate

