A Long Hike With Jeannie Part 1

13th August 2009, 12:47 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

It was one of those nice typicail summer days here in upstate New York. Warm sunshine,clear blue skies, and a slight breeze. I was up early had my breakfast and went looking to see what my friends were up to this day. My luck was not all that good as I went to the different houses where my friends lived. Eother they weren't up yet,noanswer,or they had other plans.

I tried at Barbie S's house last. Her sistor Jeannie came to the door. I asked her what she was up to today and she told me nothing. So I asked her since she was doing nothing; Would you like to go on a hike? Jeannie said Sure why not! So she let me in while she went and got dressed. I waited in the kitchen for her.

After about ten minutes Jeannie came into the kitchen wearing a long light cotten light green summer dress. She quickly had a bowl of cereal with milk and a glass of oj for breakfast. While she ate she asked me where we were going to hike. I told her I had a idea of hiking up Lookout Mountain. Where's that? Jeannie asked. Over by Crooked Lake I replied back. Jeannie told me that is a walk from here. I told her it was. I also told her it would be better if we took a lunch and drinks too. Jeannie agreed with me on that.

After Jeannie hurried through eating her breakfast,finished it and started making up a lunch to take with her I told Jeannie that I had been up Lookout Mountain years ago when I was in a summer camp at Methodist Farm. That was our big summer event I said to her. It was too. I enjoyed it along with everyone else that had went. Jeannie then told me I think I remember something else about Lookout Mountain. Isn't that where there was a fire up on that mountain a couple of years ago? Jeannie was right and I told her that was the place. There had been a couple of years back and it made big news when it happened.

Jeannie had made up her lunch, grabbed a small rucksack put her lunch in that and told me she was ready to go. So she and I left her house walked to my house where I made up my lunch packing it into a small backpack that I had. I also grabbed a blanket to take with us. Now for drinks I took some empty soda botles and she and I filled them with cold spring water from the pitcher pump in our old barn. Then we walked to the store at the other end of the road I lived on and we got some snacks and sodas.

Now once we were outside the store we packed the sodas and snacks in our packs and we now headed to Crooked Lake and Lookout Mountain. This part of our hike we had to walk alongside the main highway till we would get to the Crooked Lake Hotel and motel. This would be a half hour walk from the store. As we walked along the highway I described to Jeannie what the hike years ago was like.

I went on to tell Jeannie that the trail in some parts of it was easy while other parts were quite steep. Some sections went straight while in one section it had many switchback turns. Plus the trail was well marked with markers. Jeannie asked me if on that hike did anyone had gotten lost. I told her not that time anyway. Getting lost had happened a couple of times as far as other people that had climbed up Lookout Mountain. But as far as that they were found and everything turned out ok.

Jeannie had taken out one of the soda botles with the spring water and I had too as we now were comming up on the north side of Crooked Lake now. We both sipped on them as we now were getting near The hotel which was just around the corner up ahead of us. We in several more minutes were around the curve crossed over the highway to get on the motels side of the highway and soon were going up the steep entrance road to the motel.

We then next walked behind the motel back to where the edge of the woods were and there in front of us was the start of the trail that went up Lookout Mountain. The trail had a very wide opening start in the edge of the woods but would narrow right down into where only two people could walk side by side. The old blue markers were still on the trees as Jeannie and I had walked into the woods about 50 feet now. So we wre on our way!

This section was one of the easy sections. The trail went up gradually as it turned to the left and then straightened out. It was nice being in the shade from the trees now not being in the sun like we were most of the time walking along the highway. Soon we reached where the trail made a hard turn back to the right and went up a steeper grade on the mountains side. So Jeannie and I held hands as we walked along the trail through this section of it.

Then after a short while the trail made another turn and went straight. Here the trail was easy and would stay this way until we reached the switchback section with its many turns before you would be near the top of the mountain. I thought this would be a good spot to stop take a short break. I asked Jeannie if she wanted to take a break and she told me she did. She had a good reason to stop too. Jeannie told me she needed to piss!I laughed and told her I did too. That made Jeannie smile.

So Jeannie and I took off our packs setting them aside out of our way. We stayed right on the trail. There was no need to walk into the woods to piss since we were by ourselves. Once we had taken our packs off Jeannie told me she came prepared for the trip this time. How's that I asked her as I stood there looking at her. Jeannie giggled hard and she raised the front of her light green summer dress way up to her waist. Jeannie was not wearing panties under her dress! I laughed seeing that she was not wearing panties and said to Jeannie Good girl you did come prepared!

With her lifting her dress up showing me she didn't have any panties on along with telling me she had to piss my cock was getting erect inside of mu jeans real fast! It was already sliding sideways inside my jeans as I now was pulling down my zipper on them. Jeannie had gathered up her dress around her waist but was stading still waiting for me. I slipped my fingers through my open zipper and like her I wasn't wearing any underware and pulled my almost fully erect cock out of my jeans.

Now seeing my almost fully erect cok Jeannie let out another giggle but it was a short one. Jeannie then looking right at my cock told me she had to piss so bad she wasn't going to hold me this time. Next time I will! Jeannie then got down into a high squat and as she did a spurt of piss shot out from her pussy which wetted the dirt of the trail. Seeing the hard spurt of piss shoot out from Jeannie's pussy I knew that she was going to take a good but badly needed piss!

I ws right for right after that first hard spurt of piss had come out from her pussy a hard thin quite yello looking piss stream shot out at a good forward angle with a loud hiss weting the dirt of the trail well out in front of Jeannie. That is when I started my piss which I had shoved my hard cock down at the dirt trail and I sent out a wide headed twisted light yellow stream of piss down into the dirt of the trail.

In a matter of seconds with both of us pissing in the dirt our piss was running down the trail making two piss trail and they merged into one. Now Jeannie must have been stif as far as her body holding back to keep from pissing. Now she relaxed now that she was going. For she let out a long brrraping sounding fart from her asshole and her piss stream got even harder! For it sprang forward with its hissing even getting louder!

With her pissing harder her piss flowed over the dirt on the trail and made a longer trail of piss which now between her piss and my piss the piss trail was over four feet long in length and getting longer. Then Jeannie must have given a push for she let out a second brrrraping soundng fart which was a shorter one. Giggling she told me that was that! I smiled. I enjoyed a girl that had no problems farting in front of another person even if the other person was a guy!

As it turned out when both of us had our streams ease off one our pissing had made quite a trail down the trails dirt. It had gone better then eight feet in length. The dirt was so hard packed by use for that was the reason why. Jeannie's piss stream had eased up enough so that it was no longer hissing and it had split into two streams. Both were going straight down. Thiis happened for several seconds and then she dribbled and came to a dripping stop.

My stream had eased where in the dirt my stream had come back a short ways making a wet area and then I stopped did several spurts and I was done with my piss. Jeannie had not yet stood up, The last drips of piss were still dripping off of her and when she felt no more drops on her that is when she stood up and dropped her dress back down. I gave my erect cok a few shakes and slipped it back inside me jeans. and zipped them back up.

We both hen grabbed another botle of water from our packs,put them on, and then we took a quick look at the trail. Jeannie giggling said to me; You know if we had pissed in a toilet it would have overflowed! I laughed hard at her comment. With that we held hands and walked away walking up the trail heading up it to continuie our hike. To be continuied.

I told her that the trail was marked with markers on the trees. Parts of the trail was easy and parts off the trail was steep and had lots of turns. The view once you were up on the top of the mountain was better then Bearshead which was another local mountain. Which we were passing by at this point as we walked along the highway. I and Jeannie had beeen up to the top of Bears head many times together.

