The Beauty Pageant girls

24th May 2014, 06:37 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

This is my first attempt and writing a erotic story so please feedback would be nice!!

I hope you like it. It's set in Leicester, my home town, if you're familiar with Leicester City Centre you might be able to relate to the story a little bit more.

Emma, Sophie, Louise and Molly...all 19, all 4 of them models in the Miss United Kingdom contest and although none of them won they were all absolutely stunning. Emma was Miss Southampton, she was petite with nice ample breasts, she was tanned and wore a tight black dress which ended just below her bum, leaving nothing for the imagination!!

Sophie was Miss Sheffield, she was taller than Emma only just by an inch or two, she had long wavy black hair that went down towards the middle of her back, she had the most stunning blue eyes and a red dress to die for, that hugged her beautiful figure, again, like Sophie ending just below her bum. Louise who won Miss Nottingham to qualify for these finals was a stunning blonde with lazer blue eyes. Her brests were perfect and she wore a tight top which should of her toned stomach and a short skirt and last but not least was Molly, Miss Newcastle, a true Geordie, she was gorgeous, 5ft10, 32dd brests and like Emma and Sophie she was wearing a dress but hers was blue.

During the competition the girls had got on really well, Once the competition was over it was time for the afterparty at the venue in Leicester, free drinks all night until the party stopped at midnight, the girls were having a whale of a time, the champagne was flowing but with it being a beauty pageant, there were a lot of girls there and the one female toilet, which had 5 stalls in, was getting really busy. Louise made the first move «Don't know about any of you girls but I could do with a wee» she announced, Emma, Sophie and Molly all agreed that a pee was in order, so they made there way to the toilets and queued with about 4 other girls still chatting amongst themselves.

About 5 minutes later, a bell clanged with a barman announcing that, this was your last chance to get free drinks before the bar closed...all 4 girls checked their watches, it was 11:50pm, they were having so much fun, they didn't realise what the time was, all 4 left the queue ignoring there bladders and made a beeline for the bar, they all ordered 1 glass of champagne and 1 glass of wine each.

Again all 4 girls chewed the fat, now noticeably shifting from one foot to the other as the pressure in their bladders grew minute by minute, finally at 12:15am, the girls had finally drunk the last of their drinks and very drunkenly, made their way to the toilets, what met them was a male cleaning attendant. «Sorry girls, party finished at 12, we need to get these toilets all cleaned up, we've got another function tomorrow night» Emma's and Sophie's bladders spasmed at hearing this and both had to cross their legs tight, Molly pleaded «Please, we all really need to go, we'll be just a minute»...before he could get the chance to answer, the manager came into view «Come on Ladies, clear off, we've got cleaning to do and homes to get to»

With that all 4 beautiful beauty pageant models, with their bladders aching for relief left the Curve theatre into the Cultural centre which was bustling, Nowhere to pop a squat around here. They walked up to one of the local punters, Louise, who's sphincter muscles were in overdrive to control her screaming bladder asked directions to the nearest club, they were given directions to a club called Fan Club, about a 15 minute walk across the city.

So off they walked all fighting there bladders and scouting for alleyways to pop a much needed pee in. The conversations ranged from needing to pee so badly to where is there an alleyway.

Molly «Seriously Girls, I'm about weeing myself

Emma «I know Molly, me too oh oh oh...and with that Emma controlled a huge spasm

Sophie «I've never needed a wee this much in my life, someone look for somewhere to squat

Louise was quiet, everystep she felt like she was closer and closer to pissing herself

The ladies seemed to be making no progress...just getting longing looks from the lads that walked by, some even mocking there now clearly desperatestate...one lad even shouted «Need a piss do you girls, I'll show you how to go» and he got his cock and pissed in front of the girls, the sight was too much for Molly, who's peehole winked for a second, sending a hot jet of pee into her pink cotton panties. «Ladies, I think I've just leaked» said Molly, loud enough for the lad to hear «hahahahaha I'm making them piss themselves lads wheyyy» and off he went with his mates all cheering and laughing. Just then, a surge of pee went shooting towards Sophie's peehole but she cut it off, pushing her hand deep into her throbbing tortured pussy.

10 minutes of crossed legs, looking for places to go, kneeding away at pussy's and moaning and groaning, the girls had reached the clock tower, the half way point to Fan Club and then it hit them, there was a McDonalds, it was like finding water in the desert, the girls had managed 10 minutes with only Molly leaking and hobbled towards the McDonalds, faster than they had walked since leaving the Curve theatre but that plus the anticipation of relief meant all 4 girls suffered serious bladder spasms as they walked through the door Sophie and Emma almost spontaneously had to throw their hands into they're desperate throbbing pussys, Emma didn't get there fast enough and a quick 1.5 second hot jet of desperate pent up pee splashed into her panties, she crossed her legs and grabbed her pussy to cut off the flow, getting strange looks from the people in there.

All 4 girls were ravaged by desperation, Molly had also dribbled some more as her bladder ached, with relief so close, more pee surged past Emma's extremely tightly clenched peehole and blasted out some more pee, all Emma wanted more than anything in the world was a toilet, this beautiful 19 year old Model was losing the battle against her throbbing bladder.

It was 12:50am, McDonalds was full and these 4 girls were clearly aching for the toilet they needed so bad but what greated them sent Molly into tears, grabbing her aching pussy with both hands at the same time. Louise couldn't believe it, she had been so close to spurting on more than one occasion on the walk but furious kneeding away at her tortured peehole was just doing the trick. Sophie just crossed her legs and crouched down and Emma, who had had to take a seat to control her need also sobbed. NOT IN USE was the sign that greeted the girls when they got to the toilets.

Eventually after 3 minutes or so, they took a 4 seater and discussed their situation. «I am actually pissing myself» Said Emma, sobbing...just as she said that Louise's peehole winked decisively and without any control she blasted 2 seconds of pee into her nylon panties, she cut it off but another spasm hit straight away which caused a further blast, another 2 seconds long «I'm losing it, I'm losing it» Louise hollered, this startled Molly a bit, Molly was still in tears, twisting in her seat, both hands working hard at her poor throbbing pussy. Sophie was the only one dry, only just, but it was only a matter of time before her, as well as all the girls, were going to piss themselves.

«Right, here's the plan» said Sophie, we get out of here, we head towards that empty market straight ahead and we go, I don't care who sees us» The Market, she was referring to is Europe's largest outdoor market, at 1:10am, the tables were the traders put there fruit and veg on are left empty and the 4 girls, with bladders throbbing and now clearly protruding in there tight dresses, made their way to the market, as all 4 girls stood up, every one of their bladders voided, all 4 girls had to thrust their hands into their desperate fanny's.

They left the McDonalds but as soon as the cold air hit them, it was torture again, Sophie's sphincter muscles wobbled and out the came some pee, she clenched and she fought to hang on and eventually after 4 seconds she maintained control. «You lost some Soph» said Molly «That's the first time I've ever wet myself» replied a stunned Sophie «Aye, me too» said Molly.

So the girls, hobbled and limped towards the Market, every one of them dribbling somemore as pee just violently spurted into their panties, they tried to cling on, Oh my they were so so desperate, Emma who had both hands grabbing her pussy, couldn't stop the jets of pee, such powerful jets of pee and then still 50 metres to the Market, she exploded, her Pee blasted through her peehole, she squatted down and just kept pissing, the relief on her face was an absolute picture, the pee she'd been holding back 1hr30mins was coming out, it was so powerful, the hissing noise and the piss smashed against the fabric of her panties was incredibly loud, fortunately no one was around, the sight of Emma losing the battle was too much Geordie Molly as her Pee crashed out of pee poor aching desperate vagina, she to squatted as hot pent up Pee finally made it's way free.

Whilst Emma and Molly were wetting themselves, Louise and Sophie had spurted some more, the sight of their friends just pissing away was too much, both squatted, pulled there very damp panties to the side and in an instant the pee came shooting out of them both and at a distance...the moans of relief were orgasmic, The peeing seemed to go on forever as there bladders released. Emma finally stopped after 1min 12 seconds...Molly finished and just lay out on the floor, she peed for just over 1 minute. Finally Sophie's ferocious piss came to an end in 1 min 15 with Louise taking over 1 min 30 secs. All 4 girls just sat there, breathless... They had been so so so desperate for the toilet, they'd all wet themselves, thankfully no one had seen their public humiliation and the 4 girls hailed a taxi and went back to the hotel.

