T and I and the cabin. Sunday

15th October 2012, 05:04 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

It was 10.50, Sunday morning when Anu, Katre, Armas ans Ott arrived.

T and I had been up since around 10.00am, we had showered and drank two bottles of water each. I made coffee and placed some bottles of water on the table.

It was T and Katre who went into the kitchen and made us all something to eat, just some toast and some fruit, very simple fare but welcome none the less.

I was dressed in a pair of shorts and T had a black pair of panties on. The others were dressed in T shirts and shorts.

Katre came out of the kitchen with the toast and promptly stripped down to her blue panties

, saying that she felt hot. I had not noticed before but her nipples were slightly facing upward, and her very firm breasts were of a lovely shape.

T followed Katre out a minute later with the fruit and some more bottles of water which was placed on the table. She looked so sexy with her lovely breasts slightly bouncing up and down as she walked. Her long legs looked so shapely and in the right proportion. Man, she is a beautiful sexy woman, I thought to myself.

We all sat at the table eating, drinking and talking for a while. It was about half an hour later when Anu asked if they could use the Sauna. Lets all have one said Ott, so in we all went. It felt so good in the sauna after a while. We were in there for almost an hour when we decided to go for a dip in the lake. So we all kind of rushed out and went straight into the lake. It takes your breath away at first but then all of a sudden you just feel warm and really refreshed.

I had noticed another couple about 50 metres away laying by the lake eating their breakfast, but they did not take much notice of us.

We went back to the cabin and sat on the veranda naked drinking water and having a bit of a laugh tormenting the girls. It was all taken in jest though.

At about 12.20 T said that she was going round to the back of the cabin for a piss, anyone else need to go she asked?

We all kind of looked at one another and said yes at more or less the same time and got up and followed T round the back. I think that we ll knew what was going to happen.

When we reached the back T asked us men to lie on the ground in a kind of star shape with our heads touching, which we did. Then the girls stood at our shoulders in between us facing toward us.

Anu and T were the first to begin to piss over our heads and faces, then Katre begun to let her piss go. It was raining piss and I was swallowing it, at times they were pissing so hard it was a job to get some air, lol, but it felt good.

One could not help but look up at the three sources of the piss and where it was coming from, all three were holding their vaginas open and slightly upward, they were moving their bodies around so that they pissed over each one of us, sometimes two at a time in the same place.

When they had finally drained themselves, T sat on Ott's face, Anu sat on my face and Katre sat on Armas's face. I had my tongue in and out of Anu's pussy and licked every drop from inside her vagina to her clitoris.

I for one was a little surprised when Katre said, OK it's your turn, so the three of them moved about three feet away from where we were and they laid in the same position as we had and we stood by their shoulders facing them.

We more or less started to piss at the same time and we were aiming it at the girls faces, T and Anu had their mouth's open, and Katre had her mouth closed at first, but after a few seconds she parted her lips and was taking the piss into her mouth.

We were spraying it everywhere over them, on their breasts, hairy pussies and on their faces.

T was nearest myself so I sat on her chest and she took me into her mouth and drank and licked me dry. Ott did the same with Anu and Armas did the same with Katre.

The ground beneath us was soaking wet as was our hair and bodies. I was the first to get up and said I am going for a dip in the lake to clean off. Soon we were all in the lake larking about and splashing water over one another.

We eventually got out of the lake and went back to the cabin and sat on the veranda again with a couple of bottles of wine. We were talking of our weekend and at some of the things that we had done. Anu said we should keep in touch and maybe we could meet up again for another weekend by the lake, or even somewhere else. To which we all agreed.

Ott and katre finally got up from their chairs and said that they really should be making a move as they had a way to drive home and they had work in the morning.

They went back to their cabin and put their bags in their car and we said goodbye, and hope to see you soon.

I am a little hungry said Armas, yes I could eat some fruit or something I replied. So Anu, T, Armas and I went back inside the cabin and we sat around eating and talking for a while.

Around 3.00pm we decided to go to bed for some sex, so off we went. We spent the next two hours in bed and had a really good session.

Then at about 5.30pm after a shower Anu and Armas said they should also be making a move as they also had to get home and ready for work the next day.

We did swap email addresses and telephone numbers and have been in contact a few times since. We have arranged to meet again very soon, all six of us. So we shall be looking forward to that.

We hope that you have enjoyed reading just one more of our experiences. I shall try and get T to post very soon. If she does, It will be about what she did on one of our nights out.

