Peeing at the Lake (Male Desperation)

25th May 2008, 05:51 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

I work a late job and on my way home last night, I felt my bladder filling up. I wasn't sure if I as going to make it home in time and none of the stores or restaurants in the area were opened.

I remembered the secluded lake that was down a back road on the way to my house, so I took a detour and sped down the back road. I did not want to soak my car seat and did not have anything to put under me. Otherwise, I would have just peed while driving.

I floored the gas pedal until the dark lake finally came into view. By now, I was squeezing my cock through my shorts to keep from wetting myself right there. I could see a few lanterns from late night fishermen on the other side of the take, but for the most part the lake was very dark. I knew I would have plenty of privacy.

I stopped my car, shut off the engine, and hopped out, still squeezing myself to keep from exploding in my shorts. I was also feeling a little randy, so I had an idea. After looking around again to make sure I was alone, I sat in the grass next to my car. The grass was damp and cool and since I was wearing shorts, it felt good on my legs. But not as good as what I was about to do next.

Pulling the leg of my shorts up, I eased my cock out of the side and pressed it gently against my thigh. Sighing, I released my bladder. The feeling of my warm piss leaking down my leg was amazing. I pushed and felt the hard spray against my thigh as the stream traveled down, caressed my upper leg, and fell silently to the damp grass.

When I was finished, I stood up and felt a few tiny trickles passing down my leg. I shook the last few drops off, hopped into my car, and drove home.

I think I just discovered my new way of pissing myself without wetting my clothes. I just did it again a few minutes ago on my back porch while wearing my boxer shorts and it felt so amazing that I think I'm going to go jerk off and get to bed.

