Visiting a college friend

9th April 2013, 06:38 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

This is total fiction, but it was inspired by an actual event today:

You called me up this afternoon to let me know you were nearby, staying in one of the nicer hotels on on the far side of town. We hadn't seen each other in at least a couple years.

We'd met in college, we shared a lot of the same friends and, while we dated a bit, we never let our relationship develop past the "good friends" point. But, perhaps things might have gone differently and we would have become lovers, had I not moved away right after school. You told me as much, one time, I think.

I'd only seen you a few times after that, was it three, or four? Twice I visited with you when I came back to the college town, once we met at a mutual friend's wedding, and didn't I run into you our first Christmas after graduation?

But, we'd stayed in touch, through emails, texts and phone calls almost every other week.

Today, after a visit to the hotel spa, a nearly-hour swim and then a sauna, you phoned me on your way back to the room. I'd been working outdoors most of the day, so I showered, changed and hurried over to see you. On the way over, I realized it would be three years in July since we'd last met. Had it really been THAT long?

You greeted me with a kiss, a long one that had me wondering how could I have let you get away. Stepping back to take a good look at you, I realized you hadn't changed one bit. Reaching forward to give you a closer hug, you pushed me back, saying in a stage whisper, "not now, I need to pee." I would have thought you'd have then simply excused yourself, but I caught a wild look in your eyes and knew you would have some fun.

I recalled the times when we went out, both with our friends and just the two of us, I never remember you getting up to pee. I'd never thought that much about it at the time, but some of those dates must have been ten, maybe twelve hours. Could you have possibly held so long? A small smile crept over my face as I pondered that.

I must have been lost in that most pleasant thought for at least a minute, but after I snapped out of it, I looked about the room. Seeing a wineglass, a half-opened bottle of white, along with another, this one red, and large a pitcher of water, with two goblets, my smile grew only bigger.

"What kind of a host am I," you blurted apologetically. "Wine or water?"

"Water will be fine," I replied. You handed me a tall glass, then poured another for you.

Over alternating glasses of water and wine, you asked me questions about what I'd done since school. I noticed you sat on the edge of your seat, at times twisting, as if to take away a discomfort somewhere.

You opened the second bottle. How rude of me not to offer, but I was preoccupied on watching you. Two glasses into the red, I could have sworn you were bouncing on the chair, as you were telling me just who was at that wedding and with whom. An hour had gone by, then most of another, as well the wine and most of the water, when I first saw you bring your hand to your crotch. Your voice was starting to sound strained, your fidgeting much more noticeable and you practically pleaded with me for the name of that quaint wine bar where the dozen of us college chums gathered after the reception.

My visit must have been good for you and done what was your intent. I detained you from the bath for a good two hours. But, finally it was inevitable and, looking most uncomfortable, you walked out of the room, into the bath and then squatted over the tub to release. From the sound of things, it must have come out all at once!

