The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Eight

13th May 2008, 08:57 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): Anna, Fred, Fatima and Maria, in pursuit of Clarissa's six-year old son Robert and their friend Janice of the flame-coloured hair, have made the mistake of stepping through an odd doorway they found in an unknown part of the House of LaRoche and are now Somewhere Else, unable to return.

###

The next day was spent mainly in walking, and this author shall therefore skip as much of it as is practical, for it bores him most dreadfully. By daylight, Fatima discovered an unknown type of bush which grew frequently beside the road and bore odd but edible berries of a bright purple colour; and though these were hardly the excellent breakfast they were used to at the House, they were welcome to four who had not eaten in an excessively long time, and the friends picked handfuls of them as they walked. The river they had slept beside, which the road, broadly speaking, ran parallel to, provided them with water; and for this, they were grateful as the day grew hotter.

At first, they walked upon the road, but around nine or ten of the clock (the hour being difficult to judge with no clocks about) they noticed someone coming toward them and, not knowing if he were hostile or no, hid themselves in the bushes until he should pass. He, for a man it was, turned out to be tall and clad in sandals and a tunic of some green fabric belted at the waist, and he walked with a staff of wood.

The skin of his arms and legs was exposed to the sun, but was nevertheless of a bright white such as the daughters of lords can only aspire to; as white, indeed, as a drowned corpse, though he seemed quite healthy and walked strongly, thought he did not hurry. His face was thin, with high cheekbones; his hair fair and shoulder-length; his ears ever so slightly pointed; and upon his back, protruding through two clever slits in his garment, were a pair of wings, though clearly too small to support him in flight. "A fairy-man!" Anna whispered as he passed, shocked. Maria shook her head in disbelief, but could offer no other explanation.

After this, they kept off the road, for fairies are known to have no love for humans; and in any case, the stone road was beginning to get too hot for bare feet to walk comfortably upon. Fatima, having been born beyond the sea, had not been told tales of fairies as a child, so Fred, Anna and Maria, though they still had trouble believing these stories could have any bearing upon their lives, passed the time in telling her those they knew; and almost all of these involved someone being stolen from away from his home, tricked into giving away all he had, or murdered by these malign but beautiful creatures.

As the day wore on, the road became more and more crowded with a great variety of fairy-folk. Some were small enough to sit cross-legged in the palm of Maria's tiny hand, had they desired, and these had brightly coloured wings that carried them about like man-shaped butterflies; but most were the size of children or larger, and land-bound, like the first.

Some were male and some were female and some were indeterminate; whether hermaphroditic or androgynous or of some third gender or of none at all was unclear. Some carried burdens upon their backs, or pulled them upon two-wheeled carts, or drove oxen or horses; and one drove a large flock of sheep, with the help of a black-and-white dog. They wore tunics, dresses of various lengths, trousers, shirts, armour and weapons, cloaks, shoes, boots, sandals, and loin-cloths; and some wore nothing at all, one of which caused Anna to giggle and remark that he could tear her in half &#8212; and feel a pleasant, tingly sensation in a salient part of her as a transparent and viscous liquid begin to make snail tracks down the insides of her legs.

By early afternoon, the four were less happy. Their feet were sore, both from continuous walking and from being scraped by twigs and rocks; they were hungry, and the berries were looking less and less appetizing; and the fairy stories were seeming less and less of a diversion when actual fairies were walking by them not ten feet away. They stopped for a rest, sitting upon an area of grass that was particularly free of twigs and rocks, and watched the fey walk by.

Anna had been holding in her water for some time now, because it often made a pleasant sensation, especially when much was released at once; and she was debating silently whether to let it out now, or to wait longer when Maria cried out, "Look!" Anna turned; above the trees in the direction they had been travelling were just visible the upper battlements of a castle, clearly a much larger one that that in Anna's home of Gwint. All four stared for a moment, then got up and began to walk again; and presently saw that the road led directly up to a gate in a large stone wall. The four stayed behind the last of the trees and looked.

The top of the castle was visible over the wall, and through the gate they could just see several houses, leading them to believe that the castle had a town in front of it. Four fey in leather armour, with swords and crossbows hanging at their belts, delayed the traffic, inspecting the carts and packs and collecting tolls before allowing the other fairies admittance. There was no possible way to enter here without being seen and, as the friends had no money for a toll and were not certain they wanted to risk the fairies seeing the in any case, they decided after a short discussion to continue around the wall, in hope of finding another way in to search for Janice.

Following this course, they soon discovered that the town wall connected to the castle, so that the castle, at the rear, opened directly outside by a small door of thick, metal-studded wood. The only people about, besides the four friends, were two bored-looking fey guards, clad similarly to those at the town gate, who leaned against the wall upon each side of the door. "Two guards, methinks, we can handle," Anna remarked. "I have a plan, based in part upon a fairy story I heard once."

"Wouldst attack two heavily armed men, unclothed, using a fairy story for guidance?" Fatima demanded scornfully.

"Now, now," Fred admonished, "if anyone can be reasonably expected to believe in fairy stories, it is a fairy. Methinks we ought, at least, to hear Anna's plan before condemning it."

***

Yan yawned, and adjusted his armour where it was cutting into his shoulder. He had, he believed, the most boring and worthless job in any world. All knew the dangers of the Lady's castle, of which Yan and his partner were but the least; only the suicidally insane would try to enter uninvited, and none such had ever appeared on Yan's watch in the 14 years he'd been a guard. Still, the pay got him through every week, with some to spare; he didn't know where else he could make so much doing nothing. He closed his eyes, just for a moment.

It was Tan's gasp that awakened Yan. Glancing about, he quickly saw what had interested his partner; two ladies had left the trees and were walking directly past the door. While not a threat to the castle, they were completely naked, and each had one hand moving rapidly between her thighs and another upon her breasts, and was moaning loudly as she walked. One had light brown skin and fair hair flowing down her back, and the other had black hair in a thick braid and skin the colour of mahogany; and to men of a race that produced flesh of a pure white, both seemed beautiful and exotic. The fair-haired one stopped what she was doing, sighed, and said to her companion in a voice that easily carried to Yan's ears: "It seems the water spirit spoke truth; I am so sorry I suggested we drink from his pool."

"Nonsense," the other panted, in a voice as loud as the first, "thou could not have known we would be cursed." She, too, gave up her exertions. "O, gods, I shall surely go mad."

Then, for the first time, the fair-haired one turned her head, and she saw the two guards. "Look, sister," she cried, "we are saved!" She stopped, and faced Yan and his partner. "My sister and I are cursed, noble sirs, to feel constant desire; a torture, I assure you, not to be equalled by the most fearsome device in any dungeon. If you are made as other men, know that only the wondrous appendage hidden in your trousers can abrogate this curse. If you have any scrap of chivalry in your hearts, I beg you to help us!"

Yan stared dumbly for a moment. This plea for help seemed too congenial to be believed; and Yan, a suspicious man by nature, therefore had trouble believing it. Tan, however, had no such reservations. "Certainly, we will aid you," Tan told the sisters, and it was the alacrity with which his partner removed his armour that convinced Yan. Nobody ever came near here, he reasoned, so nobody could know if the guards took a few pleasurable moments to aid some distressed young ladies &#8212; beautiful, distressed young ladies!

The fair-haired sister helped him to unclothe himself, tearing his underclothes a bit in her alacrity, then stared with widening eyes at the organ she had so desired, before quickly lying upon the grass, displaying herself before his eager gaze. Yan determined to tease her somewhat before giving it to her, and, kneeling between her eagerly spread legs, examined closely the treasures that peeked out of her mound of damp black fur. He breathed upon her, then licked the swollen nub, causing her to gasp and shiver slightly; she had a light but pleasant flavour. Now he stuck his tongue inside her, twisting it about like a worm, and was rewarded with a loud moan as Anna (for the reader has surely recognized her by now) began to writhe beneath him. Her scent intoxicated him and made him grow until it was painful, but she closed her legs behind his head, pressing him to her, her breasts rising and falling more quickly, so that he could not have left off even if he had desired to.

She became wetter surprisingly quickly, until it dribbled down Yan's beard. Presently, she cried out, and jerked, and squeezed his head tightly into herself; and at the same time, Anna released that water she had been holding, spraying it forcefully into Yan's nose so that he feared for just a moment that he might suffocate. He pulled away from her in shock, but as he did, this new secretion entered his mouth, and he found that, shocking as it was, he also enjoyed this flavour; so much so that he pressed his mouth against its source, swallowing it as it came, even though he choked.

When it was gone, unable to stop himself longer, Yan crawled forward until he stared down into Anna's eyes; he kissed her upon the mouth, their tongues dancing together, then he lowered himself inside her. Her tunnel was smooth and warm, soft and wet, and embraced his swollen member tightly. They both gasped at the pleasure it produced. He wrapped his arms around her but lifted his loins, then pressed himself more deeply into her and, breaking off their kiss, moaned loudly.

Now he rose and fell, and she rose to meet him each time, and the joyous sensations filling that bit of him inside her and overflowing into the rest of his body made him forget everything save her. Her nipples pressed against his chest each time they came together. He wanted this to continue forever, but still wanted it to terminate as quickly as possible; and this indecision was solved for him as he felt the pleasure rising to a peak. And then, he pressed himself as far inside her as was possible as he felt his explosion throughout his body, as he spewed his seed four times within her, and he collapsed across he body, and lay still leaking within her.

