February Reality Party

7th March 2011, 06:54 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Our February Reality party was held on March 5th. Don't ask me why it was called the February party if it was held in March, I did not schedule this one. Hopefully it means there will be a March marty later this month. We can only hope!

Before I actually begin I wan't to clear up some confusion about names used in my reports. I mix the names up so there is no posibility of anyone ever actually identifying the actual couples involved. Mary and Bill in one episode may be Sean and Sara in the next. The reason is the couples in our group are like Josh and myself - we do NOT want to be identified. One exception is the Marylin character. Shes such a unique person. Other names used are composits of actual friends blended together. With todays job situation being what it is none of our friends needs any problems. Our friends arent aware we blog about our parties.

I'm sure the professional authors have some way of manufacturing fictional characters with perminant names. I'm strictly an amateur here and I don't know how to do that.

OK, the Febuary Party:

The invitation arrived three weeks before the Party itself. Josh and I changed plans for the past weekend in order to attend the party. During the party we all agreed to schedule future parties well in advance, so as to aid in planning. This party was at the home of Marylin and Paul, an older couple in their 50's. Marylin is in education, Bill is a lawyer. They reside in a large 1930's Tudor style home in one of Clevelands more afluent neighborhoods. Including Josh and myself, 5 couples enjoyed the evening together.

Everyone arrived by 7:00 PM . Most couples were dressed rather casually in dress slacks and shirts. None of the male guests wore ties even tho we all knew Paul would be wearing one. Marylin of course wore one of her buisness suits and a white silk blouse. I wore dress slacks and a dress blouse with a black blazer. Josh convinced me to wear heels since we had no snow or ice for a change. Everyone brought the usual 'travel bag' with sweats, towels, shower supplies and so forth.

As soon as the last couple arrived we enjoyed a glass of wine ( I passed on the wine, you all know why by now) followed by a wonderfull meal prepared by both our hosts. Cooking together is their hobby (well one of them anyway). They have a large kitchen (marble countertops) and two convection ovens and a six burner commercial stove. Despite the modern kitchen somehow everything blends in with the period home. It's something like you see on TV. Despite all this Paul and Marylin are fun loving and easy going people, much like a favorite aunt and unkle might be.

During dinner Marylin proudly explained she recently bought something which she felt might be usefull for our parties. She smilingly refused to tell us what it was. Paul told us they came up with a new scenerio for tonights party. The whole evening was to be a drinking contest which they had contrived. The 'key' to the contest was to consume 100%, without spilling anything. Immediately I told myself this was going to be so easy. I felt so confident despite not hearing all the details. After dinner all the couples found their way upstairs to one of the 5 bedrooms to change to their usual party garb - sweats and shower shoes. Josh and I changed into our favorite outfits too, our birthday suits. We no longer feel akward being naked while the others are dressed, I have to admit it I secretly enjoy it.

When we arrived in the basement rec room we saw the floor had been completely covered in plastic. In the middle of the room were four chairs, old chrome kitchen chairs with yellow vynal seats and backs. The chairs were arriaged with the backs to the outside. They were set up in a staggard fashon, much like a chessboard. At one end was a round plastic wastebasket placed upside down on the floor topped with a small pillow covered in plastic.

It was easy to see the plan, obviously someone would lay down on the chairs while their head protruded from the end, supported by the wastebasket /pillow arrangement. Paul demonstrated how we would be taking turns laying on the chairs. The chair height allowed our partner to straddle our head while leaving their feet on the floor. This reminded me of a facesitting position which I recently saw in a movie.

Before Paul could get up off the chairs Christie yelled out "first". I thought I'd seen her squirm a bit during dinner and now I knew I had been right. Her husband Bret took off his sweatshirt and got into position on the chairs. Christie removed her sweat bottoms and backed into position over his face. As soon as they were in contact she started to pee, Bret started to swallow but she gave him to much at once and he gagged a bit and gasped for air. His mouth overflowed and pee ran down on the floor. I wondered how I would do when my turn came. It took several minutes for her to finish, Much was spilled as she and Bret were unable to achieve a satisfactory rythem or swallowing and breathing. Drinking anything while laying on your back is never easy, even when you control the amount in your own mouth.

Almost before they were done, my very own husband Josh begged to go next. I froze in terror immagining I'd would never keep up with him. I assumed the position and he backed into position. he looked me directly in the eye and gave me one of those looks reserved strictly for couples in which some secret message is converyed. Imediately I relaxed knowing what was to come, Josh released his stream, not his usual stream but a smaller, lower pressure stream. Somehow he knew how much I could swallow at once. I remember thinking to myself so far so good, if only i could keepthis up, breath, swallow, breathe, swallow, breast swallow. My hand was on his butt.

Somehow I immagined I was passing on a secret signal to him of how much to give me through my hand on his butt. After what seemed like 10 minutes (which I later learned was about 2 minutes) my whold body relaxed. We had found the rythem that worked for us. My hand relaxed and I took it off his butt. I was reallyrelaxed now. Breathe, swallow, breathe, swallow. It was easy now. So east i decided to movemy idle hand to his testicles, sort of as a reward for his performance.

As soon as I made contact and cuped them he let go, full force for about 2 seconds, he immediately regained control but I knew it was to late, the gag was on its way and there was nothing I could do to stop it. My mouth spit urine like a fountain, drenching his "package and my offending hand. I actually laughed in concert with the audience!. Josh stopped his stream till i recovered and we began again but i could not get it right. I was off with my rythem. It took another two minutes for him to finish with his now restricted flow.

As soon as we were finished Brittany and Micha took their turn. Micha got naked, Brittany only took off her sweatshirt. When they were finished they switched positions after she took off the shirt. She did much better than I did.

One other couple took their turn, and like us they couldnt get it right. Much laughter and leakage occured but it was great fun watching them. Soon Marylin took position over Paul. He did fairly well. I wondered why the guys do better than the women. When Marylin 's turn came she got on the chairs fully dressed. Paul asked of anyone else wanted to help him do the honors. As he began soaking her clothing, Jareed stepped up and helped him. Paul's stream was considerable weaker than Jarred's and Jarred finished long before Paul.

It took us over 90 minutes to get through the first session and by now we had a backup waiting to go. I volunteered for a group session. As you know I dont like pee in my hair, but Josh was the first to take direct aim at my face. Josh stood at my head, and Bret stood on my right side and also aimed for my face. Brittany sprayed my breasts and vagina. I loved it.

We dried off enough to have desert about 11:30 and went abck down for one last session. We decided to treat our hostess this time so she positioned herself on the chairs for a group pee. We all dried off and got into our sweats before heading home. I looked quite ragged with my previously wet hair all scrambled. I was not surprised when Josh stopped at a McDonalds for coffee, but, I was surprised as he pulled into a parking place and said "were going in" for coffee. I saw peolle looking at me,a nd wondered what they thought. They could not possible immagine why I looked so badly on the outside and felt to good on the inside, I could hardly drink my coffee in anticipation of getting home. Unfinished business was on my mind for sure.

More next time,

