The Chronicles of LaRoche, Chapter Seven

3rd May 2008, 08:16 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Our story thus far (click here for the full version): During a search for Clarissa's lost son Robert, Anna has been all but raped by Geoffery before being rescued by Fred; and Janice, it would appear, has discovered something useful.

###

Fred sat up, lifting Anna with him as she had been lying upon him. "What is this of Janice?" he demanded. For answer, Fatima handed him a note written upon thin paper with her right hand, while her left was busy in its customary location between her thighs. He held it where both he and Anna could read it. Neither had seen Janice's handwriting before; this was an untidy scrawl, as of one not much interested in elegance:

{{My Friends,

I believe that I have found the way in which Robert and others like him have gone. You must come with all haste. LaRoche is not what he seems.

J.}}

"'LaRoche is not what he seems'?" Anna enquired. "LaRoche has never seemed any way to me, for I have never met him. What can Janice have meant by that?" She rose, the secretions of Fred's joy and her own beginning to run down the insides of her thighs.

Maria appeared around a corner of the hallway, followed by an elderly man who wore upon his brow the purple ribbon that marked those in service to LaRoche. His skin was wrinkled and his head and chest displayed roughly equal quantities of thin, gray hair; and a worm-like fifth limb flapped bonelessly between his legs in a manner Anna had never before seen save in men who had but recently achieved that highest of pleasures which she had just shared with Fred. "Ah, here is Anna and Fred together," Maria informed this fellow; and to Anna: "I see that thou hast been engaged in work of substance while we searched for thee. Canst join us now?"

"Of course," Fred responded, scrambling to his feet and putting an arm about Anna's shoulders.

"Where is Janice?" Anna asked.

"Marcus," Fatima responded, gesturing at the servitor, "brought her missive. I assume thou canst take us back to where she gave it thee?"

"If my lady desires it." Marcus bowed slightly, then led the four friends back the way he had come; they went up three flights of stairs, emerging upon the sixth level of the House, and then through a series of turns so convoluted and through corridors so constant in size and decoration that Anna doubted her ability to find the way back. But presently, the corridor widened, and then terminated at a pair of double doors, of dark wood and ornamented with a delicate bas relief of vines growing up their surface.

They were closed, with only the faintest of cracks to show where one door ended and the other began; and there was neither handle nor knocker upon either. "I encountered the lady, your friend, here," Marcus informed them, though there was nobody else about. "She said her way lay that way," he added, gesturing to the vine-covered doors, "but I am sorry to say I know not what is behind those doors, nor knew an hour ago that they existed, though I have been in service forty years; the House has a way of surprising even those who think they know its every crack and crevice. Shall there be anything else, my ladies, my lord?"

Receiving a negative answer, Marcus bowed once more and quietly withdrew; while Fred went to examine the doors, expecting to have some difficulty in opening them. He was surprised, therefore, when the first light touch of his fingers caused the right door, which now appeared to be at least three inches thick and ought to have been quite heavy, to move slowly inward by several inches. Encouraged, Fred pushed slightly harder, so that the door crashed back against the wall inside with a noise that caused him and Anna to jump, and Maria to cry out in alarm.

But, after several seconds during which nothing more inauspicious occurred, Fatima stepped into the portal, glanced around, then continued forward, followed by Fred, Anna and, after a slight hesitation, Maria. They came into a large and well-appointed sitting-room, with candles in several wall sconces giving off a warm, pleasant light, a carpet of blue and orange upon the floor and chairs and couches of various types scattered and grouped about. (Anna sat upon one of these, a large thing covered in a greenish, woolly stuff, and giggled at the feel of it upon a certain, sensitive part of her; she got up again, leaving the fabric notably stained.)

But the most intriguing aspect of the room was yet another door, to their left as they came in. To be strictly accurate, there was no door; only a doorway of luminous white stone, entirely out of place in the sitting-room, with more vines similar to those upon the outer door carved thereon. There was an odd space between it and the wall, so that there was some question as to whether it was in any way attached; and, indeed, when Fatima found a more normal door nearby, she discovered that the white doorway did not open into the room behind that wall.

But the most interesting characteristic of it was that, although Anna was certain they had climbed to the sixth floor of the House, the door opened onto the ground; indeed, it opened into a clearing in a wood such as Anna was certain did not exist anywhere in the area, illuminated by a setting sun although she had thought it was only a little past noon.

A road of the same white stone, cut in slabs and fitted smoothly together, ran from the doorway and disappeared in the shadows among the trees. And, while our four friends marvelled at this, each suggesting that another go through first, the sound of horses was heard from somewhere off to the right; and, in a moment, two of those creatures came at a gallop onto the road, pulling behind them a cart of unpainted wood with a driver upon it. The rear of the cart had iron bars attached to it and over it, making of it a cage, and within the cage were a brown-haired lad of no more than four years and a lady with flaming-red hair, both naked as jaybirds. The lady looked up for a moment as the cart sped away along the road, and her face was Janice's.

Maria was through the doorway before she thought, running after the cart as fast as she could, her large breasts bouncing up and down; but a young lady, even a lithe young lady, unencumbered by clothing, who exercises frequently, is no match for a pair of horses should it come to a race, and the cart quickly outdistanced Maria. She slowed and stopped, staring after the cart, her brown hair blowing about, though Anna felt no breeze; then turned, and her eyes widened as she looked back toward her friends. "Fatima?" she called out. "Anna? Where did you go?"

Puzzled, Anna replied, "We are still here, Maria." But Maria only became more agitated; she looked about in every direction, then rushed back to the door and peered through it, directly into Fatima's face, before turning to her right and disappearing from view. "Maria!" Anna called, then stepped through the doorway and called "Maria!" again.

"Anna!" Maria ran back and clasped her friend to her bosom. "Where wast thou? And Fatima, and Fred?"

"We were right &#8212;" Anna turned, and paused. "&#8212; there," she finished weakly, staring at the doorway.

It stood alone and empty in the centre of the road, which went on beyond it. There was no evidence of Fred or Fatima or even the House of LaRoche, which she had just left. "Gods!" Anna swore. "One cannot see back the other way when once one has come to this side! Fred, Fatima, do not step forward, else you also shall be trapped &#8212;" (she paused and glanced about) "&#8212; wherever it is that we are."

Anna walked around the empty doorway, but it appeared equally empty from the other side; she stepped through it, but found herself back where she had begun. She was beginning to fear that she and Maria might never find their way home, and thought she would presently scream, when a right hand appeared out of the air in the centre of the doorway, followed quickly by the person of Fatima, whose left arm, pointing back through the doorway, appeared to terminate just above the wrist. "Canst see me now?" she asked.

"Yes," said Anna, "save for thy left hand which..."

"Is holding Fred's," Fatima finished her friend's sentence. "We hope in this manner to avoid being trapped. Come, take my hand and Maria's, and mayhap we can guide you back."

This seemed to be excellent advice; but, when the two young ladies followed it, Fred appeared suddenly, standing in the middle of the road upon the far side of the door, holding Fatima's hand. Anna quickly let go of Fatima, but all four friends remained standing upon the road through the forest in the last rays of the setting sun. Fred cursed loudly when he discovered this, and the friends spent several minutes walking at the portal from various directions and passing through it in various manners in the hope of returning to the House of LaRoche, but to no avail.

"Look you," Fred remarked presently, "it seems we are trapped here, wherever here is; but, we were searching for Clarissa's son, and, although the lad in the cart was not him, I believe that we have happened upon the correct path. I also believe that we must find and rescue Janice; to do otherwise would be to betray a friend. Therefore, I propose that we leave the question of how to get home until some later time; and since it will soon be too dark to travel, I suggest that we wait until tomorrow and then follow this road as far as we can."

Maria was, at first, in favour of beginning upon the road immediately, but she was the only one and was persuaded against this path. And, so, though none was tired, the four looked about for for some place to wait out the night, which by this time was beginning to get quite black. The sound of water could be heard nearby and, following it, they came upon a narrow creak bordered by a sward of soft grass; and so they had both an area where they could sit or recline without injury, and a source of fresh water, though as Anna remarked, something to eat would not have gone amiss.

"Well," said Fatima, "if we cannot eat and cannot continue our our search, I for one intend some diversion of a sort I have not had in some time, one which is almost as vital to me as food and which I have not had for some hours. Surely I cannot be the only one present who feels the need for this within her loins." She knelt and her companions heard her drinking copiously from the stream, then said: "Well, is this to be a solo excursion into the realms of pleasure? I do so abhor those."

Anna had visited this location but recently, together with Fred; but the noises Fatima made after this made her desire to go again, and the sound of the water running by made her notice an amount of water within herself that, until now, had been but a minor encumbrance. She followed Fatima's example, drinking several large handfuls of the water, and heard beside her the sound of someone else doing the same. Then, she felt about her upon the ground and discovered a foot, and a leg, covered with soft, feminine flesh.

And this sensation caused her to begin to leak that gently scented love-juice with which women perfume their lower regions when they know desire. She followed the leg to its softly-furred source and pushed aside the hand that was busy there and buried her face in that place, feeling with her tongue the familiar nub and cavity which she had so often seen and tasting the mildly sweet secretion that came from thence. "Mm..." moaned Fatima's voice from nearby as Anna began to lick more rapidly, "O yes, this is perfect, do it thus!" And so she continued, pausing but briefly when she felt another tongue upon her own saturated orifice, and a tickling as of whiskers upon the rear of her thigh.

"O, gods," she murmured &#8212; or, tried to, as the sound was muffled in Fatima's fur. But Fred must have understood, for his tongue continued upon the same place, and that combined with the feminine flavour of Fatima made Anna forget all else. Vaguely, she heard Maria's voice gasping, a sound almost as familiar to her as the friend's face, and knew that something pleasant must be happening to that young lady as well; but the waves of pleasure emanating from that tongue, which had shifted slightly and was now moving in and out of her, were overpowering, and constantly rising in intensity.

She gasped into Fatima's cavity, her breasts falling to brush against the grass, which sent another thrill through her entire body, and she screamed as the ultimate joy made her back arch and her body shudder and her bladder release a strong stream of more strongly-scented liquid into her lover's mouth; and then, she fell face-first into that part of Fatima that she had been so busily devouring but a moment before, and for a moment, nothing at all existed.

But after a moment, she came to herself and began again to minister to the dusky-skinned beauty, now using her fingers upon the sensitive love-button while her tongue entered the soft but muscular cavern beneath. Fred, for his part, had paused only long enough to substitute for his tongue a similar but longer organ and, kneeling behind her, was still busy within her lower mouth, even as her water continued to flood from her and drool down his legs.

And now, Fatima gasped louder than before, and she thrust her loins upward, temporarily shoving Anna's nose inside her, her scream somehow muffled; Anna's face was suddenly soaked, and she opened her mouth, accepting a salty spate within and swallowing some, choking, as the rest dripped off her nose and her nipples and into the grass. A loud scream as of a wounded animal rent the air, but Anna had heard Maria finishing too often to be daunted; and in any case she had difficulty concentrating upon anything other than the increasingly joyful sensations emanating from her loins, stronger that they had got before, as Fred continued to probe her deeply, his organ expanding to stretch her.

She returned her mouth to its former location, sucking this time, saturated fur tickling her nose, more water occasionally filling her mouth as that tiny geyser dribbled to a halt; and she pushed backward into Fred, filling herself with him, gasping and moaning between sucks and swallows. And then, the joy became too much to bear, and she yelled again, and shuddered, her mouth coming off Fatima, held in place for a moment by that skewer which seemed to go right through her; then, Fred cried out, and she felt him jerk within her and begin to fill her with his own viscous secretion as he collapsed on top of her, knocking her forward off her knees so that her face was pressed against Fatima's belly.

She felt it but indistinctly, even when another spasm ran through her friend, who cried out as Anna's breast rubbed her lower down. For quite a while, all lay inert; Anna was brought partially to herself when the spear within her, slowly unhardening, began to release into her the water Fred had drunk; but even with this pleasant, incontinent sensation, Anna saw no reason to move. And so, she slowly fell asleep in that position, sandwiched betwixt two friends, Fred's yellow nectar dribbling quietly out of her between Fatima's legs.

