Ladies Day - The journey

28th July 2014, 02:24 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

Right, my last story was poor I think because I tried too hard and as a poster correctly pointed out, it was highly unrealistic so I'm gonna try and redeem myself.

Ascot Racecourse in Liverpool is one of the oldest racecourses in the UK and hosts some of the most prestigious events in the UK. One of those is Ladies Day, where women wear silly hats, dress up very smart and have a flutter on the horses.

In an event like this and women being women, the competition is fierce as the Ladies compete with each other to see who not only looks the best but also who's hat is the most extravagant.

Women the length and breadth the UK come to this event to watch the horses, have a bet and get drunk.

Zoe was getting married in 2 weeks time to her dream man, her bridesmaids Kelly, Charlotte and Katie had decided a day out at Ascot was the venue for the Hen party. They invited an entourage of 16 of their best friends, all of whom were very smartly dressed in figure hugging dresses. The girls were from Newcastle, people there are affectionately known as Geordies, these people are known for their fun loving easy going nature.

They had hired a minibus and a driver for the 3 hour journey from Newcastle to Liverpool, as they borded at 8am, the first girls instantly noticed that there wasn't a toilet, they didn't need to go, but they figured they might at some point, especially as they had bought 8 bottles of wine to share between the 20 girls on the journey.

One of the bridesmaids, Charlotte, made it known to the driver that they'll need to stop at one of the services on the way for a refreshment. The Driver agreed and of they went to Ascot, 20 girls ready to get absolutely drunk and have the day of their lives. The wine was flowing, even the champagne bottle started to get drunk. The Girls were having a lot of banter.

35 minutes in and Claire, a petite brunette, announced that she needed a wee, a couple of the other girls agreed as they could feel the pressure build up in there bladders. The first services came up at Caterick and the bus pulled into them, the problem at this point only a few of the girls needed to pee, the wine hadn't reached most of the girls bladders as yet. 5 of the girls, led by a now desperate

Claire, entered the ladies and as it was early in the day still, all of the cubicles were free. All 5 girls, feeling a bit tipsy from the wine, all got into a cubicle, Claire having to hold her crotch as she locked the door, pulled down there panties and emptied there bladders. Feeling relieved they all returned to the mini-bus but having broken the seal.

Whilst the girls were having a pee, the other girls contemplated if they should just take a precautionary pee, they were not desperate but considered playing it safe...Before a decision was made the girls came rushing back onto the mini-bus.

So back onto the road they went, the road was relatively clear and they were making good progress, they were only 15 minutes back onto the road when Zoe, the Hen, was starting to feel a rapidly filling bladder. «We should have gone to the Loo back there» She said to Charlotte «I really need s wee now»...»I'm starting to need a wee as well Zoe» replied Zoe...A few of the other girls were also crossing there legs. «Ladies» asked Charlotte «Are any of you lasses need a pee like»...The response was a universal yes. Charlotte leant over to ask the driver «We need to stop at the next services driver, a few of us need to pee»

«Why didn't yous all go when I stopped earlier» The Driver growled

«Sorry, but a few us didn't need to go then but the wine has gone through us, she giggled to try and make light of the situation»

«OK, I'll stop but I warn you the next services is at Barton Park and it's very small and dingy, I bet the Ladies has only one toilet cos it's used so small, that's 10 minutes away like but if you wait another 20 minutes I can get you to Weatherby Services...that's clean and spacious plus it'll save us time because you ladies will be queuing for ever at Barton Park»

«Can you wait 20 minutes?» Charlotte asked the girls...The response was positive although Yvette, a 36 year old brunette in a very tight Blue dress, announced out loud «Oh I'm bloody bursting»

So the girls waited for Weatherby services which they were told was 20 minutes away, the 5 girls who had pee'd earlier were needing to go again, the bus was silent as all 20 girls concentrated on their full bladders. «Zoe, I'm absolutely dying to wee» said Kelly.. «Mate, if there's a queue for the toilet, I'm gonna wee myself» replied Zoe.

Another of the entourage, 23 year old Lisa, overheard the pair, «I think everyone on this bus is bursting, I know I am, We're gonna have to race each other for the loos».

For the next 15 minutes, the girls tried to make small talk to keep their minds of there bladders but the conversation always ended up talking about the state of there need to pee.

«Ever wet yourself» asked Kelly to anyone who was willing to answer the question «and I don't mean as a kid, I mean recently» each girl paused for thought, to be honest, it was the last thing they wanted to think about «Yes» answered Katie «I had been clubbing at Bambu, I had needed to wee but I was talking to this guy for ages, anyway as I was about to go, it was closing time, so I didn't get chance...anyways for some reason, they locked the public loo in the Bigg Market...I didn't admit my need to Nathan and we went for a kebab at Toon takeaway, having to queue and stay still, well I couldn't stand still, I was proper Bursting like, I'm sure others new I needed to go, anyway we got our food and to my dismay, he wanted to sit on a bench outside and eat before we caught a taxi, so we sat down and I immediately crossed my legs, I was very drunk and really fancied this guy, if it was just me on my own, I'd have popped a squat.

Anyways, We sat there for what seemed like ages, I was literally pissing myself now, he kissed me and said let's get a taxi back to his, at this point, I couldn't hide it, when I got up, I felt a drop come out of me, I Immediately crossed my legs and held myself, by the way I'm so close to holding myself now, He asked me what was wrong, did I need to pee? I had to admit I was dying, I was drunk and bursting to pee. Where do you want to go, he asked, do you want to go behind them bins? He pointed at some bins across the street. I nodded and attempted to walk with him but before I knew it, I felt more pee come out of me and I had to stop again.

At this point, I went bright red, This fit lad was seeing me start to pee myself plus there were lots and lots of people around, all could tell I was desperate. Anyway, Come on said Nathan and he picked me up, my skirt flapped down and my panties were on show with a wet spot clearly visible which was so embarrasing, I could have died right then like, anyways he then picked me up and ran with me towards the alleyway but as he did he was jolting me up and down and I just couldn't keep it in, I was leaking, I could feel it, I'd never been so desperate before, we got to the bins and placed me down behind them, but bless him, he was to forceful and I just couldn't hold on, I just exploded through my knickers, behind the bins. The relief was unbelievable, just like this pee will be haha, but thankfully, no one except him saw it, we haven't seen each other since»

Just as Katie finished her story, The mini-bus pulled into Weatherby services, to the thrill of all 20 girls on the bus, the Driver parked up but at least 250m from the services. Right Girls, here we are, be no longer than 20 minutes OK.

The girls were to busy worrying about the pressure from the pent up urine screaming to get out to be concerned at what he said and they made their way desperately towards the services. 20 hot women, all in tight dresses, hobbled there way towards the toilets they so desperately craved. Hannah, a 19 year old Brunette, was fighting so hard to keep her twitching pee muscles shut «Gots to pee, gots to pee, fuck I need a pee» she chanted to herself.

The girls, led by the Zoe entered the services and made a beeline for the toilets. The weatherby services are very busy as it's used by 3 main motorway routes, The A1(M), the M69 and M1 and a lot of people stop here for a pit stop.

Even though it was early in the morning at 9am, there was a queue for the ladies, not a long one, about 4 girls deep, Zoe was first one to reach the back of the queue, really struggling to keep her panties dry, she was followed by Katie, poor Hannah was so desperate, that she was slow in getting to the toilets and joined the queue last.

For any Pee Desperation enthusiast this would have been one hell of a sighting. All of the girls pee danced, crossing legs from left to right, somehow staying dry. Hannah at the back and 2 fingers firmly pressed on her pussy now, The girl in front was Gina, also young at 21, Gina turned around to Hannah «I'm going to piss myself», just as Gina said that, a massive wave of pressure hit her, pee surged down towards her quivering pee hole but she slammed it shut «Oh my god, I nearly lost it then, oh know» she said.

The front of the desperation train was now in the toilets themselves, Zoe spotted 5 cubicles and plenty of sinks «I'm considering the sink» giggled Zoe to Katie «Me too» agreed Katie, as she rubbed her bladder which was a rock inside her.

Back down the queue, Claire, who had pee'd earlier and broke the seal, was beside herself with desperation, she spotted the disabled toilet, sitting there, possibly the greatest sight she could have wished for, she made a break from the line towards the toilet, she yanked on the door but it wouldn't budge, she read the sign «Key needed, please ask member of staff for key», she lost concentration at this devastating news and a hot jet of pee blasted out of her soaking her purple cotton panties. She grabbed her crotch hard and as she made her way back towards the line.

A couple of the girls, now uncontrollably pee dancing, there bladders easily visible protruding in there tight dresses quipped «Why, do you think we didn't try that toilet, mate?» Claire shook her head and went to go back in line «Haha where do you think your trying to go?, you left the line plus you've been for a piss already, you have to go to the back» Claire argued with a girl called Emma, the girl was adamant Claire couldn't get back in line «Please please please, I've started to wee Emma, let me get back in» Emma's own bladder pulsed and screamed inside her, her pussy ached and she longed to just pee and pee. Her selfishness was motivated by her own severe desperation.

As the line moved forward a couple of steps, Poor Claire couldn't hold it any longer, as she grabbed Emma, pleading with her to go back in line, She burst, her panties bulged as Pee came flooding and hissing out of her tortured pussy, Claire knelt down in a heap as she continued to piss, she started to cry, men walked past her on their way to the gents and took a second look as they did. The girls in front looked round to see what the commotion was and what met their eyes was Claire pissing away, that sight was not needed, a couple of the girls had to thrust their hands under there skirts and hold there tiring crotches. It was every girl for herself in this situation, zero sympathy was given to poor Claire.

At the very front, Zoe and Katie were tantalizingly close to the pee they so craved, «I'll jump in with you Zoe» said Katie...»I'll let you pee first»...Zoe agreed, after 5 mins in the queue they were now they were the next ones to use the loo.

The door unlocked, the girl came out and both Zoe and Katie flew into the toilet, quick as a flash, Zoe had her skirt up and pink panties down and was on the loo exploding into the toilet in seconds, her face a picture of ecstacy

As other cubicles became free, the girls behind were now also releasing there desperate pent up pee's. Katie, Actually realizing at this point that she could have peed sooner if she didn't share with Zoe, Held back an almighty urge to pee, giggled as she seen Zoe's pink panties, Zoe looked too what she was giggling at, «haha oh yeah, I couldn't hold it, man I've never needed a piss so badly» I small wet spot was visible on her panties.

«I know what you mean» smiled Katie as she lifted her dress up revealing her panties to Zoe. There was a large wet spot, about the size of a 50p piece...»I've pissed myself as well» laughed Katie, as she said that, another jet of pee escaped her twitching pee hole and was clearly visible to a still peeing Zoe, who seemed to be a little shocked by her friends lack of control «Hurry up Zoe» said Katie as she crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch. Zoe, was still peeing but she was coming to the end of her pee, she clamped it off and vacated the toilet for Katie.

Poor Katie didn't have time to pull her panties down, she pulled her gusset to the side stood over the loo and let go, gasping as she did so «OH MY GOD» she shouted out loud «GREATEST PISS EVER». Zoe laughed hard at her friend, at least the 2 girls were making light of the predicament they were in.

Whilst this was going on, 13 girls, all busting to pee waited there turn, Poor Claire, had ran off back to the mini-bus in tears having socked her panties. Gina and Hannah the youngest and last 2 girls in the line had taken the unusual step of cuddling each other for comfort, both girls had never needed to pee so badly. A woman, who had joined the queue behind them asked them what was wrong «We need to go wee so badly, We don't think we can hold it» Announced Gina.

As the queue jolted forward again, a man, in his 20s was on his way to the gents as he walked past Emma, he stopped «You look like I'll be buying you breakfast» He said, inside Emma laughed, it wasn't a bad chat up line to be fair «Oh really» she smiled, «at least let me pee first» Just then she was forced to curtsey...»You look like you need to go pretty bad» he said «You have no fucking idea how bad» Emma grimaced...Come on, said the man «Come use the gents» he offered his hand, normally Emma wouldn't have considered it, but she had to pee so badly, her pussy ached, she was on the verge. She took it and they entered the gents.

The other girls seen this and racked by desperation all stormed there way into the gents. Emma was already in a cubicle, she had had a brief dribble with anticipation as she entered the cubicle but she sat on the loo and released a firehose, The other 2 free cubicles were soon taken and desperate pent up pees were released...a couple of other girls, who were just a bit late, witnessed the toilet doors slam in their faces, one of them, Colette, lost control for a couple of seconds, pee shooting out and splashing on the floor, to the ironic cheers of a couple of men, who were enjoying the show, they were certainly enjoying the sound of 3 girls pissing hard into the toilet.

Colette desperately looked around, for other options as she did, Hannah and Gina stormed in, both with hands deep in there crotches, pulled there panties to one side, hiked up there dresses and exploded into the urinals. The man, who had let Emma into the gents, looked at Gina transfixed, her face a picture of orgasmic pleasure, as was Hannah's...both girls had wet there knickers as pee continued to spurt out of them as they ran to the urinals.

Colette wasted no time and quickly pulled her panties to the side and squatted over a urinal, «Oh wow wow wow wow wow» she exclaimed.

Men coming in and out of the gents were gobsmacked to be met with such a sight, As Emma exited the cubicle, the man who helped her in was waiting for her «Better», he laughed «I could kiss you right now» said Emma «You've saved my life, I was seconds away from wetting myself» As other girls finished peeing, they sheepishly excited the gents, some with damp panties but now extremely relieved.

«How about that breakfast» flirted the man, Emma laughed «I've got to get back on my bus, we're heading to Ascot, thanks for the offer though and thank you again for letting me use the mens, fuck me I was fit to burst»

«Haha no problem, couldn't walk past a damsel in distress without helping her out, right?» He smiled «What's your name anyway?»

«Oh it's Emma» Emma deep down was quite chuffed that he wanted to talk to her «Hi Emma, my name is Paul, I guess I'll see you around» And with that Paul offered his hand to shake it, Emma took it and was met with a piece a paper and a phone number, she looked up at Paul who smiled and walked away. Emma chuckled and made her way back to the bus, where everyone was waiting for her...Overall they'd been well over half an hour and the driver was not happy.

The bus pulled out of the car park and on their way to Ascot. Claire was still sobbing, the only girl to have totally pee'd herself. Emma felt particularly bad «Claire, I'm so so sorry but I was desperate, I wasn't thinking clearly» Claire was very upset, she'd been humiliated, she just ignored everyone, she was very upset, she'd never wet herself before.

«Look Claire, If it makes you feel any better, none of us made the loo without weeing ourselves a little» Explained Zoe.

Katie, tried to break the tension that was slightly building by picked up the wine «Come on Ladies, we're here to get pissed, holding up a full bottle of wine as she did so» All the ladies, quickly got back into the spirit of the day, even Claire who was now commando for the day.

An hour had past, the previous hour was drinking games and truth or dare they even told each other weird sex stories that there partners had asked them to do, it was all getting rowdy, they were only 30 minutes from Ascot now, they were all pretty drunk, they had drank all the 8 bottles of wine but there was a problem.

«Fuck I have to pee like a racehorse again» exclaimed Zoe, the pressure had been building up again for the last 30mins or so «Glad someone else has mentioned it cos I'm bursting again» Said Charlotte, This has become the trip from hell...what is in that wine» she laughed.

But having broken the seal on their pit stop earlier, the need smashed the girls almost immediately, they seemed to go from a 2/10 to a 9/10 in minutes.

«Driver, we all absolutely dying to go for a wee again, can you pull over so we can go, we don't care if it's the bushes we have to pee» Asked Zoe...»NOW» came a voice from the back.

The Driver «Look we are 20/25 minutes from your destination, I can't afford another delay, you're all just gonna have to hold it»

On hearing denial, Zoe's bladder jolted, her Sphincter muscles, tired from the earlier hold, couldn't hold back and a hot jet of pee blasted into her panties. «Oh no, oh no» Zoe squeeled as she inspected her panties

«Look man, I don't know who you think you are, I am absolutely fucking desperate for a piss to the point where I have pissed my pants a bit»...Zoe was forced to pause as another huge wave overtook her and another jet dribbled out of her...

Every other girl on the mini-bus was in a very bad way, every girl was so desperate to pee that any lack of concentration would mean the end.

«Ok, I'll find a spot for you all» Said the driver

«Thankyou so much» exclaimed Katie...Zoe was now too desperate to talk.

Katie shouted to the group «He's going to pull over» A big cheer went up in the bus, but the anticipation proved a little too much for a couple and as quickly as they had their hands in the air, they were back down pressing on there pee-holes.

Suddenly a shout went up «Fuck this, it's too much, I can't hope» and with it came a very loud hissing noise, heads swung to the back of the mini-bus to see what was going on, what was going on was Claire, who was commando , was just squatting, pissing forcefully onto the floor of the mini-bus...suddenly a scream was heard «I can't hold it, I can't hold it» Colette lost the battle with her raging bladder as well, pissing her panties forcefully.

«Whats going on» shouted the driver «If you're pissing in my bus, that's a fine, loss of deposit and I'm not pulling over»

«Well, if you don't fucking pull over, the whole bus will be a flooded in piss» replied Katie, her own bladder pulsing inside her, she longed to let go.

Ahhhh «It's coming, I can't stop it» Another bladder gave way, Gina had been so desperate earlier she pissed into a urinal in front of men, now with a weakened bladder, tired sphincter muscles, her pee hole quivered but gave up and a flood of desperate wee fired into her panties

.

«Right, THAT IS IT» announced the driver. «Get out of this bus, I ain't going no further» He had pulled over on a duel carriageway...absolutely nowhere for the girls to squat.

Zoe, who had controlled the urge a little begged «We're not doing it purpose, believe me, we just can't hold it any longer» with that Zoe collapsed into her seat, teary eyed she just said «I'm just gonna do it» and with that another large hiss was heard as Zoe let go, the pee like a firehose smashing into her panties.

«Get out now» the Driver repeated...The girls were in such dire need of a toilet that some of them daren't move, they wondered why this driver was being such a prick, they were to desperate to protest.

As Katie got up, the inevitable spurt shot into her panties

«You're a physcho» she said to the driver.

Zoe's jet of pee was unrelenting as was Gina's. As Emma got out of the mini-bus she had to uncross her legs, that 1 to 2 seconds she took to re-cross them but that was all it took, a shot of desperate pee flew out of her tortured vagina, forcing her to slam her hand onto her pussy.

Eventually they all were off the bus, 15 minutes to Ascot in a car, looking at 45mins walking. As the mini-bus sped away, the focus now was to find a place to piss. Zoe, Gina and Claire were the headhunters, having wet themselves, they no longer needed to pee.

17 girls, all stunningly dressed hobbled down the dual carriageway to the inevitable beeps of some male drivers, every single one of them had spurt pee into there panties, there bladders ache ferociously, the pangs were getting more painful with every minute that passed. Can you imagine the scene? 17 gorgeous girls, in such dire need to pee, they are having to stop every 20 seconds to cross there legs and hold there crotches.

Zoe and Gina's wet panties clung to their womanhood as they searched in a frenzy for somewhere for the girls to pee.

«Oh shit, no no no no no» a voice shrieked from the back, It was Anna's turn to lose control, We've not met Anna yet. Anna is 30 years old, died blonde hair, she had been perilously close to weeing herself earlier but had held on...first Anna's bladder spasmed and a jet of pee escaped her clenched pee hole...but that pee hole couldn't stay clenched for much longer, too much pee wanted out and 5 seconds later, Pee burst out of her aching pussy, splashing on the floor as Anna sobbed...Again, Men sounded there horns as they whizzed by.

Claire immediately went to console her, Anna cried uncontrollably, in the end enough was enough.

«Ahhh Look Ladies, I literally can't cope anymore, I don't know about you lot, but I no longer care about who sees me, this has to come out» Announced Katie doing a crazy pee dance to keep control

«Join me girls» Said Katie as she squatted on the pavement pulled her damp gusset to one side and immediately began pissing...»Oh relief» She shouted as she emptied her aching bladder.

Again, cars tooted their horns as they seen this show, «Yeah I've gotta squat now, watching Katie piss is torture» Stated Emma and she too squatted pulled her panties to one side and released a desperate hot jet which hissed and smashed against the road.

Desperation had ravaged the girls so much, they literally didn't care who seen them now, every girl had just given up holding and was peeing forcefully, all pee's were lasting longer than a minute...what a site that would have been... 16 girls, skirts up, panties down, desperately peeing away.

The girls had created a mini canal, they all pee'd so much, they were all exhausted from the effort, they felt ashamed but totally relieved, 2 major desperations in 3 hours thanks to large quantities on wine.

