A warm and pleasant feeling

22nd November 2011, 05:18 PM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

This story is about my first (and definitely not last) wetting experience. It came from deliberate desperation and boy was I desperate! I had been holding myself for about 5 hours (maybe more) and I was waiting for all of my family to be in bed before I was going to finally act on my fetish for the very first time. I had just taken the last sip of my 3rd glass of Baileys before I knew I was ready. I went through my nightly routine of turning the lights off and checking that all of the doors are locked before I made my way upstairs.

Each step that I took was one of both excitement and nervous anticipation. I knew I wanted to do this, hell I had been fantasising about it for a long time! Yet I still felt nervous, maybe it was because I knew that any moment one of my family members could wake up and catch me. Though the thought of that was actually more of a turn on and was what made me go through with my idea! I stripped out of clothes and paused to admire myself in the mirror. My cock was beginning to grow in size as I was getting closer to actually doing something involving my fetish rather than only fantasizing.

I then put on a pair of bright red boxers which were barely able to fit over my raging erection. I was only wearing boxers as this was my first time doing something like this and I wasn't sure how it was going to plan out. Perhaps next time I will experiment with more layers of clothing or different materials. I walked into the bathroom and then climbed into the bathtub. I sat down at the top of the bath so the taps were behind me. My bladder was on the verge of exploding and it was not being helped by my erection. Also I do think that some nerves were preventing me from releasing. To make it easier I just closed my eyes and relaxed as best I could.

After a few seconds of remaining still I felt the first bit of pee trickle out and I smiled because I knew I was so close. Then as if a dam had broken my pee started to gush out! First it soaked my crotch turning my boxers a dark maroon. Then it began to escape my boxers and flow down the tub bathing my legs on its way to the end of the tub. The smell of my pee reached my nose and I could not believe how turned on I was! The warmth of my pee on my crotch, my ass and my legs was overwhelming - I didn't want the feeling to go away! After a consistent 70 seconds of peeing my bladder made its last dribble before it was empty, and before I was physically exhausted!

I was not finished though. Taking advantage of the euphoria I was experiencing I grabbed hold of my still erect cock (which was now drenched in pee) and I began to masturbate. I started stroking at a slow rate but then the moment took control and I started to tug at my cock as if it was my last living moment! When I was close to climax I aimed the head of my cock at my chest (I was now lying down) and then with one last stroke I groaned and spurted all over my chest. Lying there covered in a cocktail of my own pee and cum was the best feeling I have ever experienced!

This website helped me to embrace my fetish without feeling any shame. THANK YOU and expect a lot more entries as I experiment more and more!

