Terrible bad wrong sequel to "Wild Party" (Fiction) --The Devil made me do it ;)

6th November 2011, 04:27 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

DISCLAIMER: This story is just plain wrong. I don't know what inspires me to write stuff like this. Maybe the Devil made me do it. The original story was called "Lucifers Party" but I changed that to "Wild Party"

JOHN'S GOLFING GROUP

John's door was partly open when I arrived but when I knocked nobody answer. I cautiously openned the door and stepped into the foyer "Hello! Is anybody home?"

Nobody answered..

I peeked into the livingroom then into the large front room to the left of the foyer where Johns large grand piano sat silently. The door to the basement was open and I was about to leave when I thought I heard a 'ruffle' sort of sound down in the basement.

"Hello!" I called down the basement stairs. I took a couple of steps down the stairs and stopped. "Hello?" I continued down cautiously.

The basement was ghostly silent. The pool table was empty, the TV was off, the couches were deserted and the wet bar looked like it hadn't been touched in ages. And one of the bedroom doors was partly open...

John had some crazy stuff in those basement bedrooms. They were set up for bondage games and I'd heard them referred to as his dungeon.

I entered the room cautiously and caught my breath... In the center of the room was a large bed. And lying on the bed was a young -- perhaps eighteen year old -- blindfolded, naked girl, bound by cords from her angles and wrists to all four corners of the bed! I could see that she was beautiful even though she was blindfolded. She had long brown hair and rosy cheeks. Her breasts weren't huge but she was very slim in the waist with full rounded hips. She seemed innocent because of her tan lines and unshaven dark pink pussy -- that oozed cum..

I pulled my shirt off and knelt on the side of the bed.

She woke up suddenly "Who's there?"

"It's me, Mark." I said gently, "I'm John's friend." I kissed her soft rosy cheek. She didn't answer. I put my lips around her erect nipple and sucked slightly. My penis went hard instantly.

"Oh ohh.." She shuddered.

I unzipped my pants. "I don't know where John is." I pulled my pants and underwear down and got back on the bed, this time between her knees. My hard penis touched her wet cum dripping pussy, and my chest made contact with her hard nipples as I bent forward to kiss her on the lips.

"Oh Ohh! Ohhh!! Woah!" She shuddered again.

I took my time kissing with her on the lips, rubbing my cheek against hers, kissing her on the cheeks, playing with her breasts, her nipples. Sucking on her nipples. Rubbing my rock hard penis and cheeks against her breasts, hard erect nipples, her hips her legs, her feet.. And then.. and then I pushed my engorged penis into her pussy. She was tight but she was wet enough that I slid right in.

"Woah woah!!" She gasped.

"Mmm.. Mmm.. Mmm.."

I began fucking her with deep slow strokes. But she was so warm and soft and feminine that I couldn't resist speeding up. I kissed her and pressed my body against hers so that I could feel her heart beating as I fucked her. I hung on with all of my might but I was unable to keep myself from cumming quicker than I wanted to.

I hadn't felt the telltale tremble of an orgasm from her but I still enjoyed the feeling of her heart pounding away under my own.

"Mark?" John's voice startled me and I felt the girls heart go wild beneath me. I jerked wildly as I glance up and back. "John!" I gasped.

Pop! Zippp! John undid his zipper and smirked at me.

"John.." I repeated. I turned back to the girl and gave her a kiss before climbing off.

"It's Mark!" Robert stepped in the door. Pop! Zippp! Robert dropped his pants.

I self-consciously pulled my pants up.

Robert aimed his large penis at the wall. "I'm next after John!" Robert said as he began peeing powerfully on the wall.

Lance smirked at me as I passed him in the hallway. I wasn't sure where I was going but I climbed the stairs and entered the foyer. Out of the corner of my eye I saw somebody in the front room. I started into the room and found Trisha in a white lacy blouse and a light blue short skirt on her knees carving something into the side of the piano.

"Are you here to join Johns golf group?" Tabitha's voice pulled me back towards the livingroom. I turned to find Tabitha in blue jeans and a white polo shirt that barely contained her ample breasts holding a sheet of paper. Her knees were pressed together and I couldn't resist glancing at her shapely hips, and crotch. I wanted to unzip her right then and there so I could get a better look at her hairy pussy.

"Here! This was here when we arrived." Tabitha thrust the sheet at me and half ran for the couch where Patricia was sitting.

There were already five names on the sheet. But John, Lance, and Robert hadn't signed it yet and John only wanted ten people total.

"Sign it!" Tabitha said urgently.

I glanced at the wet spot on the crotch of Tabitha's pants. "Okay.. where's a pen?"

Pop! Zippp! "Patricia's got one!" Tabitha pulled her pants down frantically. A little pee spurted uncontrollably out of her hairy pussy as she sat down on the fabric arm of John's overstuffed couch.

"Ahhh!!" Tabitha exhaled and a waterfall of pee hissed out of her pussy down the side of the beige fabric and splashed noisily on the white plush carpeting. "Oops.." Some of the pee hit her jeans. Tabitha leaned forward a bit more spraying the stream more down the side of the couch than onto the carpet. Tabitha half-stood and leaned further forward actually directing her stream over the arm of the couch and down onto the cushion.

Tabitha's pee splashed noisily on the couch as I passed her and headed for Patricia and the pen. I knelt in front of the coffee table and signed my name slightly distracted by the rear view of Tabitha as she finally finished peeing

"Holy shit that was a long pee Tabitha!" Patricia laughed.

"Hahaha!!" Tabitha breathing hard grabbed her heaving belly "I didn't quite make it.. Got ma pants wet.."

Tabitha waddled over to the coffee table, her pants still around her ankles and stopped with her hairy dripping pussy practically in my face. She grabbed a tissue from the container on the coffee table and wiped herself.

Pop! Zipp! "You're such a bad example!" Patricia stood and smirked at me as she pulled her pants and panties down revealing her own raw hairy pussy. Patricia pulled two of the couch cushions apart and sat back down with a butt cheek on each cushion. She spread her legs a little and a thick jet of pee erupted from her pussy and splashed on the sides of both cushions as it went down into the couch.

It was just a little pee and Tabitha barely had her pants back up before Patricia had finished. "Here" Tabitha offered Patricia a tissue.

Patricia wiped herself, dropped the tissue into the couch, and squeezed the cushions back together.

###

"Mark, there you are!" John entered the room. "Did you sign up for our little golf group?" He glanced at the wet spot on the carpet, the wet end of the couch, and Tabitha's wet crotch -- and smirked..

"I did!" I handed the sheet to John.

"You guys need to sign up too." John said to Robert who had just entered the room and Lance who was in the foyer tucking his shirt into this pants.

Patricia scooted over and sat directly over wet spot between the cushions. She glanced around suddenly. "Mark you need to meet John's cute little niece Kristin! She's the sweetest girl you'll ever meet. All the guys wanted to fuck her last year but she was only seventeen. She's a little shy.. John.. did you ever find her?"

"Yeah she's down in the basement."

"I'll go get her." Patricia offered. She glanced back nervously at the slight wet spot where the two cushions met and hurried off. John didn't seem to notice.

Lance followed her to the foyer and returned leading Trisha by her leash.

"I gotta pee." Trisha said quietly and squeezed her knees together.

Lance ignored her.

"So pee." Tabitha suggested.

"Anyone want a beer?" John asked. "You bet." Lance said.

Pee began to run down Trisha's leg. She lifted her skirt and walked with her legs wide and peed all of the way into the kitchen.

We all sat down at the kitchen table and John brought a bucket of ice filled with various beers. John entertained us with golfing stories as we drank.

###

"Ahh they're in here." Patricia said.

Trisha was busy carving something into the table top with a kitchen knife but everybody ignored her. All of the attention was on the young girl from the basement who nervously poked her head around the corner. She seemed a little embarrassed by the fact that she was naked. "Hi.." she said softly.

I almost felt a little guilty.

"Well come on in!" John encouraged her enthusiastically. "Would you like a beer?"

