On Holiday Now (Pt V) **True**

10th April 2011, 11:45 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

After our sessions I made a point of writing the important things to remember down. IE: How I felt and some of the things that were said. Not to analyse them, but to be able to recall things clearly.

I remember Monday after our session together. I felt a little down for some reason. I think that it was because I knew that it was the ladies last night here in Spain.

Monday evening:

7.30pm and we were all ready to go out for something to eat. K was dressed in a nice Black skirt with a white tight low cut top, I remember thinking what a lovely pair of tits she has, lol. Her nipples I remember were kind of smallish compared to her perfectly round large Aureoles.

T was dressed in a black top that looked really good on her and a really tight pair of jeans. It looked as though they were painted on her, I actually commented "how many tins of paint did it take to spray them on". T has a really round shaped ass, the kind you see on 20 year olds. Mind you she is fit as she goes to the gym once a week and does water gymnastics in a local swimming pool back where she lives. She looked so delicious. I told them both that they looked gorgeous.

We went to a Japanese restaurant down at Puerto Marina, it's called Sakura. The food is excellent and you can have it cooked in front of you. There is a name for this but I fail to recall it. It is a show based upon cooking your food on a large grill where you sit. It is a really good evening out.

The evening was great. We had many laughs and a lot of fun. Our meal was finished by 10.30pm and we walked to a bar further up the road. The ladies wished to sit outside as it was warm. 11.45pm and three drinks later the conversation started to turn to sex, not by myself I hasten to add, but by T.

Just after midnight we left the bar and began to walk back to the apartments. I had not had a pee all night; I wanted to hold it as I wanted to piss in my jeans on the way home. I said to both of them that I wanted to piss; T said she wanted to also. So we all stopped and walked around a little corner where it was quiet. The street was lit well enough and I just stood there in front of them and said watch. They both looked down at my crotch and I started to piss myself. It was running all down my legs and my jeans were soaking wet at the front. T put her hand gently over my crotch whilst I was pissing feeling the warm pee that I was producing. My pee was running all down the sidewalk in a stream.

When I had finished I asked T if she still needed to go and she said yes she did. Do it I said, just do it here in your jeans. T opens her legs a little and was looking down and she started to piss herself. I put my hand under her crotch and felt the lovely warm piss, I licked my fingers a few times as well, it tasted nice. Her pee ran down and mixed with mine where we were all standing. She was now soaking wet, her jeans were a lightish colour and it showed up very clearly that she had pissed herself, and we still had half a mile to walk.

K was just looking at us and I asked if she wanted to pee and she said yes but not like that, she did not want to piss over her skirt. So she lifted her skirt a little and she pissed all over the sidewalk. She was prepared though, she had some tissues in her bag and slipped out of her panties and left them there, and then she wiped herself dry and let her skirt down again.

We started to walk again and K started to laugh at us as she could see that T and I were wet and it showed. About four people saw us on our walk back to the apartments, but we did not really care. We just laughed for most of the time.

I was feeling really horny again and I knew that I had done the right thing earlier when I popped a little blue tablet.

I really wanted to make love to T again. I could not take my eyes off of her ass all night, which did not go unnoticed by K.

Back at my apartment T and I stripped of in the bathroom and took a shower together. When we had finished K had a shower by herself. She seemed to be a little subdued for some of the night. I just assumed that it was the blues at the end of her Holiday. Apparently, I was wrong.

I went into the shower and asked K if she wanted something to drink, she replied that she was going back to her apartment soon as she was tired. Oh well I thought, no threesome tonight, lol.

T said that she was going to her apartment to put some dry clothes on, and as I had a washing machine and dryer could I wash her wet clothes along with mine. So I put all our wet things in the machine and started it. They would be dry by the morning.

K came out of the shower with a towel half wrapped around her, her tits were exposed and they looked good. It was then that I had a bit of a bombshell dropped in my lap.

She sat down next to me and said that T really liked me a lot, and that she (T) did not want to go back to Tampere just yet. Was I gob smacked or what!

She also said that T had asked K earlier if she would mind if T spent the last night with just her and me. K said that of course she did not mind, she said that she had had enough fun to last her for a while; she laughed and said that she had not had sex for almost two years. Now I recalled, that was why T said that K needed a good shag.

T came back into my apartment wearing a see through robe; I could see her pink panties underneath. We sat for a little while just talking and then K said she was going to bed. We said goodnight and K left.

Here am I sitting on the sofa stark naked with T in her sexy outfit. It is going through my mind what K said. "T likes you a lot". T is talking and I am only half listening as the other thing that K said came to mind, T does not want to return home to Tampere just yet. Now what am I supposed to make of all that?

We gradually snuggled up and started to kiss and fondle one another, it did not take long for me to get a really hard erection, thanks to the blue tabs. I saw that her nipples were hard and that her cunt was getting wetter. Her clitoris felt so damn soft, her vagina was as slippery as soap. I could have eaten her at that point.

I arose from the sofa and took T's hand and led her into my bedroom where we both just flopped on the bed holding each other. I slid her panties down, right down over her feet and threw them on the floor.

She turned me on my back and started to lick and tease my nipples with her tongue, she nibbled at them and I felt them go hard as she teased them even more. She gradually let her tongue wander all over and down my tummy to my erect cock. She flicked her tongue at the underneath part and it felt like a small shock each time. She then took me in her mouth and began to slide her soft lips up and down.

I gradually pulled her legs up to my head and face and finally she was straddling me. Her so soft cunt right over my mouth. My tongue was flicking at her clit and in and out of wet vagina. She pushed herself down against my mouth so that my tongue would go in even further. She was having her first orgasm. Her lovely juices were now flowing into my mouth, the taste was so nice it tasted like pure nectar.

She rolled off of me and laid beside me with her face close to mine with her arm over my chest just saying nothing but, mmmm. I asked her what mmmm meant; she just said this is so nice.

My cock was still sticking up in the air as we lay there and she began to play with it. I worked my mouth around to her lovely breasts and started to lick and nibble her nipples. I ran my tongue around her Aureoles and again back to her hard nipples. I slid my hand down between her open legs and she was still soaking wet. She pulled me on top of her and she placed my erect penis into her wet vagina. I was ready to give her a good fucking and she wanted me to.

She started to move her hips underneath me and I felt her once again grab my cock with her muscles as it slid in and out of her. This was absolute heaven I thought, it just does not get better than this.

I fucked her hard and then softly, slowly and then fast. I pulled her legs up to her chest and looked at my cock sliding in and out of her vagina. I slid it in and then out onto her clitoris and then rubbed my cock up and down a few times. Then just slowly slid it back inside her again. She was groaning and saying fuck me, fuck me hard. I fucked her hard and her whole body went taught afetr a few seconds. She made a very deep groaning noise when she orgasmed, but I did not stop fucking her.

I rolled her over on top of me without taking my cock out of her cunt. Now she was on top and she was sitting on my stiff cock still right up inside her. She began to grind her hips and I moved with her in unison, as one. My cock was so far inside her that I felt the tip touching something inside. I knew that I was going to cum soon. She layed down on top of me and we were really fucking fast just before I came. We looked at one another in the eyes, then slowly I came to a head and I exploded inside her. I gave her everything that I had inside me. I groaned quite loudly, aaahhhh fucking hell. I had never said anything like that before.

She laid on top of me for a minute or so then she rolled over on to the bed beside me. She was smiling at me and then she said that was so good, did you enjoy it as much as me? I smiled and said what do you think, she just gave a big smile and a big kiss on the lips.

We did not go to sleep as we made love until four thirty in the morning. I am not going to explain in detail as most of it has already been covered here.

However, before we went to sleep. T started to talk of staying for another week or so. What about work I asked. As she works for herself she can more or less do as she wishes. Her work is internet based and can be done anywhere. Although, she does have meetings from time to time with clients in Scandinavia, and sometimes in Europe. We discussed this for a while and I suggested that we sleep on it. After all did I need someone staying here with me?

The final part shall be posted within the next couple of days, or is it the...Final part???

