My Wife's Friend, Marla; Part 3

27th November 2006, 04:13 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Although, I've been working hard and not getting home as early as I wish, the money is there and life is pretty good. Candy pressed me really hard about six months ago to get her breasts redone and I decided, why not. Marla had hers made perfect before her divorce and I noticed it made her a lot more confident with her sexuality. Marla was doing things she wouldn't normally have and Candy was now doing the same. I frequently watch my wife walking around the house in blouses that are see-through or open, exposing a lot of cleavage. That never fails to get my attention.

Saturday, I needed to get the car serviced and Candy got up early, making coffee so we could have it out by the pool in the warm sun. She'd stuffed that beautiful butt of hers into a pair of yellow short shorts. They were made even more brief because the cuffs were neatly rolled so that her matching panties peaked out. When she brought the coffee tray out to the table where I was sitting, I couldn't miss her sexy breasts swaying inside her loose blouse. She handed me the morning paper and turned to go back to the kitchen.

With her naughtiest voice, «I made us some sweet rolls and need to get them from the oven.»

I loved her «you can screw me now walk», made even more so because of a pair of high heeled sandals. I couldn't help but notice the double crotch band of her panties pressing against her shorts. That same area was wet and it looked like my wife had peed a little while she had been working in the kitchen.

«Honey, did you dribble in your panties?»

«I don't know, why? Was all she could say and continued for the kitchen. I did notice that she reached around to pull her shorts away from her ass, but for some reason didn't check for wetness. She knew.

I'd barely started on the front page when she returned with the rolls and sat in the chair across from me. I was just able to check that «V» area between her legs and noticed more wetness. I was sure that she was peeing herself, probably leaking a little at a time, since she likes playing her «hold it» games. When she sat she seemed to become immediately engulfed in a People magazine, while I continued with the paper. The news only half occupying my mind, the other half thinking of, well….

«Baby, I couldn't help but notice the little yellow stain between your legs. You're doing it in your panties aren't you?»

She didn't even look up, just saying something like, « I guess, why, oh don't worry about it? Sometimes these little things just happen».

The thought of that little half circle of wetness surrounding her puss kept bouncing around in my mind. What was she doing to me?

I returned to the present when I heard a dripping sound that suggested something had spilled. I looked at the table. The coffee was in order and Candy was still reading her magazine, but the dripping continued. Our eyes met.

«What are you doing», I implored.

«Nothing, why what's the matter?» she replied.

A glance under the table confirmed my suspicions and I quickly devised a plan. «Oh well, I need to get going if I'm going to get the car done,» I lied. «Stand up and give me a kiss.»

When she uncrossed her legs to stand I was able to get a new look at her shorts. Her crotch was quite wet. The little bitch had sat there right in front of me and peed herself. I grabbed her, giving her one of those deep long kisses that could only mean that I needed one thing. My right hand moved to her ass crack further confirming what I already knew. I used the same hand to reach for and release the back zipper on her shorts, while pulling her pants and panties down her legs in one motion. I just had to have her.

I wish I could have taken more time but I needed to get the car in. I came in her almost to quickly. I could only say, «we'll finish this later.» She said something like «I hope so» as I watched her wiggle her wet pants and panties back up her legs and snug them back into place. I knew that they were now not only wet with pee but would collect and hold my cum as it leaked from her.

Luckily the car servicing went quickly and I returned just before noon. I found her still in the backyard vacuuming the pool in the same shorts and blouse that I'd left her in. The wetness in her yellow short shorts had nearly dried, but the resultant stain made it only too obvious that she'd pissed her pants.

«Oh, honey, I'm glad your back. Marla is on her way over and we are having a pool party this afternoon. Do you think we can be ready in time? I really don't think I'm going to have enough time to change.»

