You are walking ahead of me

7th January 2011, 04:52 PM

Author: Meisus22

Location: United Kingdom (Sex: Male) Posts: 28

I haven't done many of these lately, although there is one on its way. Here's one I wrote a while back, one I have always had a sneaking affection for - I hope you like it:

You are walking ahead of me. I watch you, drink in the fluid ease with which your body moves, your feline grace as you pad through the hay-grass; tactile, sensing, reaching at each stride. You turn to me.

«Not far now, is it?»

«Very near.» I say. Your hair flashes in the breeze, brown made auburn by the sun.

«Walk with me?»

Beside you, I can draw you close. Your eyes laugh up at me, emerald faeries dancing. «Not too tight. You mustn't hold me too tightly.»

«I won't.»

My hand rests gently on your hip, alive to the warm rhythm of moving flesh beneath your thin summer dress. So many times, so many nights, I have wished for this: in so many dreams. Always too far off, always too busy, always remembering.

«This is the right way?»

«Of course. Nothing's changed.» Nothing has. This is still the same path, beyond the field a stile. I climb it first. You hesitate at the high step, suddenly awkward.

«You'll have to help me, I think.»

«Willingly.» I proffer my hand, you shake your head. So I reach across to lift you. You are poised above me for an instant, and I want to take you in my arms then: kiss you, hold you.

«No. No, not yet!» You urge me. You are smiling so softly, as if your memory is perfect, as if there were no time at all. No lost years. No wasted love. Then you are next to me once again and we are walking together where there once was a lane. It is overgrown now. Thistles brush your bare legs.

«It wasn't like this.» You say.

No, it was not like this. You and I were young then. All the world was new.

«Please hurry!» There is a quickness to your step now, an anxiety that this journey should be done with. And we both know how near we are. Just a few yards before a turn in the lane, the crest of a little hill. «See? Oh, see? It's still here!»

I can only laugh, enchanted by the child in your voice, relieved that the little wood is exactly as it was twelve years ago, in the last summer of our love. Perhaps the trees may be larger now, their leaves a darker green: but they are standing, and the wooden hut remains beneath them still, unchanged, impervious to time.

You turn to face me. «Quickly, Stephen. We must be quick!»

«That was what you said! Exactly! The last time we were here!»

«I know.» Your voice is laden with meanings.

We run as we ran then, hand in hand. Pell-mell, helter-skelter, stumbling, tripping, kicking through claws of bramble until our legs bleed. Only when the trees shade us, only when we are right before the old hut, looking at its padlocked door, do we stop.

«It's locked! It's locked, Stephen!» How well you follow the script! Word for word, faithful even to the tiniest inflection; so that I might believe your distress is as real today as it was then. I even feel the old panic returning, the frantic desire to help you, to protect you from pain. And so I pull at the door as I did then, and - as it did then - feel the hasp come loose in my hands! «No. Its rotten. Look!»

I pull the door wide for you to enter just as I did then. I offer you this place to hide, this refuge for a few essential moments. But the script is changing now. We both know there is no nature-study group close behind us, about to come over the hill. There is no-one to discover us. The hasp of the padlock is as I left it, twelve years in the past.

«Isn't it strange,» You say: «That we should agree to come back here? Why here?»

«Because when you kissed me here you really meant it.»

«I was grateful. Oh, god I was SO grateful!»

«And I was in love with you. I still am.»

Your eyes are fever-bright. There is a look deep within them that is mine alone. «I was in love with you long before that. I missed you.» You say. «I really did. I'm glad you came back.»

«I promised I would.»

I move to kiss you now. I draw you to me, my hands will allow no resistance from you. «No.» You place your hands on my chest. «No. Not yet.»

«You're teasing me?»

«No. No darling Stephen, I wouldn't be unkind to you. But I'm not the way I was then.»

«Meaning?»

«Meaning I'm not grateful. Yet.»

I step back, however unwillingly, to let you pass me and enter the hut. Why has it not occurred to me that your needs now are just as they were then? At the stile, of course: the awkwardness there; your urging that we should hurry. Everything the same, that was what your last letter had said. Our reunion should be here, and everything should be just the same.

«I really must go.» You say, with feeling. Freed from my restraining grasp, you shift uneasily, a tiny, urgent gesture.

«I'll go for a walk in the trees.» I respond. But you do not move.

«Back then,» Your hand reaches to stroke the soft hair on my neck. «I thought you might follow me.»

«Follow you?»

«Yes. Into the hut.»

You are waiting for a reply from me, but I cannot give it. My tongue is dry, my hands are wet. At last I am able stammer out the words I feel.

«I wanted to.»

«I know.»

«I must have been a complete pervert, mustn't I?»

«Possibly. But I waited for you, in there. I waited as long as I could.»

Remembering how you rushed past me, thankful that the door was open, all those years ago, how desperate you were, so desperate you did not wait to close the door behind you, and it was left to me to push it to. And yet you waited?

«I nearly wet myself.»

I am approaching a crisis. My mind is thinking in colours, my heart is trampolining and my eyes are clouding with emotion. I have to pull you back into my arms, half afraid, half wanting.

«There's only ever been one time when I needed to go more than I did then.»

«Oh? When was that?» I ask you.

«Now.» You say.

I am hard against you. You gasp a protest. «Ooooh! Down, boy! Not so tight! Not so tight!»

«Well, this time.» I say.

I release you, just for long enough to guide us into the shelter of the hut. Here, among the odours of old straw and warm damp I try again to close your lips in a kiss.

«No! « You insist: «I told you, not yet!»

«You do want to do this?»

«Of course, silly! I've been waiting all day. Anyway, why do you think I wore a dress? They aren't exactly fashionable, you know?»

I reach behind your neck for your zip. Need makes me clumsy. You help me, slipping the flimsy cloth from your shoulders so it falls to the floor. Your bra is easier and I set your breasts free, caressing your neck, knowing you naked for the first time, feeling your hand clasp me in the place most essential to us both. I step back for just a moment, slipping my tee-shirt over my head, undoing my jeans. I catch sight of you; I mean I really see you, small and undressed, your hand gripping between your legs and fingers pressing deep into the V of a tiny red thong. You are so vulnerable, so loveable, so beautiful to my eyes that I am suddenly ashamed to look; unworthy of such loveliness. But you see me, too. You understand everything that I am feeling.

«It's alright. Stephen, its alright to watch me. I want you to watch me! But I'm simply dying, you know? I don't think I can wait any more.»

Your thumbs hook over the strings of your last tiny garment, ready to draw it down in a swift movement but I cannot let you. I have to restrain you, draw your body to mine, press you back against the wooden wall.

«You're pressing too hard!» You chide me. You laugh. You bite my shoulder. «You'll make me do it! You will!»

I want you to do it. I find the moment to slip my knee into the vice of your thighs, force them apart. That string which is between us snaps easily, my hand can find its way to the hard mound of your womanhood. So little fur, so soft, so moist! My fingers slip through to the valley beyond, opening you, searching for you within. Even as I find you, the hot swelling of your clitoris quivers its impending release: you give a tiny, breathy cry of wanting, but no, that mustn't happen, not right now. Scrunching your thong in my other hand I feel its wetness. My penis aches for release. Your impatient hands seek it out, stripping my pants from me. Teeth biting frantically, my neck, my shoulders: finger-nails clawing the flesh of my back.

«Oh god you have to let me squat down. You have to! I'm going to pee all over myself.I'll just burst!»

«Do it then! Burst on me!» You must do it. You can't wait, you don't want to wait. I thrust my unfettered shaft into your cleft and you moan as its tip tantalises, back and forth across the scream of your clitoris. You are very wet and your door is open, wide open, I can feel it: but I won't enter. Not yet.

«I'll wee on you.» Your eyes are tigerish. «You want this, Stephen? You want me to wee on you?»

«Yes, oh yes!!» Like a dog I can scent the coming gift. Something is already given, a small message has slipped through. Cupping your mound in my palm I caress your maiden hair and it is wet with your piss. You groan a low invitation as I reach into you with my hand again, drawing my finger back across the tip of your urethra in a swift stroke.

«Aaah!» It is a soft yielding, an answer hot, instant, and complete. Your pent-up fluid erupts: jets out, forces through my fingers, spatters shamelessly against your legs and mine. An incredible cascade hisses through the stricture of your lips, it pours down us. Hot liquid bathes our feet, gathers around them. I can hold back no longer. I am inside you long before your river ceases to flow, thrusting deeply. A moment of logicality, looking for the softest and cleanest bed among the straw, then we are on each other in a frenzy, I find the O within you, so that you call out with pleasure and pain, and I cannot leave you. All I have learned of love is as nothing - there was nothing - before this.

Outside, the creatures of summer play on in the little copse of trees where I kissed and cuddled with you, ventured to slip my hand beneath your summer dress, a decade and more ago. Where the tutor with the field study group found us, and, the cruelty of youth being what it is, parted us from each other. Inside, I roll in love with you, rolling back the years, taking you back to my own. When at last our climax comes it is all-eclipsing, it is infinite. When at last we roll apart, sated and sore from our love, we are rejoined. The promise we made, to meet here again when youth had passed, is fulfilled.

You lie naked beside me, legs carelessly open, breast brushing my side. You take my face in your hands, draw me to you in a long, lingering kiss.

«Now I really am grateful!» You say.

