A warmer holiday than you'd think

26th December 2012, 10:32 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Hi everyone! I hope you all have had a very good time with your friends and family. I know I have; this freezing cold temperature sure makes it tough though. Outside of my job, I never want to walk out the front door! I hate cold temperatures that much. So, what better way to spend a Wintery day than in a skirt?

Hang on, let me explain. Something I enjoy doing right before our well-wishing holiday (in my case, Yule) is drive around and deliver gifts or home-baked stuff to my friends and family. Both my man and Alice are usually gone at this time, left to go be with their loved ones, while mine are relatively close by. Not all of the folks I make deliveries to are though, so I end up driving most of the day.

Also, and some of you may call me crazy, (on a website like this ) but I do these deliveries in a little X-mas elf outfit, complete with red and white dress-skirt. It's soooo cute, but soooo drafty! That Winter chill seriously hits my weak spot, if you know what I mean. But that's OK. My car's plenty warm, and I always take a few minutes to catch up with the folks I'm delivering to. It's not like I stay outside for too long in my little outfit.

Besides, I know other ways to keep warm. Before I leave, I grab a couple thick cotton towels and take them with me. I lay them out of the seat of my car, and every time I get back in from a delivery, I make sure to hike up my skirt and press my bits against the towel. As you know, driving a long time on the road can make anyone's bladder act up. Any time I need a pee on the road, I just happily let it go. The towels immediately soak it up, and I'm blessed with a nice warm crotch. No wet clothes, and no way to tell.

This year was no different. I spent hours on the road, making all my holiday deliveries, and whenever I felt that little urge, I just relaxed and let it flow. And each time, it felt sooooo good. I must have done it 4 or 5 times. The best part about it is that no one ever figures it out. They see my little cute outfit and ooh and ahh over that, and what I drove so far to bring them.

Little did they know I was oohing and ahhing all the way there.

