My Wife's Friend, Marla; Part 4

15th December 2006, 06:12 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Candy quickly finished with the pool, while I finished straightening things around the house. The place was nearly ready, so we decided that if we both went to the store, the shopping would go much faster. I couldn't resist opening the car's passenger door for my wife, using my right hand to feel her beautiful little round butt. She likes that. Running my middle index finger along her bottom crack, I verified that she was still a bit wet. I don't know how the rest of you feel about it, but shopping in the grocery store with a sexy women that has recently wet her pants, can keep you really excited. Especially when other customers notice with a look of quiet astonishment.

We returned in less than a half hour. Pulling back into the driveway Candy recognized a new Toyota. «It looks like Marla and Lisa are here, they said they were bringing some of the party supplies.»

Now, I had only heard about Lisa from the girls and had never met her, but this blonde was just as much of a stunner as Marla. Both had dressed for a pool party, too. Marla was wearing another one-piece swimsuit, only this one was orange colored, matching her long, auburn hair. I guess my previous comments about how hot she looked in that style must have registered. You could easily see through the knit, cotton cover she was wearing. Her breasts were nearly spilling out of the suit and if I had to guess, it was none to big for her. The tiny little skirt she had on, hid nothing. That beautiful ass of hers was constantly peeking out below the hem. Lisa looked quite beautiful in a red bikini, one of the newer styles with a full bottom and strings that tied at the sides. The heeled sandals both girls were wearing only accentuated their butts.

Party preparations dominated our conversation as we stood around the pool. The girls thought that we should prepare the food in the kitchen and move it to tables outside on the pool deck. While all the discussion was going on, Candy kept tugging her shorts loose from around her crotch and I'm afraid it was finally too much for Marla.

«It looks like somebody's wet her pants. What's the matter Candy, are they getting a little uncomfortable? Maybe you should go in and change before the others arrive. Besides aren't you wearing a swimsuit like the rest of us?»

We all watched as my smiling wife turned and wiggled that cute, damp bottom of hers toward the house. Lisa giggled.

«She really does wet her pants, doesn't she. Oh well, I guess some girls get to do that.»

Marla's and my eyes met, a sexy smile crossing her face. I couldn't help but glance down at the orange fabric covering her puss, wondering if there was any chance. Her swimsuit was lined in the crotch, but I also noticed the outline of a metal ring pressing against the fabric. I think our girl had recently obtained some new jewelry. I new this was going to merit watching.

Pool parties are interesting because of how little the pool gets used. I think that the ladies spend so much time wanting to look beautiful that they will do anything to avoid getting wet. This one was no exception. A few of the guys went in, but the women seemed to stay in lounge chairs or on stools around our bar. The alcohol really flowed with margaritas, martinis and tequila drinks being the most popular. I love seeing the ladies going after the tequila because it usually acts like a truth serum. What's more, my wife nearly always pees in her pants, if she gets carried away with the stuff.

Speaking of Candy, she was acting the part of a perfect hostess. I watched her coming down the patio stairs in all her style and sexiness. She had changed into a white, high cut, full bottom bikini and knit turtleneck top, that just reached the bottom of her breasts. The matching four-inch heels she was wearing just accentuating all of her curves. What a sight. In fact, all of the ladies present were nothing short of gorgeous and I was lucky enough to have the rest of the afternoon and evening to take in all of their beauty. I loved the frolicking when everyone is enjoying a party.

All parties however, need to end and ours was no exception. By ten o'clock that evening I was feeling little pain and the liquor had taken its inebriating toll on many of the lady guests. Marla and I had been making eye contact throughout the evening usually accompanied with a smile. This time there was a difference. I walked by as she and Lisa sat on their lounges. Marla was sitting cross-legged when she made eye contact with me. She not only smiled but, winked. I was intrigued. I also couldn't help but notice that the crotch of her swimsuit was wet. It wasn't a large stain but it was at least obvious that she had, as I almost expected, peed during our party.

In fact, as I watched, the wet stain started to glisten and I noticed a steady stream of pee fall through her chair to the grass beneath. She was right there, among her friends, peeing on her herself just as casually as though it was nothing. I don't think anyone noticed or cared. The stream slowed and then stopped. She continued smiling while straightening her legs and leaning back in the lounge. I couldn't tare my eyes away from the fresh wet stain surrounding her pussy.

The party was breaking up and Marla and Lisa volunteered to stay and help with the housekeeping. We didn't get far before we decided to put it off until tomorrow and enjoy a last drink. Candy and I joined our two friends and discussed all of the events of the evening. Actually, I listened, since I found it very difficult to tare my eyes away from the wetness in Marla's swimsuit. Besides, I was pretty sure that the pee stain I was staring at was mostly for my benefit. She stood up next to her lounge, slipped on her heels and walked over to the bar to refill her glass. I noticed that the obvious inverted «U» shaped stain covering her butt and centering on her ass crack was really from both wettings . It was almost a wetting within a wetting.

When she returned I was again faced with the mystery of what she had done. I just found her peeing on herself so fascinating. There was no doubt that her new little clit ring had gotten a thorough soaking too. By now, I wasn't the only one staring at her crotch.

Candy finally caught on saying, «Marla, honey, did you pee again?»

Marla quickly answered, «So, I'm not the only one, I know you do it to. Besides, what's a girl supposed to do when she's having a good time? Did anyone say anything?»

Because she was standing right in front of us, we could not help but stare at her crotch. Her wetting was shaped like a semi-circle beginning on each leg opening and reaching several inches above her little slit. The wetness surrounded the impression of her clit ring. The way she was standing really made it easier to look. I'm sure she wanted it that way.

Candy said it best, «Come on back and sit down. Before too much longer, I'll probably be joining you.»

I love pool parties. Anyone else like them?

