Ever wanted someone to write you a personalized story?

6th April 2010, 11:16 PM

Author: Jackbower

Location: USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 52

Summary: I'm giving people a chance to post story ideas and have them written by me(or anyone else by chance who wants to participate). I'm not 100% if this is totally welcome and completely abides by the rules. If for some reason it does not, I apologize.

I'm overall new to the fetish writing scene, and my overall writing experience is relatively limited, but I think I could at least whip something acceptable. Even if it's not the best thing you've ever read. I'm sure you know what they say though, practice makes perfect.

What I'm getting at is I'm presenting an opportunity for people to get the story they've always wanted (or at least something along those lines) if I can get honest feedback from them of its quality. Can I guarantee that it will be perfect, or just what you wanted? Can I even guarantee that I'll write it if you post? I can't do either of those things. Even if I think the story is amazing, you may not like it, and for me to write a story, I have to connect to a certain extent. For example, I'm more of a desperation fan than anything else, but that doesn't mean I can't write things for other branches of the fetish. It does mean, however, that I may not be able to connect to every story, particularly the ones that don't involve desperation (not to say I can connect to all the desperation ones either).

If you suggest something and I don't write it, please don't be offended. It's not that your idea is bad or in bad taste, it's just my probable inability to really connect to it.

With the exception of the whole practice makes perfect statement, I'm also doing this because I know for other writers, something seems sexier about reading a story someone else wrote. Maybe it's just me, but whipping up a fiction tale that features just what you want is nice, but it's for some reason better to have someone else write it (I see it like self-desperation vs seeing another person desperate), which can be hard to find sometimes. For the non-writers, they really don't have that option to write it themselves. Some people truly detest writing and that's fine. Here's their opportunity to actually have the scenario they could never see on a video or in a picture, in the next best thing, words!

If you post, please put any amount of detail you want. You can include names, descriptions of people/places, gender, as well as whether or not you want desperation, golden showers, piss drinking, embarrassment, group peeing…ect.

Some stories may be longer than others. If you want one that's particularly short, then speak up, and I will make it so. If you want one particularly long, well that's a little more difficult.

All stories will be posted in this thread with the possible and unlikely, situation that I write a multiple chapter story. In which case a separate thread may be made.

