A Fun Saturday With Kathy And Friends Part 7

18th June 2009, 03:58 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Once back at the house the softball game had not resumed. It was now really time to eat for all the food was now ready to eat. So everyone gathered around the buffet style setup and helped themselves. Kathy and I stood together going around the tables picking out what foods we wanted. I also started drinking soda no more beer which Kathy noticed but she knew that I didn't like drinking and driving. She still was having beer.

We again sat with Dave,Terry,Kerry, and Debbie and ate. We all mainly talked about possibly going out together as a group later. It wasn't decided while we ate though. Kathy and I finished and we got up and we went and took care of our trash. I wanted to take a walk which a lot of times I did to work off what I had just eaten. So Kathy and I did leave and took a walk together.

Not to far from where we were over in the woods from the next road ver was part of the old trolly line that ran from the village just east of here back to the city of Troy. So that is where Kathy and I headed to. It didn't take us very long about ten minutes of walking and we were in the woods walking the old trolly car line. The tracks are long gone but the there is a nice wide path in most spots where the old line does run in the wooded areas.

Kathy and I walked going up a hill behinds Hilts chicken farm. Then the old line makes a turn and runs along a flat section. WE reached the flat section and walked almost where a dirt road crosses over the old line and we turned around and started back. We now had walked almost a mile and a half when we did turn back.

We walked till just before the old line made its turn before going down the hill and went past behind Hilts chicken farm Kathy wanted to stop. She had to piss and so did I. Kathy said to me; I'm going to go stading like you do! I told her that was fine with me. Kathy then took her shorts completely off! She turned and told me I had to do the same! I had no problem with that. So I did it.

Kathy saw that I was only semi erect so she said to me; Let me fix that! I can wait to piss if you can Victor. I told her I could. So Kathy got in front of me squated down took a hold on my penis with her hand and slipped it right into he mouth! Oh boy second time today! That was the first thought that popped right into my head. As it turned out it was almost the same amount of time when Jeannie gave me the short bj earlier but Kathy did suck on my penis longer even after it became fully erect.

Then Kathy stood up after taking her mouth from my penis. She moved over to my left side and she trook her one hand and took a hold on my penis and the other hand she lifted u her clit. I reached over and sperated her side lips and opened them up for her. Now we were ready to take our pisses. We stood thre side by side waiting to see who would start first.

Kathy did start first. She shot out a nice long arcing piss stream which stayed together for quite a distance and then broke apart as it went downward towards the slopeing ground of the old trolly line. Watching her stream I tod Kathy; Pretty good! Kathy just let out a slight giggle. Then she asked me; When are you going to start? Well with Kathy doing her little bj on me the urge to piss became secondary very fast. I told her this. She giggled hard. Then she told me; Try to go!

I tried pushing with a series of pushes each one harder then the one before it. I just couldn't start pissing. The urge was gone. By this time Kathy was nearing the end of her piss for her stream had fallen and she was just sending a straight down stream wetting the dirt under her. This she did for several seconds and came to a dripping stop. She was done.

Kathy let go of my penis. She glanced around at the ground where we were. Now the center we were standing right now in the old trolly tracks was dirt,some gravel, and some grass. Now off to the left side there was thiick moss which kathy quickly walked over on to. She told me to come over to her. I did. The moss was thick and quite soft. Kathy spreaded her feet wide apart and pushed me down to my kness. She then simply said; Lick me!

So I leaned right over placing my tounge right on her vagina and started licking it. Since Kathy had just pissed I tasted the taste of piss on my tounge and the light oder of piss I could also smell. Kathy helped for she had both hands on the back of my head and she moved it up and down with them. I went over her entire vagina from her clit down under it where her patch of pubic hair was. That is where I had the strongest taste of piss from it for her piss had wetted it.

Kathy let me go for awhile which I enjoyed very much. Then she patted the back of my head with her hands and took a step back. I gave her one long last lick from under her vagina. flicking my tounge into it as I moved upward, and lastly gave her clit a very slow lick to finish off. Then she told me she wold finish giving me a bj. Giggling she told me that would make me finally piss!

So she laid down right on the soft moss. She told me to sit down and sraddle over her. So I did straddle over her and instead of sitting I stayed on my knees straddling over her. I told her that doing it this way would be better for you. Kathy sat up which put her just only a little above my penis so she only had to slighty lean down now.

Kathy leaned over but instead of placing her lips over on to my penis she stuck her tounge out only and started very lightly flicking and licking just the head of my penis only! She also had taken one hand and held it s it would stay still too. With her very light licking and flicking of her tounge all over my penises head after doing this for several minutes had brought on the urge to piss! I told Kathy that I had to piss now. She stopped her licking and she laid out on the moss.

She told me to scoot forward so that I would be over her head. I did this. Then she took again my penis in her hand held it and lifted herself up between my opened thighs a nd she put my balls right into her mouth and started sucking on them! Since with her licking on my penis had brought back the urge to piss I started to piss several seconds after she had started sucking on my balls.

Kathy saw my piss stream shoot out from my penis above her. She pulled her mouth off from my balls and laid her head back on the mossy ground and watched my stream shooting above her. I saw her smile. I did take a pretty long piss too. As my stream did ease Kathy moved my penis over to one side so I would not piss on on her when I did come to a stop.

I stopped. Kathy then sat back up first. Have any left? she asked me. I thought only enough to dribble I repled back to her. Go ahead! Kathy said right back to me. She leaned rght over and had her mouth open and her tounge right on the skin of the slit in my ring and lighty was touching it to catch any dribbles of my piss f any did come out. Sure enough a little did! Kathy lapped it right up! Then she went and slipped my penis into her mouth and went back to sucking on it.

Since Kathy was sitting up giving me head I reached down with my two hands and started playing with both of her breasts. I massaged them ad tweaked both of her nipples. That made her start to get excited for she started taking much longer strokes on my penis with her mouth. We went on like this for a short time. Then Kathy slowly came up on my pens sucking hard and pulled her mouth away from it.

Then she slid herself back and she got up on her knees like I was. She pulled me closer and lowered herself down so that my erect penis was now between her breasts. How bout a titty fuck Victor! I told her that was different. Lets do it! So Kathy squeezedher tits hard which both sides of them were right up against my penius and she started rubbing them on it. I started pumping making my penis slide up and down between her breasts.

It felt different fr sure! It felt good too. I managed to slip a hand down into her crotch felt for her clit and vagina. Once I did touch her clit it was stiff and slightly moist along with being quite warm. Her vagina felt wet on the finger that I had slipped into it and was now gently sliding it in and out of it.

Kathy let out a slight gasp and she massaged her breasts harder on my pumping penis!

After a few more minutes passed Kathy in a hoarse whisper asked me to let her know when I was going to cum. I told her I would. It will be soon too! I told her. Kathy then told me it wouldn't be much longer for her also. I'm getting near to cum also Victor! Kathy gasped as she she told me. So I sped up my massaging finger on her clit and the thrusting pumping finger that was inserted in her vagina.

Only a few minutes later I felt the urge that I was going to cum. I started to do the hard thrusts with my penis betwen Kathys tits. Kathy knew I was going to cum so she yanked my penis out from her breasts and bent her head right down to it and sipped it right into her mouth! She had also at te same time taken her hands from her tits and placed them on my asscheeks and pushed hard on them so she now had just about all of my penis shoved deep into her mouth.

I then right then shot out a big load of cum! Kathy had pulled back on my penis for she needed to take a quick breath. Her mouth was open and the big wad of cum shot out some of it did go in her outh while parts of it hit her lips and and the end of her nose! A second load of cum came out before Kathy slipped my penis back in her mouth. This time the seocnd load of cum didn't have the force behind it like the first load.

It dribbled off from my penis landing on Kathys breasts. I shot a third smaller load right after that one. That one she sucked right down and I also felt her tounge start licking around on my penises head. She got the last little bit of cum that came out after the third load. Kathy stayed sucking on my penis after I was done cumming.

I felt now down from her vagina she was starting to cum. So I worked my finger very fast on her clit but I did stop my finger that was inserted up inisde of it. Liquid began spurting all over the inserted finger. The way my figer was inserted in her vagina it was from the underside of her crotch. My hand got sprayed with her cum as Kathy came. Kathy came quick and hard this time. So it was just a very short time and it was over.

I did take my finger out of her vagina along with the one that was on her clit too. Kathy puloled her mouth off from my penis then. We both then being on our knees kissed many times in a row in this position. My penis was softening now as we kissed. Then Kathy and I stopped our kissing we hugged each other hard. Then Kathy said to me very softly. I have one more thing to do now.

So she scooted on her knees so she was now tightly pressed up to me with her body hard against mine. Kathy started to piss. I felt her very warm piss hit my softening penis. That is how I knew she was pissing. Kathy and I went back to kissing as she pissed on my penis. It was a short piss which was over in about ten seconds. Then we stopped our kissing and I stood up and helped her up.

Now Kathy had my cum still on her tits but the cum that was on her lips she had licked off before we started our kissing. She also got the cum off from the tip of her nose too. I went over and picked up her shorts and mine from the ground. I checked one of my pockets in myshorts. Sure enough as luck would have it. I had a napkin in one of the pockets from when we had ate. I gave it to Kathy and she used the napkin and wped my cum from her breasts.

