Average life turned...wet! part 9

12th July 2014, 01:05 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 9

Kim and Sabrina, woke early the next day, each in their own bedroom and the 2 bedrooms located on each end of the house. But Rob had been working and designing and each bedroom had their own bathroom, tv and little dressing table with a nice size mirror. The living room is in the middle of the house and connected with it is the kitchen. At first the kitchen was small and separated from the living room but Rob was able to remove the wails and put in some beams to replace the supporting wall and now the living room and kitchen where a nice size. One side of the living room was facing the front garden and drive way and the other window the patio pool and Jacuzzi. The ladies met this morning at the table, actually it was a counter top with on one side a sink and warming plate extended counter-top that served as a table for 6 persons, 3 on each side.

Sabrina just arrived before Kim and had started to prepare breakfast, just some fruits at first when Kim came in. «Morning Sabrina, had good sleep?.»

«Great Kim, my eyes were closed before my head hit the pillow.»

«Sabrina, like to suggest, drink a few glasses of water first, then some fruit pieces and let's go for a run, don't have to run far, just about 30 to 45 minutes of exercise is sufficient enough. Go and have a wee now and if you have to go during your run, just let go, no one will notice, hardly anyone here in this neighborhood and if they are they are still no up yet. After our return we will make a proper breakfast, feel naughty and sinful and make some eggs Benedict today and a glass of tomato juice and maybe we make up a batch of pancakes.»

«Hi, hi and after that we need to do more exercise to make sure the food is not building up their own living space in our body and stay!» Sabrina giggled.

The girls changed into jogging clothes, Kim lend a set of jogging clothes to Sabrina and off they went. No need for a bra since both girls had a nice shaped chest with firm and a strong set of breasts that were not really big. Actually if the ladies lay flat on their back doing some fitness stretching and their arms stretched out behind their heads you could hardly see any 'mountains' at all, just some low sand dunes as Rob called the ones from Kim teasingly. No need for panties either as the shorts were enough and were wide enough to let some air through to cool things down.

They went through the garage, dropped the door behind them and on to the street turned right. They were of to a little jogging course a few streets away with some exercise benches. That little fitness park was donated by the local businesses in order to keep their workers fit. It must have been just before 7 in the morning, no others yet around. Sabrina was not as fit as Kim but she could keep up, also because she was about 15 years younger.

At one point Kim showed a smile and slowed down a bit and Sabrina looked and then looked down and saw Kim just whizzing away. The crotch became wet, it was visible but you had to know 'what to look for'. Little stream searched a way down like a river searching for the best possible route to sea. Some of if it entering the shoe but because of the running movement most of it dripped to the ground from the knees. Sabrina followed suit, shortly afterwards. After about another 10 minutes the shorts where almost virtually dry again and so Kim and Sabrina had some more where that came from and this time the shorts were really dripping just before they entered the driveway from the house, arriving now from the other side. They opened the garage door and entered and from the garage it was only a short few steps to the bathroom.

«Don't bother showering yet Sabrina, sweat it out a bit, leave the shorts on the hamper like I do, maybe we dry them later, hang them outside or use the drier, no need for washing them every day. Once every 2 or 3 runs should be sufficient I think. Anyway, love to hold them against my face just before putting them on again in the morning.» The girls took a small towel and walked into the kitchen and started preparing for breakfast. They were both actively preparing and cooking, Sabrina the sauce, and Kim poaching the eggs!

When the food was ready they took their plates outside and sat down on the seats by the patio table. «What a feast» Sabrina said. Juice, espresso, glass of water, eggs Benedict, some mixed fruits that Kim had sliced up quickly.

«So Sabrina, what shall we do today, we can take a drive to the falls? It is quite a drive, little over 3 hours for sure but the Havasu falls are spectacular and often no one is around. A lot of people visit but funny enough, rarely all at the same time ha, ha. Rob and I go there some time and be naughty, the water is not really that cold at all. We take a tent and a back pack and stay overnight, there is a camping nearby but several times we just had a sleeping bag and fell asleep near the pond and no one has ever checked and hushed us away. We did have some nice and very wet love making there, ha ha, once we almost floated out of our sleeping bags! Rob won't be home until tomorrow and then we make him a little surprise, it is his Birthday soon anyway so might no suspect anything unusual yet. I spoke to Rob last night on the phone but I did not mention that you were here so she we can even really surprise him. «

«How about we stay around here for today Kim, I him very excited about our plans we made and would like to prepare for the party. I will call the waiter from the restaurant last night to set things up concerning decorations and some food preparations and see if I seduce him in coming over to bring some things by already.»

«Right Kim, let's do this right! I will go shopping early afternoon so we don't have to do that in the last moment.»

Sabrina looked around the patio and asked about the solar panels on the roof, you would not notice them so quick, they were not so obvious. She asked Kim about it and it seemed that hey had a double system. One set was for generating power and storing it in a battery and was used for laptops, routers, the TV, charging the phones and so on and the second system was pumping some current back into the net. Also there were a set of panel that were for making hot water for the shower and kitchen.

The swimming pool had its own set, build entirely by Rob, some collectors with black hoses sunning over them and pointing itself automatically to were the sun rays were at its strongest and following the movement of the sun. Somehow a tank was build under the ground also to store warm water. The system Rob had figured out to keep the pool at a very near constant temperature of 80 to 85 F. Then there was the Jacuzzi that needed a little extra help to raise its temperature.

The women cleaned up, and cleaned the pool when Sabrina asked, «How about the neighbors, I see the small fence but you are not worried they take a peek?»

«Yes sure, but actually we have been living here several years now, actually many years and rarely saw the neighbors, they first had that house as permanent but since they changed jobs a few states away the kept this as their 2nd home. But until recently we bumped into each other and got finally properly introduced, and what fun was that but I won't go into that now, tell you about that later, maybe you if you are in luck you might meet them someday. We have actually been discussing with them to remove the fence and combining our yards and building a real swimming pool complete with decorations 'tunnel of love' cave etc and maybe a pool bar.»

«Pool bar Kim? Wow, sounds 'kinky' ha ha, would love to see how you guys are using that!»

«Of course, you will be invited for the opening Sabrin, count on it. Over here we don't have many friends, an older couple nearby that I got to know through my work I will baby sit the little dog once a year and the now the neighbors, that's about it. We are waiting for unexpected visits from neighborhood people and suddenly unexpectedly be caught in our innocent fetish fun and land in jail maybe or be kicked out of town. But on our holidays we love to meet other people and be naughty a bit. We are usually going to naturist places of sometimes having a taste of the swinging lifestyle in an all inclusive resort in the Caribbe .

No Rob and I are not really swingers but? Who knows, I really hope you and I can lure him into a threesome or Trio as they call it in those resorts. One time they had this 'nude pool' with a pool bar especially made for erotic fun. A round places with bar stool in to the water and in front of you of course a little counter but with a seat facing you. So for instance your partner would sit on the bar facing you and you sit between his or her legs. Your partners leans backwards and of course on both sides next other couples. Sometimes even lesbian or bisexual ladies and the husband is looking on. And occasional even a gay couple. «

«Are they that liberal? really Kim?»

No problem, everyone is happy no one is commenting badly on each other. The barman or woman the prepares shots of tropical liqueurs and they are good at it, making a nice show making liquors mixes or so. The people sitting on the bar lean backwards, almost laying down and the bar people pour the drink on that person on top of the chest. The drink travels down and it is the challenge for the person on the bar-stool to catch it before it falls of the person on the bar itself and then travels back between the cracks of the ass. It can be hilarious really with the right crowd. Of course it turns into a big oral party. You don't want that drink go to waste so you lick it up from between the folds of the pussy or from your partners cock and if it does hits the bar, you have to be quick and reach with your tongue between the cheeks to lap it up. The one who is the naughtiest or the quickest gets a price, usually another free shot ha ha.»

«Sounds like a lot of Fun, any change of any 'peeing around'?» Sabrina wanted to know.

«Well the downside is that by the pool edge some local women, and I must say, are not looking like they enjoy it and are often overweight and in some kind of brown uniform with a bottle of pepper spray hanging from their belt. They should have been hired as a customs officer at the airport, they would fit right in.»

«Oh, what for is that bummer scene» Sabrina wanted to know. «Well even it is known as a swingers resort and having naughty disco nights, toga parties etc. They don't want you to have public sex. No sexual activity in full view and they check for that. On stroke of affection too much or if a guy is walking round and is prick comes around the corner before he does and you get a warning, three strikes and you are out without discussion and without a refund of the lost nights. But in the case of the pool bar show they make an exeption and a little licking and stroking in the disco with dimmed lights is also excepted.

But of course Rob and I are looking how far we can go. Right through thje disco area is a transparent tube slide. On top of the roof of the disco is also a hottub with a see through floor that the people from the disco can look up and near the hottub is the beginning of a slide. Now the hottub is not officially in the nude area but at night no one is wearing anything for sure and do some touching in the tub to make some entertainment for the disco guests. So one time Rob and I went down the slide at 12 at night, in the nude of course and laying down and producing a lovely fountain travelling down the tube, nice for us but I don't think many people in the disco had noticed it.»

«Maybe someday I will check it out when I find the right guy», Sabrina said, «Sounds worth a visit but I do not have had a lot of luck yet finding an open minded partner that I would want to spend the rest of my life with, actually the waiter we had last night was the first in a long time I met that seemed very nice, sweet eyes and something in his pants for sure and he did get a boner overhearing our pee adventure wishes.»

«Well girl, make a move, you've got is number, see if he is willing to help out with the preparation of the party tomorrow and take it from there!. Ha ha, that reminds me, at the body shot bar when I was sitting on the bar and had the shot travelling down, I knew Rob was not going to lick it up fast enough before it was hitting my by now 'Wet sea shell' and completely opened up, was a bit scared the alcohol might sting but it did not. Rob put his chin almost between my ass cheeks an held his mouth open and the stream bounced op my clit straight into his mouth, of course I gave him a few shots of my own and he almost choked on it.

He pulled his mouth away to swallow and just as he did that a little squirt escaped from my pussy hitting him on the forehead! The people next to us must have seen it because they giggled and said, wow, that was a good shot, we will try that the next time and the men produced a hard on that almost came up over the bar counter ha ha. We have done it several times and it was great fun doing it.»

The girls finished the conversation and got a move on making preparations. Around lunch time Kim got ready to go and do some shopping and Sabrina cleaned up the kitchen. «Sabrin, when you are done, take nap in my bedroom, there is a very quiet airco there, and a tv, just lay down and take a rest dear. Some old reruns of Robs favorite might be showing, Laverne and Shirley and Happy Days maybe, Rob is still waiting for the reruns of Mork and Mindy, we love those shows, or if you like, some of our favorite subject dvd's are there somewhere too, look in the cabinet under the tv. And take your pick! See ya later, have fun, I will be back in a few hours and we can see if you have learned anything from those dvd's maybe hi, hi.»

Kim showered, dressed lightly and got into the car and drove off. Sabrina cleaned the kitchen which was easy because the house was spotless. When she put away some things she found an old ice cream maker and a blender in the kitchen cabinet and was going to think up some recipe's later that might be suitable for the party. She was a bit tired and horny too but decided to put on a pair of panties and went into Kim and Rob's bedroom laid down on the bed and switched on the tv. A rerun of the Cunninghams was on and after it finished she then decided to browse through the dvd's. There were many, most of them probably ordered from Europe and some oriental ones as well. She could not make an easy choice, she just closed her eyes and picked one and slipped it in the player.

Propped up a pillow and covered herself with a sheet because of the airco it was comfortable but a bit cold.

She later remembered not even a minute from the movie, she dozed off very quickly.

During her sleep she turned and turned and finally relaxed laying on her left side head under the pillow and arm under her head right knee pulled up.

Rob, in the mean time has had a few busy days but was able to wrap things up early, did not have much time checking the pee search website and only read about that Kim was thinking up some stories. He was too busy anyway and even was unable to relax and set his mind to pleasuring himself. He wasn't expected home for another day but he decided to surprise Kim, maybe a nice drink by the pool and discuss and agree on a date for the wedding is what we have to do, we never got around to that yet.

Rob entered his car, started it, switched on the airco and got out again before he cooked himself in it and would have been 'well done' before long. While outside, he start taking his suit of, jacket and tie not required anymore, shirt? And gone was the shirt, pants? Well? He looked, no one around and took down his pants and decided to drive in his boxers. He got into his car and drove off. He wasn't planning a stop so with any luck he would be home before 4 pm and surprise Kim.

«Damn, I am horny, I hope Kim as well, can't wait to taste her and make love, and give her the facial cream she desires so much, see if I can reach her G-spot again and get a face full during her orgasm, never can get enough of that.» He talked to himself.

Rob entered his driveway sometime later and failed to notice the car that was parked on the street just several yards from his house. He entered the house quietly and that he had not seen Kim's car did not get noticed either, could be in the garage or she is at work he must have thought.

Went into the bathroom to freshen up and saw the 2 pairs of shorts on the hamper? «2 pairs he thought? «So! she must have been busy exercising a lot maybe». He picked both shorts up and they were still a bit damp. He pressed them to his face and tasted both of the shorts fronts and was in heaven and something started waking up in his pants. He put the shorts down and quietly went to their bedroom, noticed the tv was on and softly dropped to his knees at the end of her bed. He saw her laying there and could not see her head as it was under the pillow, very slow her back moved up and down slightly with ever breath, she was in a deep sleep he realized.

Rob stuck his head under the sheets near her feet and moved up hoping he would not wake her up that quick. Yellow panties

? How suitable he grinned, have had the correct day of the week written on it.

He noticed a wet spot, about a square inch, and he imagined that she was dreaming of him and it must be a wet dream for sure. He stuck his tongue out and started licking on the wet spot. «what a taste!» He thought, he felt so lucky with this soon to be wife of his and continued licking and pressing his nose into it more and more. He knew where her pee hole must be just about so he pressed his nose against that.

Suddenly he few squirts spraying out and the wet spot grew 2 or 3 times in size and Rob kept lapping at it.

Some movement, legs moved, arms stretched, Kim was waking up, so he thought, a yawn and he softly said «Hi dear, I taste you have been thinking of me, what an incredible taste you have dear.

Suddenly all movement stopped, a soft screech and a soft, «Nice but WTF is going on!» Somehow Rob did not recognize that voice «she is acting or upset?» he thought. He pulled away the sheets and looked into Sabrina's wide open eyes.

«Sorry» Rob said,» really truly sorry, I really thought Kim my fiance was sleeping in our bed, who are you anyway?»

Sabrina explained who she was and that she was on a first visit since a long time and heard from Kim that Rob wasn't due until tomorrow so Kim invited her to stay a few more days.

Rob was a bit shocked, O dear, stepdaughter, how awful you must feel what I just did, you must feel so unsafe now, I will just wait in the kitchen for Kim and talk with her, please don't be upset.»

Sabrina smiled a bit, «don't worry Rob, I am Sabrina and not really Kim's stepdaughter, the stepdaughter title I only had for a few months long ago so don't worry. Actually it was nice waking up that way but don't feel upset about it, you could not have possibly know I was here if Kim did not tell you, no harm done.»

Rob went into the kitchen and made himself a glass of lemonade and but one of Kim's produced ice cubes into it.

About 10 minutes later Kim returned home. She was surprised to find Rob already home, «there goes my surprise party» she thought.

«Hi Rob, did not expect you back so soon already, you are a day early! I have to introduce you to a friend of mine, she is the daughter of my ex- husband, don't know where she is hanging out but you have not seen her yet?»

«Well uh, actually I have to tell you the truth, I have just arrived minutes ago and went to the bedroom and thought you were asleep so I eh, huh, thought I surprise you a bit, but the surprise was totally on me.»

Kim tried to pretend to look surprised and angry but could not and could hardly control her laughing, «Does not matter Rob, she is ok, hope she didn't get startled too much or had an instantaneous orgasm ha ha, depending on what you did to the poor girl ha ha.»

«Actually Rob, it sounds awkward maybe, but you are not welcome at the moment because Sabrina and I have some plans to prepare you a birthday party and don't want you around and give away all the fun beforehand. Why don't you go to the garage, work some, sleep in the guest bedroom near your office and come back tomorrow at three, how is that, and since you are working some extra time, maybe take a few days off after that, it is weekend than anyway.

Sabrina came out of the bedroom in her damp panties and had slipped on a sheer top. She was smiling very seductively at Rob but also quickly changed the smile to an innocent shy one. Rob's face produced some red spots now and there was some movement in his pants so he turned around said his 'see you laters' and left.

«Pffwa, that was close Sabrina, spoiling the surprise, I can see you had an enjoyable moment, I see you like Rob too now don't you. When is that waiter coming over to talk things through?»

«Yes Rob has a nice touch, I almost came and that just from a few flicks with his tongue, he knew were to touch and I guess I peed a little in his mouth. Yes the waiter, I expect him any moment now, his name is Nicolas, I told him what we want be did not give the intimate details yet and take the risk of him coming in his pants again in front of his colleagues ha ha.»

«Oh Man, do I look forward to what we are getting ready for, Rob will be going out of his mind!» Kim said.

To be continued in part 10.

