Club adventures Part 2

1st June 2013, 02:40 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Grace and Julie returned to the dance floor where they continued to flirt and dance. Feeling the need to rest yet again, both girls retired to the both. They had been chatting for a while when Grace brought up their previous escapde in the ladies room.

"Must say" She chimed up, "You were quite gracious to share your toliet with me earlier, another few seconds and I would have been soaked. I hope I didn't get you too wet" she said with an awkward face.

"Not at all, and your aim was quite superb" Julie replied with a smile, "us girls got to stick together, glad we both managed to stay dry"

"F@$%ing queues" replied Grace, "they'll be the death of me one day!"

"somehow I doubt that Gracie" Julie replied, " you can always find somewhere to go, especially a girl of you're skill at peeing"

Grace raised her eyebrow questioningly.

Julie went one, "we girls, we're always raised to believe we can't pee anywhere but sitting on a toliet... it's simply not true, or so I've discovered. For instance, remember at your house that time... When I stood and peed in the sink?"

"How could I forget" laughed Grace

"Well theres always that, or you could pee in the drain on the floor, or run outside an go"

Grace laughed, "you've clearly thought this out a bit"

Julie smiled, "always good to have a back up plan. If you had taken that lone cubical back there, It would have been the sink for me, I couldn't wait!!"

Grace laughed then smiled, "Your welcome to share my cubical anytime. Besides, its not the first time I've shared"

Now it was Julies turn to look inquisitive.

Grace chuckled, "remember my ex Dan?"

Julie gasped, "you didn't!!"

Grace nodded, "It was early when we were dating, we went out to a party, and I spent the night at his place. When we woke up the next morning, we were both bursting, could barely walk, and he only had one bathroom, so I sat and peed and peed between my legs."

Julie felt a twinge from her refilled bladder, ignoring it she crossed her legs. "wow" she said. "I'm learning all kind of things about you tonight Gracie."

Grace smiled, "it was actually really hot to site there, and watch his cock pour a stream of piss pour into the toliet. We had amazing sex afterwards."

Another twinge, Julie ignored it still. "you and pissing cocks eh? You really do have penis envy don't you Gracie" she said with a smile.

"God yes" Grace laughed, " I used to wonder what it would be like to be able to stand and piss on a tree, or into a urinal. I used to get Dan to tell me about it."

Julie laughed, "course now you know!"

Grace laughed and then thought for a minute, "maybe one day they'll put urinals in girls rooms for those of us brave enough to use them! wouldn't that be fantastic?"

Julie nodded, "abolish queues" she said absentmindly, her bladder had now filled to the point she wasn't sure she would be able to walk to the bathrooms on the otherside of the dance floor.

Grace continued, "love to be able to stand and watch all those desperate girls pouring out their streams into the pisser, be quite a nice site"

Julie felt her pee shoot towards her crotch. She gasped and grabbed crotch, regaining control.

Grace noticed this, "you need to go too? God i'm about to explode again. My bladder hurts so much"

Julie nodded, "I don't know if i can walk, I almost soaked you sitting here right now!!"

Grace looked up at where the bathrooms were, "F*** they are far away aren't they, well lets go"

As the girls stood up they both felt their bladders shift, causing them to bend over and grab their crotches. The began to shuffle across the crowded bar hand in hand. Half way there Julie stopped to bend over and grab herself as she felt herself lose control for a second. A jet of piss shot out and dampened her tights. "mmmmm, Gracie I'm losing it" she said as she scrunched up her face

"common, we gotta keep going, I already lost a little bit myself, I can't wait for you!!!"

Julie regained her composure and the two girls continued their awkward stumble towards the bathroom. On reaching a the ladies room, the horrified girls were met with a queue longer then the one they'd endured earlier.

Grace hobbled past it, into the empty mens room, dragging Julie with her. A desperate Julie did not protest. The mens room was small, one out of order stall and 2 urinals against the wall.

Grace, her legs tightly criss crossing hobbled to the urinal, lifting her skirt and pulling aside her panties

. As they cleared her pussy lips a massive jet of hot pee shot out of her, missing the urinal and blasting the wall. Grace adjusted her hips, shooting her stream into the urinal where it sloshed and gurled down the drain. Julie mean while hobbled up next to her, dropped her tights and released her own powerful stream into the second urinal. Both girls sighed with relief as they stood next to each other pissing at the urinals.

They heard the door open and both turned their heads to look. A young man entered, and stood staring, obviously shocked at the sight of two young ladies standing side by side pissing into the mens urinals

Julie blushed as she continued to gush piss. It was the boy she had been dancing with earlier. "sorry, we were both pissing ourselves and the line to the ladies was monsterous" see said quietly.

"Not an issue" the man said, his hand going to his crotch, "only problem is i'm rather desperate for a piss myself, will you ladies be long"

Both girls were still blasting waterfalls from their pussies, "I still feel like I have an ocean in me" said Grace. "Me too" said Julie. "you poor guy though, i know how you feel" Pinching off with some effort, Julie turned around and adopted a squat over the urinal. Angling her pussy down she began her torrent of piss again. "here, go ahead"

The man hesistated for a sec, but then strode over, pulled out his cock and began his own torrent into the urinal between Julie's legs. Julie looked away at Grace, who smiled at her, her own stream starting to slow down. For 30 seconds there was silence, just the trickling sound of emptying bladders. The girls streams died off, leaving only the man, who continued to pee for another 45 seconds, a look of relief on his face. As his stream trickled and died. Grace spoke up, "sorry to invade your territory friend"

The man smiled shyly, as he put away his cock. "not a problem, they should make the bathrooms here bigger" before turning to Julie, still squatting naked over the urinal, "thanks for sharing"

Julie blushed, "not a problem, sorry what was your name again?"

"Andrew" he said.

Julie stood up and kissed him passionately, "Any time Andrew" she said

Grace now standing by the sinks burst out laughing, "thats one way to pick up a guy" she laughed

