The Farmer's Daughters, Chap12

25th September 2006, 06:29 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is chapter 12, chapter 11 is not done and may not be for a while.

What interest is there?

Here goes:

«Gee's Linda what a beautiful car. Lets take it somewhere, in fact let's go down town and show it off a little.»

Linda had called her best friend earlier that morning to invited her to come over to the farm to see her new car. The car was really a present to herself because her financial adviser suggested that with the new tax laws it was really a good idea. It was a «good idea» too. Even though she really was going a little overboard buying a new Lexus roadster. She still new it was the perfect car for her. A Lexus was also exactly what she and Carol needed whenever they ventured out to the club. Besides if you like showing off, why not be serious about it. The car was already a little dusty from the road trip out to the farm, so when she called Carol, she suggested that at least they needed to go for a ride. Their first stop might have to be the car wash in town.

The weather was perfect, as usual and with the afternoon looking like it might become especially warm, Carol dressed accordingly. When she stepped out of her car smiling, she just looked so exciting. Linda just had to notice that her friend was also quite beautiful. She was getting sexier all the time and even though Carol was in her mid thirties, she still wasn't afraid to dress 'like a women who was much younger'. A very brief pair of yellow short shorts really accented her hips and bottom and just made her already long legs even longer. A loose fitting white blouse did little to hide her ample breasts and in the right light it was easy to notice their nearly perfect tear drop shape. Linda also noticed that Carol had worn her usual woven heeled sandals that made her bubble butt poke out even a little more. Yes, Carol was sexy, very sexy and she realized it.

«Come on honey, lets go in the house while I make a quick change and then we'll drive downtown.» There was no way she was going to let Carol dress like this without at least making some effort to compete with her. Besides, driving around in a convertible roadster while wearing a housedress was just not going to do. She headed to the bedroom with Carol in tow.

Carol kind of thought this would happen and intentionally had worn these shorts thinking the two of them would probably do something exciting. She followed her friend into her bedroom as Linda pulled her housedress over her head and threw it in the corner with some other dirty clothes. She was suddenly only wearing her own pair of heeled sandals and what seemed to be a new pair of beige, high cut, control panties, the same style that she always preferred. Carol couldn't help but notice a nearly dried wet stain forming a crescent about a third of the way up her bottom crack. It was obvious that sometime earlier in the day Linda had wet herself. She said nothing.

Linda quickly reached in a dresser drawer for a pair of baby blue shorts similar to Carol's except that these had slits about a third of the way up the sides. When Linda struggled into them they exposed even more of her beautiful legs. She reached into her closet for a matching blouse. «Come on let's drive to town».

Carol thought it odd that Linda didn't change her panties, but then maybe she'd forgotten that she'd peed in them. Her friend could be so distracting and casual about her toilet habits. Watching Linda enabled her mind to wonder back to other similar events while her own cotton, high cut panties started to dampen a bit from her lubricating juices. She loved the resultant slippery feeling in her pussy. A growing need to empty her own bladder was forgotten. She followed Linda out to the car, noticing the swaying of Linda's butt and the obvious double crotch band showing through her shorts.

«We need to stop at Murry's Auto Parts for a car wash kit. I just won't let those young kids wash my new car. Will you help me?»

It only took them a few minutes to collect the car wash stuff once they reached the parts store. However, they soon realized that they were causing quite a stir. Not a single guy's eyes ventured far from either one of their butts the entire time they were there. Once they wiggled out of the store, Linda couldn't pass on the opportunity. «Men are just so easy, Carol can you believe it?»

Carol hadn't bothered to look for the convenient bathroom in the store. Her need was growing but she was just too distracted by all the attention she was getting to use it. Almost casually, she let something else wet seep past her pussy lips. Her cotton panties quickly soaked up the offering. She felt the wetness soak her crotch but still thought her panties should provide that extra degree of protection. She would just wait and probably find something later. Her mind wondered for a second back to the stain in Linda's panties.

They were off to the car wash with Linda now driving a little to fast. Both were immediately involved in girl talk. Mostly about who's butt looked hottest or who's affair seemed to be the most exciting.

Jerry saw these two beautiful blonds as they drove onto the lot. In an instant they were stopped in front of him explaining how they wanted to hand wash their new car themselves. «Ladies, if you wish, just pull it over to the side. There is a hose and nozzle already to go». He was glad he was wearing sunglasses because they afforded a perfect opportunity to check out these two obviously sexy women. He could not tear his eyes away from that «V» in the passengers yellow shorts. They were so tight that the seam evenly divided her pussy lips. He also noticed a bit of discoloration nearly surrounding those lips. It was a slight stain that he thought was rather a turn on. Jerry's mind raced back to a certain Carl's Junior hamburger commercial. Was he really going to get to watch them wash their car.

They were not the best at it, but Linda and Carol managed to get most of the soap and water on the car and were soon using the towels to start the drying process. For the second time Carol mentioned her need to pee just as more wetness soaked her panties. Linda just ignored her, only half noticing that Carol was clenching her legs together or using her hand to cup her mound. Once, she saw her use her thumb and forefinger to pull her shorts away from her crotch.

Carol had moved to the far side of the car as she almost casually mentioned, «there's just no place to go pee is there?» She stopped drying the fender with her towel while at the same time separating her legs about a foot and a half. She couldn't and wasn't going to hold it any longer, as almost at that same moment a steady stream of pee was teasing her pussy on its way through her panties and yellow shorts, followed by a journey down her long legs. Her pee was warm and it only got warmer as the wetness spread about her crotch and wicked its way up her ass crack. She was sure no one would notice.

Almost no one did. Linda didn't anyway. She was to busy telling her friend about all of the cars conveniences and anyway, probably would not have cared what her friend was doing while standing just across from her.

Carol was doing a good job covering her little «accident,» just by asking all the right questions. «Does the car do this, well how about that?» The quiet hissing sound centered inside Carol's panties was discreetly disguised. She let the flow continue, as it ran down her legs to the already wet pavement while saying, «look my side of the car is nearly dry.» Carol was good and had learned all the ways of her sister, Marylyn, but she hadn't learned everything. She was just finishing a thorough wetting in her pants but could she get away with it.

Jerry was returning from the locker room where the cleansers were stored when he routinely looked up at the two beautiful women washing their new car. He was almost shocked too notice the beautiful blond facing away, her back was to him and her legs slightly spread. A steady stream of wetness was pouring from her crotch onto the ground beneath her. Hell, this beautiful creature, he'd been so discreetly eyeing was standing right in front of him peeing herself. It was an incredible sight too, as the pee ran out of her crotch, an ever growing stain began spreading in her shorts. It was a crescent shape that he'd seen many times before in the clothing that his older sister commonly wore. Just like her, this sexy lady was casually wetting down her legs. His member instantly enlarged itself and the air passage in his throat almost closed.

«Carol, get over here and look at this, doesn't it look great», Linda was finished and thought that they had accomplished their project. «Check it out».

Carol was just a bit hesitant, but had to walk around to Linda's side. Almost casually she commented, «let's have a look», and reached first between her legs to feel her wet pussy and then reached behind her to pull her panties loose from her soaking ass, while still walking to the other side of the car.

Linda could not miss the stain surrounding her friends mound even if she had tried hiding it. «Did you just wet in your pants?»

Carol stopped, spread her legs a bit and stared down between them. She laughed as she said, «I did a little wet didn't I. I swear there was nothing I could do since there wasn't a toilet. What was I supposed to do anyway?»

«See now you know what I mean when it can't be helped. Sometimes ladies need to just go in their panties. It happens to us all. Don't worry, now your just one of us pee pants girls.» With that they both broke out laughing. «Oh Carol, honey, it's nothing. We do it all the time, come on, get in the car and let's go. Here please sit on this towel, it'll protect the seat.»

Jerry hadn't missed a thing. He never removed his eyes from the wetting stains covering Carol's bottom and pussy even though he had seen his older sister do it countless times growing up. She claimed that she had a weak bladder and convinced their mother that she could not help wetting. Her mother eventually gave in agreeing that 'it was just a girl thing'. Jerry remembered many an afternoon with his sister doing chores around the house in peed jeans. He longingly remembered the almost symmetrical stains on the insides of her legs and the smell of «girl pee». Oh my God, did he love that.

Linda and Carol were off for town. Linda tried to concentrate on her driving while still eyeing Carol as she adjusted her shorts. Carol was trying to insert a finger inside her wet shorts to pull her bunched panties loose. «Where should we go when we get to the stores. I wonder if I should go in just anyplace looking like this. I think almost anyone will know what I did. What do you think?»

