The Apprentice Pisser Pt 5 (non-cons F/F GS)

4th August 2010, 08:53 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Okay..here's the disclaimer. This story features fictitious non-consensual GS. If you don't enjoy this sort of story please stop reading now and rejoin in the next part 'the holding contest'. I genuinely wouldn't want anyone to take offence so now is the time to stop if you don't like non-cons GS.

Still here...good. Hope you enjoy, and if you do, or if you have any ideas for future tasks etc please let me know..by replying to the thread or by PM

The Apprentice Pisser Pt 5: Just Desserts

All eyes turned to Sophie. It was time for her to wrap up the show...

"So Jaime did you enjoy your time on the show?"

"To be honest, not really" she replied. "I wanted the $75,000" she replied "but all this love of piss is really weird. You're like freaks or something. The only good bit was watching Sharon get pissed on. How much fun was that, seeing someone just using her as their toilet. I loved watching her get completely drenched in hot piss. Stupid cow, I can't believe she took my place. I'll be watching each week to see the losing girl get her golden shower, and I'll know that I was the one smart enough to get away with avoiding it"

" What do you think? " asked Sophie "do you think she should 'get away' with avoiding her golden shower?'

"NO!" shouted the contestants and the audience together.

"Do you think she should get her just desserts?"

"YES!" they chorused as one

"Wait a minute, this isn't fair" spluttered Jaime "Sharon took my place. You can't just have another shower in the programme, that's not the rules"

"I think you'll find we're making up the rules as we go along" Sophie replied . 'Maggie and Collette...'

For the second time that afternoon Maggie and Collette led Jaime to centre stage and held her down

"We promised you every aspect of pee fun, so we would be letting you down if we didn't demonstrate the non-consensual side of things" said Sophie

"That's right" said Sharon "For some, non-consensual peeing is beyond the pail. For others of us, there's nothing nicer than soaking someone who doesn't want it..just as long as it's somone who truly deserves it. In this case Jaime has been very disparaging about us and our fetish, so its up to us to make sure she receives her just desserts"

"As a way to shut up someone spoilt or bitchy it cetainly beats a pie in the face" added Collette. "And its especially nice of they have on a new outfit or have had their hair done..it's the ultimate naughty piss."

"It won't do you any good" blustered Jaime "Helen's given everything she had to Sharon"

"Sadly that's true" confirmed Helen

" Don't worry about that Jaime" laughed Maggie "I'm sure that plenty of the other girls have nice full bladders"

"Michelle..as the losing team captain you were brave enough to put yourself forward, so provided you have nice full bladder..." Collette suggested

Michelle mimed holding herself in desperation.

"Excellent. Then if you would do the honours"

"Michelle won't do it" bluffed Jaime "We're team mates and team mates stick together, don't they Michelle..Michelle"

"I'm sorry Jaime, but you did let the team down" said Michelle "and all those horrid things you said about our fetish. I feel it's my duty to let you experience the joys of a lovely golden shower."

Michelle was wearing a silver coloured shirt, and tight fitting black jeans which she pulled down and stepped out of. Beneath, she was wearing a red thong, which she pulled to one side, and slowly and purposefully crouched down over Jaime.

The other girls all moved in as close as they could, so they could get the best possible view of what was about to happen

From her position on the floor, and thanks to Michelles consdierate shaving, Jaime had a crystal clear view of Michelle's beautiful pussy lips and pee hole, just inches above her face. At any second she knew that a stream of hot piss would be despatched from Michelle's pussy and onto her face. Was there still time for her to rescue herself?

"This isn't fair. You can't do this" she wailed. "Michelle, I'm appealing to you as a fellow woman, don't do this. You've made your point, but I was on your side"

There was a pause while Jaime waited for the inevitable..all eyes were on Michelle's pussy waiting for the stream to start...but nothing happened. Was Michelle having second thoughts?

"Go for it Michelle" encouraged Lucy

"Just imagine you're on the toilet; just think about the great feeling of relief.» added Tori

"Give her some encouragement" Nicollette suggested and started a chant of "Soak her, Soak her Soak her" which the crowd took up

For a moment Jaime thought she might just get away with it and that Michelle would prove to be bladder shy, but the support from her fellow contestants had clearly done the trick and suddenly, without warning, the first jet of pee shot forth wildly, splashing the side of Jaime's face but mostly landing on the floor. Getting her stream under control Michelle aimed carefully and began to soak Jaime's gorgeous red hair. Hot wet piss rained down over the beautifully coiffured locks for a special pissy hair wash that destroyed Jain'e expensive new do. The crowd were screaming their approval, and the other contestants were laughing and applauding as the warm stream matted Jaime's red locks to her forehead and dripped down on all sides.

Then Michelle directed her spray over Jaime's face, the still powerful stream splashing powerfully over every inch of it, while the unlucky contestant kept her mouth and eyes clamped shut.

Suddenly Tori moved round so she was standing over Jaime's lower torso, where the beautiful new dress remained unharmed. She put up her hand "Please Miss, may I use the loo?" she asked, laughing.

"Well it's only supposed to be one girl who...Oh what the heck" said Sophie.."Go for it", and Tori quickly hitched up her green skirt, pulled her yellow cotton knickers to one side and let loose a powerful piss jet all over the beautiful garment.

She had clearly been desperate and now experienced an incredible rush as she watched the gorgeous, expensive garment get ruined by her piss tream. The dress, a white number, with red flowers on it, quickly became see through in several places, revealing, for example, that Jaime had decided against wearing a bra. "Great tits!" remarked Tori despite herself, but Jaime was in no mood for compliments

"My new dress..you bitch!" she wailed as she felt the golden wee saturate through her dress and soak her skin below; "I can't believe you're doing this to me and then..uurrgghh". Seizing her opportunity, Michelle had quickly aimed her piss stream into Jaime's mouth. It was clear Jaime wasn't a natural piss drinker from her reaction to the bitter taste, but seizing the moment Lucy quickly put her hand over Jaime's nose so the unfortunate girl had no choice but to swallow the golden drink. It was strong and bitter, a real first pee of the morning, and Jaime couldn't quite believe she was drinking some other girls piss

"Thanks Lucy" yelled Michelle, while this experience had been fun, she found herself unexpectedly turned on at the sight of this gorgeous girl swallowing her golden rain, and gave Jaime a good ten seconds worth before she felt her stream finally dying down.Tori's stream became a trickle too and finally both girls stopped.

Having wiped herself on the corner of Jaime's dress, Michelle stepped away from her recipient, and stepped back into her knickers and jeans. Tori took off her yellow knickers and through them into the crowd like a triumphant tennis player at Wimbledon. She watched as a woman in her early 30s caught them, held the still warm panties reverendly and, beaming, placed them carefully in her pocket for further careful attention later on. Then Tori replaced her skirt and stepped away from Jaime.

"So there you have it" said Sophie "this really is the gameshow where anything can happen..I'd just hate to be on the cleaning crew! In next week's show the girls will take part in a holding contest. I've no idea what will happen or who will win, but I can promise you it will all end in a lot of very wet knickers. Meanwhile this week we've said goodbye to Jaime. Thanks for taking part Jaime, we'll help you get cleaned up now..thanks to you for tuning in, see you next week on 'The Apprentice Pisser' and the end credits rolled.

Next Part: The Holding Contest

