A Fun Saturday With Kathy And Friends Part 6

17th June 2009, 02:03 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

While waiting for the softball game to resume Kathy and I each got another beer and we talked with Dave,Terry,Kerry,and Debbie. I noiticed that Terry had changed her shorts too. After a short time the girls told us they would be right back so they walked towards the house and went inside leaving us guys there by ourselves. We did talk for sevral more minutes. Now since I didn't finish my piss down in the woods the urge to piss had built back up and I had to go again.

So I told Dave and Kerry I would be right back so I left them and went inside the house. I didn't see the three girls once inside and the line for the bathroom there were still several poeple waiting so I did what Kathy and I had done went outside the front door of the house and went over to the woods again and strated back down the hill to the creek again to piss. Just as I reached the dege of the woods to go down the hill Jeannie shouted out to me.

I stopped and turned around. She was running across the front yard and came over to me. Hey Victor are you going to go down in the woods and piss again? she asked me as she ran up to me. I told her I was. Then Jeannie said Good! I want to come with you! Come on Jeannie! I said to her. Your going to get me in trouble. I am with Kathy and you knw that! Jeannie giggled and repolied she knew that. Then giggling she told me that there was a little fun on the side if I would let her come with me. What do you mean Jeannie? I asked back. Well if you let me come with you you will see! Jeannie said back to me.

I didn't reply back to her. I started down the hill and she followed me. The only way I could have stopped this was to turn around and go back to the house but I didn't. I had to piss and also Idid wonder what Jeannie ment by having a litle fun. Maybe she was also going to let me see her piss again. Jeannie giggling told me to wait up again so I slowed and let her cach up to me. We now walked down the hillside together heading for the botom and the creek.

As we walked down the hill I was getting erect real fast and Jeannie told me laughing that her sistor Terry had wet her shorts. Now I knew why Terry had changed her shorts. She also told me that Kathy had pissed her shorts too! I asked her how she knew that. Oh us girls were talking together in the bedroom together! she said to me. Oh so that is where they went I said to Jeannie. She giggled some more and now we had reached the bottom of the hill now.

Well go ahead and pee Victor! Jeannie said to me as soon as we had stopped walking when we reached the botom of the hill. Jeannie had both of her hands up on the top of her shorts and undid the button on them as she tood there facing me. The thought came right into my mind that she was going to piss agin and let me watch. I then had a little smile on my ips and I pulled my zipper down on my shorts. Jeannie let out a litle giggle as I did this with her watching me.

I slipped my fingers inside my open zipper and quickly pulled out my almost fully erect penis. Jeannie watching looking rioght at me giggled a little harder now saw my almost fully erect penis in my hand. She had finsihed with her shorts and yanked them right down hard so that she was now exposed. This time she was not wearing panties like the first time she was with me! I see you have changed Jeannie! I said to her. With another giggle and her shorts down at her knees Jeannie wiggled her hips and tod me saying that she had.

Come on go pee! she said to me. So since I was facing at her I shoved down now my fully erect penis aiming it down at the ground. Jeannie then squated dwn in a very high squat and she was right at being level as far as her head with my penis. She stared at it and waited for me to start my piss. I had to give a push to start this time.

As soon as I pushed I sent out a stream of piss that was thin and a long twist. My stream hit the weeds on teh ground abouta foot in front of Jeannie. She let out a giggle watching my piss flow from my penis. With my looking down keeping a eye on my piss stream I was also looking right at Jeannies crotch and vagina. Jeannies vagina looked like it was wet! Not from piss either!

I now had been pissing for a good ten seconds or more. Jeannie told me to hurry up. So I started pushing to make myself piss harder. I did start pissing much harder which made my stream now spplatter when it was hitting the weeds and the ground. Jeannie seeing the bigger splattering of my piss quickly skidded back away from my splattering piss. I almost got pissed on! she said to me loudly. She was also laughing when she said it to me. Then she said to me; That's a lot better! Boy she seemed really enjoying seeing me piss hard I thought to myself or she is in a awfull hurry I also thought.

I wound up even with my pushing pissing for another twenty seconds or so. Then I did do several hard spurts in a row and then I was done with my piss. Jeannie looking at my penis asked if I was done now. I told her I was. Good leave it out for me! Keannie said to me. I didn't say anything to her after she said it. Now Jeannie scooted forward again staying in her high sqaut with her shorts still down at her knees.

She then scooted forward a little more getting just in front of me and she leaned forward opening her mouth and she slipped the head of my penis right into her mouth and closed her lips down on it real tight! Hey I thought you were going to piss Jeannie! I said to her as now she started sliding her lips down further on my penis. She bobbed her head back and forth a few times and then pulled her mouth of from my penis. She said very fast to me. I will Victor and she went right back slipping her lips back over my penis and started quickly bobbing her head back and forth sliding her lips up and down my penises shaft!

Jeannie went fast and hard on me for a few minutes. I must admit now the litle head the way it felt had taken over the big head. I was now enjoying having Jeannie give me head! She now pulled her mouth off from my penis and looked up at me with a big smile. Now isn't that fun Victor! I took a hand placed it on the back of her head and pushed her head forwardand with a slight giggle Jeannie went right back to sucking my penis!

After several more minutes had went by Jeannie scooted back just a litle as she continuied sucking on me. Then as I watched for I was looking down and watching her I still could see her crotch and vagina Jeannie started to piss. She evn just then as she started to piss I heard her let out a soft but short moan. He stream shot out making a short arc and started weting the ground between her feet. In a few more seconds her stream let off the familair sound of hissing when a girl pisses. I shoved her hgead forward with my hand and her mmouth went way down on my penis! This was the best of both worlds! Having a bj and seeing a girl piss at the same time!

Jeannie went on pissing and sucking on me. When she did stop pissing she did several spurts and some dribbling and dripping. She gave me several hard long sucks on my penis as she bounced up and down getting the last piss drops to come off from her. Then she pulled her mouth right up and off fro me. She told me that was all! She pulled up her shorts and pulled them right up as she stood up.

Your'e going to stop now Jeannie? I said to her. Jeannie giggled and told me she was. I'll leave the rest up to Kathy! she said to me for she had turned around and started running back up the hillside when she said that to me. I felt a little dissapointed at first as I stood there with my penis wet and pointing stiffly upward. I reached down and started to slip it back in my shorts and I then smiled a little. Well it was better this way. I then thought. I yanked my zipper up and started walking up the hill slowly heading back to the house.

To be continuied.

