Denise, Claire and Kirsty's CLUBBING NIGHT: PART 1

4th April 2011, 05:16 PM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

Denise, Claire and Kirsty had made their way down to the seaside town of Brighton for a girls night out clubbing. All three looked stunning, with Denise and Claire both in skinny jeans and strappy heels and Kirsty in a fitted black skirt and shiny, sequined top with lower, more subtle heels. Having made their way there by train they popped straight into Yates' Wine Bar for a few pre club drinks. The three girls enjoyed a couple of cocktails, and rather than use the "disgusting" toilets in Yates', went over the road to queue up for Creation.

"It won't be long before we get in" said Denise hopefully, and although the queue looked long, all three girls were optimistic about the night ahead. After a while their turn finally came and they entered the club. The place was massive, but it wasn't long til Kirsty shouted into her friends ears "Guy's I'm dying for a wee and the queue for the ladies looks really long", "me too" said Claire "Denise, could you get us drinks while we get in the queue? I know, but by the time you've got them in you'll need a wee as well and already have a place in the queue" - Claire had quashed Denise's objection before she had a chance to voice it, so she wandered over to the bar while her friends queued up.

The bar was swarming with punters after promotional drinks all buying massive rounds in, while Denise was annoyed at having to fetch the drinks alone, she looked back and could see her friends were going nowhere fast. The queue for the Ladies seemed immense and crowded, into the bargain it was moving very slowly.

After around fifteen minutes of hassle Denise got the three vodka and cokes for three pounds she wanted and made her way back to her friends who, much to her surprise, were still queuing up. Denise was glad they were only about ten girls from the front of the queue as by now, she really needed to pee and didn't fancy joining the back of the queue. Throughout the queue she noticed women showing signs of desperation, plenty of slender crossed legs, at the front of the queue some of those in trousers had undone their button in preparation for entering the loo. Denise began to chat to her friends, as she handed the drinks over:

"You guys weren't wrong, I'm busting for a piss now"

"Same here, not long now though" replied Claire.

Just as the words had left her mouth, the music stopped and the club went quiet, all they could hear was a collective murmur of "what's going on" from their fellow clubbers, followed by a deafeningly loud, shrill alarm. The DJ's voice rang out with the alarm "Everyone, we have a fire warning going off. Please stay calm and follow the instructions of the door staff".

All of a sudden, the place seemed full of door staff and people were being herded out of the various exits "We just need to check everything's safe before we let everyone back in, health and safety" seemed to be the popular mantra.

Once the panic had subsided Denise, Claire and Kirsty found themselves outside the club among a swarm of fellow clubbers. "Oh no, I didn't get the chance to wee" whined Claire. Denise and Kirsty both turned round and gave her a look, Kirsty whispered to her friends "We'll just have to find somewhere then won't we". "I know a good place" announced Denise, the alcohol working on her system, "You always know a good place you dirty tramp" joked Kirsty. The three girls laughed, Claire knew exactly what they meant by finding a good place this time, and was so desperate by now, she welcomed the prospect.

The three girls clip clopped down the side street beside the club, their aching bladders were weighing on them but they were still in good spirits.

Claire: "When us three go out it's become like a tradition or something, we always end up weeing outside"

Kirsty: "Or in the back of coaches"

Claire: "Hey, you said that'd be our secret, anyway you're no angel, you wee'd outside the office building at Christmas"

Kirsty: "Yeah, keyword: outside"

All three giggled.

Denise: "Stop bickering you two, I think we need to think of a plan b, I thought we could go here"...

The girls had reached a truck park area with five big articulated lorries parked side by side.

"But I think people have beaten us to it" said Denise.

As Claire rounded the corner she could see the place was awash with piss, there were people of both genders peeing unabashed, often in clear site of each other. Without making too much effort to, Claire caught sight of more genitals than she had seen in her life up to that point. There were cocks hanging out, skirts hitched up, tights rolled down, knickers to the side, jeans pulled down just enough and white bums aplenty. There was even one gothic looking girl in the corner being guarded by her friends as she pee'd a torrent onto the concrete floor, Claire winced as she noticed the girl was already standing in around half a centimetre of pee, much of which will have been other people's.

"I can't go here" said Claire, in that whiney tone "there's far too many people"

"I can't go here either, obviously the fire alarm has caused this, but I'm no way up for peeing in front of all these strangers" replied Denise. "I haven't had enough booze yet" she added.

"Don't worry there's a carpark up the road I parked in when my boyfriend took me to Lilly Allen - I've used it before" said Kirsty with a knowing smile, come on, let's go I'm busting.

The three girls marched purposefully into the multi storey car park, chatting and giggling. "I'll show you where I went last time, no one 'll see us it's quite hidden" said Kirsty, who despite the pain in her bladder, had a wicked smile on her face and was looking forward to relief.

Kirsty lead the girls up to the second floor, where she knew there was a recessed area containing three parking spaces. Just before Kirsty opened the door she turned round to the others...

"Ssshhh" she put a finger to her lips "Can you hear that"

Once the girls stopped talking they could hear the unmistakable hiss and splatter of somebody pissing, echoing through the (mostly empty) car park.

The girls erupted into a fit of giggles

Kirsty: "There's someone else weeing in here, they better not have nicked my spot"

Claire: "How can you be sure?"

"That's definitely pissing, I can hear it gushing... lets catch them in the act, it'll be funny". whispered Denise.

As they walked through the carpark they did not hear the hissing subside, and from the splattering they could hear the perpetrator was most likely female.

The three girls rounded the corner to Kirsty's favourite improvised toilet, and were shocked to find not one, but two people. There was a guy in a business like black shirt and a girl of around twenty in a red dress with red heels. The guy was facing the wall he had just made wet, and they heard him zip up his fly before he turned around with a shocked look on his face. The girl was in a medium squat, with her red thong knickers around her smooth, slim thighs. She was pissing a torrent onto the carpark floor and looking down intently at her stream splashing between her feet.

"Er, Suze" said the bloke "you might wanna stop now"

The girl gasped as she realised she'd been discovered in a very comprimising position by three strange women. She instinctively pulled up her knickers in order to cover up as quickly as possible, pissing on them in the process before her brain caught up and shut off her weeing. She staggered to her feet.

"Oh my God, I'm SOOO sorry!" she drunkenly slurred "The club had some stupid fire alarm and we couldn't find ANYWHERE to have a wee".

Now the girl had stood up they could see she was tall, with blonde hair and all three of them envied her tall, slim, bambi-like figure. She had an angular but very pretty face and perky little breasts, which were clearly bra-less, just hovering under the fabric of her dress. She looked sexy, but far too classy to be doing what she was doing.

Donna, Kirsty and Claire all giggled at the absurdity of the situation "Don't worry Love" said Denise warmly, "We're here for the same reason, all dying for a wee", "You're not alone, there's people weeing everywhere as there's nowhere to go".

"Hang on ladies", said the man in a jocular manner "I don't even know your names and you're all going to get your bits out !!!"

Suzy: "Sorry, this is my boyfriend Dean, and he's being a perv. Don't look Dean it's weird"

Dean walked around fifteen feet and lit a cigarette as the ladies prepared for their much needed piss...

END OF PART 1

