Fantasy - Laura's initiation, Mandy's memories - Chapter 18

14th February 2012, 08:23 PM

Author: daemoniak666

Location: France (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,142

Oh! I just had someone asking for the forbidden chapter (16) and realized I had actually written an 18th chapter, and apparently never put it on this site.

So, after some light editing and re-reading, I think it's not too bad and since I don't have much time to write any sequel yet, I thought I'd let you enjoy it

If you have not read the beginning, 16 chapters (1-15 and 17 which is not much) have been published here already.

###

18. Parking interlude

Laura was simply rooted to her chair. Her brain was foggy, still reeling from her four orgasms in the mall!

Thankfully Mandy took the lead, "What do you say we go tuck our spoils in the car's trunk ?" She then stood up and began gathering her bags. Laura followed suit, then as Mandy was walking toward the exit she exclaimed: "Wait, I could do with a detour by the toilets." Mandy looked back, and smiled "Do you ? Well I'd rather go to the parking..." The wild spark in her eyes could not be missed and Laura stuttered then followed her.

They exited the mall proper and got to the parking. They arrived just in time to catch the elevator as it was closing, and a teenager reached to hold the doors for them, causing Mandy to smile warmly at him when she thanked him. The poor boy could not help but blush and Laura had to stiffle a giggle, her in-law was way too much for him. They left the boy, still shaken, in his elevator and stashed their bags in the car's trunk.

"Hum, great, now I feel lighter!", announced Mandy, "so, what do you say about treating ourselves to a chick-flick ?" Laura tried to remind herself of the last time she had gone watch one, it must have been a while, because she could not even remember how long it was. And then her mind made the connection between chick-flick and cinema and she could not help herself and blushed profusely as she revisited Mandy's souvenirs. Mandy saw it and laughed gaily. "Come on", and with that she walked back toward the elevators.

They both arrived in front of the elevator, but Mandy did not stop there. Laura remarked "I should have gone to the toilets in the cafeteria, that tea got right through me." Mandy shook her head, "The toilets ? With this long queue they always have ? And just to find out that someone just sprinkled everywhere on the seat and floor and there's no paper left ? You're too proper for your own good darling." It was Laura's turn to shake her head, only Mandy could make such a remark she reasonned.

Just as they entered the stairs, Laura asked, "So, what do you propose as alternative ? By the side of our cars ?" Mandy giggled at the thought, she could not for the life of her imagine her oh-so-proper in-law squat carside in the middle of the afternoon. "Don't be silly dear, a girl needs her privacy." And at that she stopped smack in the middle of the landing, just as the door closed behind them, and opening her arms as she twirled, "Which is why stairs are perfect!".

Laura gulped, she suddenly realized that Mandy had probably planned it all along as she skipped the toilets at the cafeteria. And then "Don't tell me that when you insisted on taking the stairs...", Mandy laughed at Laura's realisation, "Well, I could not really announce it to you back then, could I ?"

"Mandy!"

"Come on, with the elevators everywhere, what do you think that anyone would take the stairs anyway ?" and then to continue "I dare you..."

Laura could not believe her ears. Still she was bursting, and she reasonned that truly nobody used the stairs those days. She thought of the few times she had seen people taking the stairs with their packages and kids in tow and wondered if indeed they had taken the trouble to use the stairs just so they could "use" them. She cleared her head and looked at Manday, who was looking back at her warmly, smiling. Laura suddenly felt warm too, as she realized her in-law was letting her slowly in a world she had never imagined before, and had manifestly decided to mentor her.

Bitting her lip, Laura strained to hear, but it was soon evident that nobody else was using those stairs at the moment. Backing away from Mandy she placed her back to the corner oppositing the door. Unfastening her jeans, she took them down to her knees, then pushed her panties down. Shaking a bit and straining her ears as much she could she squatted low in the corner. Casting back a glance at her in-law, still warmly smiling at her, Laura let our her tongue to Mandy's delight and relaxed.

It didn't come immediately, she was still too wound up, but she could feel it slowly meandering her way inside her. From her bladder to her urethra, then to her pee-hole, a few drips made it past her nether lips, warming them up as they passed, and trickled to the ground, lightly splashing on the cement floor. The drips intensified slowly, a golden rain becoming a golden stream in the poor lightning, until a steady flow escaped Laura to puddle on the floor and pushing back the dirt that had accumulated. "How nice of you to wash the floor!" exclaimed Mandy, causing Laura to giggle heartily, still going. Still giggling, she began to relax. She was feeling so good. It was wicked really. And dirty. And naughty. And sooo liberating. Feeling her stream subsid, she raised herself a bit as she pushed the last drops out of her.

She then took the tissue Mandy handed her, wiped herself carefully, and topped her puddle with the tissue. She immediately realized that the tissue made it clear that it was not just water, and her heart soar at the thought: here she was, announcing to the world that a woman had piddled here!

Shaking her head and smiling, she refastened her tight jeans, holding her breath as she did the last button. She then looked at Mandy, "I can't believe you're making me do this!"

"This ? If I were making you do anything, it would not be anything so tame darling!"

"Tame ? I just emptied my bladder in a parking stairs!"

"In a corner, neatly tucked out of the way."

"Oh ? And what would you have me do ?"

Mandy's smile broadened widely at that, and Laura gasped as she realize Mandy had egged her on on purpose. She then looked at Mandy while her in-law took off her panties from under her skirt. "Hum, I don't know really, why could you have done ?" Hiking her skirt up a bit, until it barely covered her privates, Mandy backed against the railing. Casting a quick glance over the railing, she looked first toward the bottom, then the top. She then looked back at Laura, "Perhaps something outrageous ?" and with that she quickly reached with both hands behind her and hoisted herself up onto the railing.

Laura stood on the landing. Rooted to her spot. She had brought her hand to her mouth as Mandy had positionned herself with her bum suspended over the stairs railing. Mandy was balancing herself with one hand, and with the other she was holding her skirt out of harm way. Purring, she then looked squarely at Laura, and smiled that same warm smile "It's Ann's favorite position".

Laura gasped as she saw a little rivulet appear from under Mandy's skirt. She could not see its source, covered by the skirt, but there was not doubt where it came from. And after a second or two, she heard the loud impact it made on the cement, several floors below. Mandy pushed hard, and the rivulet became a gush, completely untamed, as the tea she had drunk poured out of her. The sound was deafening, as it resonated from the bottom of the stairs. Anybody getting in at that moment would have thought a tsunami was coming, and in a way, it was.

Finishing with two last spurts, Mandy jumped from her precarious perch and wiped herself too, then she crumpled her tissue, and threw it over her shoulder "a la Russian" and put her panties back.

Laura was still flustered as they descended the stairs. She could not believe how free Mandy seemed, and she envied this freedom very much, she who had always been so straight. She was just then processing what Mandy had said about Ann, and the thought of sitting her own daughter on the railing for her to peepee made her heart lurch. It was gross... but it seemed such a proof of love too. And somehow she thought that Betty would really loved it.

Mandy was giggling all the way down, and at each floor she would point at the little pee spots that were still dripping as Laura shook her head, not believing how childish this was. As they began the last stretch of stairs, Laura stopped dead in her tracks and her eyes widened as she took in the sight. Mandy stopped to look back at her, and sawing her slack-jawed, she exploded in laughter. Slowly recovering, Laura got to Mandy's level, she just could not tear her eyes away.

