/kims-watersports-adventure-part-2/38560/

Kim's Watersports Adventure, Part 2

18th November 2009, 04:14 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Dr. Kimberly Canaan was a little nervous as she left her house to go to work. Canaan, a math professor at Western Texas University, had a meeting today with a Ms. Julie Nguyen, a Department of the Navy representative from San Diego. Kim had recently submitted a proposal for a piece of a big Navy research and development project, and her proposal, along with about a dozen others, had been accepted for award. Her university had volunteered to host the kickoff conference for the project, which would be starting tomorrow. Ms. Nguyen was flying in this morning, and was going to meet with Kim to discuss some of the particulars of her proposal this afternoon.

Kim's only contact w/ Ms. Nguyen thus far had been a couple of telecons, and Kim had formed an image of her government rep. Ms. Nguyen came across as very businesslike, very straight laced. She made sure that any idle chatter or jokes were kept to a minimum, completely focused on the task at hand. She wondered if Ms. Nguyen had a boyfriend - if so, she thought, the bitch was probably so tight he couldn't fuck her with a whole bottle of lube.

Kim arrived at her office, picked up her lecture notes for her morning classes, then walked over to the building where her classroom was located. Along the way there she stopped off at the women's restroom. She still didn't really need to pee, not after emptying her bladder all over herself in the shower this morning, but, as was her habit, she went into the bathroom anyway. Kim loved to hear the hissing sound women made when they peed, and the sound of the pee hitting the water.

She held the door open for two beautiful coeds before entering herself. One was an extremely hot Hispanic girl with long, straight black hair. She was wearing a tad too much make up for Kim's liking, but she couldn't ignore how the girl's tight shorts accentuated her equally tight ass, or how her push-up bra made the most of her medium sized chest. The other girl had blonde, curly hair, a tight mini skirt, and didn't appear to be wearing a bra, as Kim could see her nipples protruding through her blouse. Each of the three was immediately able to find a stall, and quickly entered and locked the door.

Kim, who was dressed in a smart pantsuit, pulled down her pants and panties

, sat on the seat, and waited to hear the other two start their business. She at first heard the familiar hiss and splash from the stall to her right, which she knew to be where the blond was sitting. Kim started to imagine what it must look like inside the stall, the blonde with her skirt and panties

(if she was wearing any) around her ankles, the piss flowing down into the water. She then heard the same type of splashing from the stall to her right, and imagined the beautiful Mexican girl, with her shorts pushed down, the stream splashing down from her beautiful pussy into the water. Kim was fingering her now wet pussy, and, still horny from her dream that morning, started to cum rather quickly. She bit her lip a little to prevent herself from making any noise, which might have been drowned out by the sound of the girls washing their hands anyways, as they had already finished their business. After cumming, she peed what little piss she had in her bladder into the toilet, reaching a finger into the stream in order to taste a little of it. After she was through she pulled up her pants, washed her hands, and hurried on to teach her first class of the day.

After her classes had finished, Kim retired to her office in preparation for her meeting. It was now 4:45, 15 minutes before Julie Nguyen was scheduled to arrive. Kim looked over her notes, and opened the PowerPoint presentation that she planned to give at the conference. She was going to discuss the slides with Ms. Nguyen, and incorporate any changes before presenting them tomorrow.

Just as she finished reviewing her notes the phone rang. "Math department, Dr. Canaan's office," she answered.

"Dr. Canaan, this is Julie Nguyen," Julie responded. "I'm really sorry, but my flight was delayed about three-and-a-half hours, and I just arrived at the airport. I'm going to be about half-an-hour late for our appointment. Will that be problem?"

"No problem at all," Kim replied. "I don't have any classes or appointments this evening. Take your time. Oh, and please call me Kim."

"Thanks, Kim. I'll be there as soon as I can," Julie said. With that she hung up the phone.

"Shit!" thought Kim. She really didn't want to stay at the office late tonight. Still, she completely understood, and did sympathize with Julie. Who hadn't been stuck in airports waiting for a delayed flight before? She decided to spend the extra time grading some papers, which would make her TA happy, as it would be less work for him to do.

At about 5:25 Kim heard a knock on her office door, and opened it to let in her guest. Standing at the door was an absolutely gorgeous woman! Julie Nguyen was about 5'5" tall. She had long, straight black hair, and had the bangs in front that Kim had often seen on Asian women. She found the slant to her eyes very sexy, and loved the small, flat nosed she had on her face. She had a pair of firm breast that were accentuated by a tight fitting T-Shirt, a slim waist, and a pair of smooth, beautifully athletic legs that extended down from a tight pair of shorts. Kim couldn't help but stare.

Julie caught the stare, and, fortunately for Kim, completely misinterpreted the gaze. "I'm sorry, I usually show up to meetings dressed much more professionally than this!" she exclaimed, extremely embarrassed, as Julie prided herself on her professionalism. "I like to dress comfortably when I fly, and will usually check into the hotel and change right after my plane arrives, but with the delays ..."

"Don't worry about," said Kim, relieved that Julie didn't take her staring for what it actually was. "This is an informal meeting, and I wish I was dressed as comfortably as you are. Oh, by the way, it's very nice to finally meet you."

"It's nice to meet you too," replied Julie as she stepped into the office. "Shall we get to work," she said, eager to get things on a more professional level.

Julie unzipped a compartment of her briefcase, and took out a copy of Kim's proposal. Julie started discussing some of the details of the proposal with Kim. Afterward Kim showed her presentation to Julie, and made some minor changes based on Julie's suggestions. After about an hour the two women were done with their meeting.

"Thanks, that was very productive," Julie told Kim. "Let me get my briefcase, and I'll be out of your hair until tomorrow morning."

"I'll get that for you," said Kim, reaching for the briefcase. Unfortunately Kim tripped a little as she stood up from her office chair. Trying to catch herself while reaching for the briefcase, she ended up knocking it off of the desk, causing some of its contents to spill all over the floor. Kim, extremely embarrassed by her clumsiness, exclaimed "I'm so sorry, let me pick that up for you!"

Julie quickly looked at the items that had spilled on the floor, and a horrified expression crossed her face. "No, really, don't worry about it!" she exclaimed.

It was too late. Kim had reached down to pick up Julie's things, and her attention had been drawn to a DVD that was lying on the floor. It was a copy of Pissing Pussies #3. Pissing Pussies happened to be one of Kim's favorite lesbian watersports video series. Kim stared at the DVD. Was this really Julie's? Was she a lesbian? Was she into golden showers? Should she say something to Julie about it, or just ignore it? Kim was confused as to what to do.

Julie was absolutely horrified. She usually dropped off any DvDs or magazines she might have with her at the hotel before attending a meeting, but, of course, she didn't have time to do that today. "Why the fuck didn't I leave it in the car?" she silently asked herself. "Shit! And I was worried about what kind of impression I made wearing shorts and a T-shirt to a business meeting! That's nothing compared to this! What the fuck is Kim going to think of me?" she thought. She opened her mouth to try to speak, but couldn't think of a thing to say, and closed it again, her mind racing to try to figure out a way to mitigate the damage.

"This is one of my favorites in this series," said Kim, hoping that she wasn't making a mistake. "I personally like number seven the best, but this is probably a very close second."

"Wh ... Wh ... What?" stammered Julie. Surely she didn't hear what she thought she heard.

"Yeah, I really like this one," Kim continued. "Kayla's my favorite performer in this series, and she as two really nice scenes in this one. I especially love the one where she's in the school girl outfit.»

Julie was shocked. She couldn't believe that not only was Kim not disgusted by the name of the DVD, but that she was apparently a fan of the Pissing Pussies series. When she took into account the fact that Kim, in addition to being into lesbian watersports, was also a very beautiful woman, what originally looked like a disaster was instead looking like a very good opportunity. "Yeah, Kayla's hot" agreed Julie. "Not only is she beautiful, she can piss a ton!"

Kim's pulse was racing. She couldn't believe that in her office was a woman who was hot, liked women, and best of all, was into watersports. The odds of finding someone this way were astronomical, she realized. The events of the past few minutes had played out like she and Julie were characters in some bad erotic story on the internet, she thought. Still, after years of unwanted celibacy, she shored up her courage, not wanting to let an opportunity like this pass her by.

"Hey, would you like to come over to my place for dinner tonight?" asked Kim.

"I would absolutely love to!" replied Julie. «Shall we go now?»

Kim nodded in the affirmative, and both women grabbed their stuff and started to leave. «I didn't stop to use the bathroom at the airport in my hurry to get over here, and I'm about to burst!» Julie exclaimed. «Do you mind if I hit the bathroom on the way out?»

«I would prefer that you wait until you get to my house,» Kim replied. Both women gave each other a smile.

As much as she would have preferred to ride w/ Kim, Julie knew that she really had to take her rental car. She also had to at least check into her hotel in order to give the guys in accounting a receipt for her lodging. She received the address from Kim, and both women left the school in their respective cars.

After arriving home, Kim could hardly contain her excitement. Worrying was in her nature, and she started to harbor some doubts as to whether or not Julie would really come. Trying to put those thoughts aside, she decided to change out of her business clothes, and put on something a little more exciting for the Asian hottie. She put on an extremely short red skirt, wore no panties underneath, and put on a thin white blouse with no bra. In the mirror she could see her exceptionally hard nipples poking out through the fabric.

Just then the doorbell rang. Kim was surprised that Julie had arrived so quickly. A huge smile crossed her face, realizing that Julie must be as excited about this as she was.

When Kim opened the door, she saw Julie standing at the doorstep, her teeth clinched, legs crossed, and her hand holding her crotch. Kim believed that she had never seen a more beautiful sight!

«Shit, I really have to piss!» cried Julie. «Would you mind if I came in and had a pee?» Another smile crossed both women's lips.

Kim led Julie by the hand into her bathroom, and sat in front of her on the floor. «My toilet isn't working right now,» said the blonde, knowing full well that Julie knew better, «but, if you don't mind, you're welcome to piss on me instead!»

«That's the best offer I've had all day!» said Julie w/ a laugh, even though she meant every word of it. The beautiful Vietnamese woman quickly took off her shorts, as she really was bursting. Before she could peel off her panties, however, she couldn't hold it anymore, and began to pee.

Kim sat there mesmerized for a second, her mouth gaping at the beautiful sight of Julie's piss streaming through her white cotton panties. She then leaned over and clamped her mouth over the crotch of those panties, taking as much piss in her mouth as she could. Kim had never been so turned on her life, tasting this beautiful woman's piss, and feeling all of the piss that she couldn't swallow running out of her mouth and soaking her blouse.

Julie was just as turned on as she looked down at Kim and saw her piss running out of the sides of the blonde's mouth. The feeling of relief in her bladder, combined with the sensation of Kim's mouth clamped on her mound, caused Julie to have a shuddering orgasm. When she came down off her orgasm, she realized that she had finished her pee, and that Kim was now sucking her piss from her panties. She reached down and gently pulled Kim up until they were both standing facing each other; the two horny women immediately embraced and starting kissing each other.

The last time Kim had locked lips with anyone she was a teenager, kissing a boy on a date. The sensation hadn't done anything for her. That was far from the case right now. Julie's lips were soft and sensuous, her body warm and inviting.

For her part, Julie was enjoying the experience just as much. Tasting her piss on another girl's lips had always excited her, and she loved the feel of Kim's wet, piss soaked blouse against her body as it wet her T-shirt.

While still in their embrace, Kim led Julie into the adjoining bedroom, their feet sloshing through the puddle of piss on the floor. As the two women lay down on the bed, Julie looked down at her new lover's blouse. She couldn't believe how sexy Kim's tits looked as they shone through the wet blouse. Julie immediately started to lick Kim's nipples, first through the blouse, and then her naked breasts as she tore the blouse open. Julie savored the taste of her own piss on the blonde's beautiful tits.

As she was sucking on Kim's nipples, Julie reached down and started to finger her hostess' wet pussy. Kim, already extremely aroused, came immediately. During her orgasm, Kim lost control of her own full bladder, and started to piss all over Julie's hand.

While Julie loved the feel of Kim's piss on her hand, she was anxious to taste the golden nectar. She quickly moved between Kim's legs as her lover's piss was shooting through the air. The piss filled the sexy Asian's mouth, and wet her hair, face, and chest. Julie loved the taste and feel of the powerful stream. As the stream began to lose its strength, she clamped her mouth over Kim's pussy, swallowing the last few spurts of Kim's pee.

After her piss was finished, Kim embraced Julie again, and began to lick the droplets of her piss off Julie's face. She then pulled up Julie's T-shirt, and started to lick the piss off of her lover's tits. Kim immediately decided that her piss tasted better when licked off of a beautiful woman's body. After enjoying the sensation of having her tits sucked by Kim, Julie decided that she needed to get off again. She positioned herself beneath Kim in a 69 position, and began to lick the hot blonde's pussy, anxiously waiting for Kim to return the favor.

Kim, for the first time since Julie arrived, felt a little awkward. She had never eaten a woman's pussy before, and, as she began to lick Julie's pussy, was afraid that the hot Asian would notice her inexperience.

Julie did notice. She also decided that while Kim's technique indicated that she was inexperienced, her enthusiasm for what she was doing more than made up for it. Kim attacked Julie's pussy, licking with an absolute fervor. Julie quickly began to cum again, followed almost instantaneously by Kim.

After the new lovers came off of their orgasms, they lay snuggling with each other in the piss soaked bed. They knew that they would eventually have to clean up their mess and get something to eat. But neither one was in any hurry.

