A Story For Kaele1gh - part 5

15th June 2010, 08:19 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

Finally, we were on our way to Kruger National Park. It had been a week since I'd arrived in South Africa and I had been hearing about this place ever since I got off the plane. Kaele1gh had told me that if I was to visit only one place this was to be it. There was likely no better opportunity for documenting wildlife, as we'd probably be getting as close to the animals as they would allow us.

Before leaving the coast, we'd made preparations for provisioning. I'd loaded two boxes of energy bars and three ten-liter carboys of water into the Land Rover. Each morning I'd fill a half-dozen liter sized water bottles from them, more than enough to take care of our drinking needs on most all days. Since we'd have sources for additional water inside the park, we would be set for several days.

***A couple hours down the road, after our conversation had zigzagged across most of the usual topics - conservation, empowerment, video techniques and, of course, pee, Kaele1gh spoke up, «We're less than an hour from the park and I could use a bush break. I've been holding it in since my waking-up pee before breakfast. And, I'd imagine you could use one, too.»

Until she mentioned it, I hadn't noticed, but I'd also been filling since daybreak. I guess I had been getting better at holding over the last few days, if only because I tried thinking about something else. Now that she mentioned it, however, I needed to stop, too.

She continued, «I'm feeling nice and full, so I'm challenging you to another distance contest. Loser has to buy dinner the night after tomorrow.»

«You're on, Kaele1gh. And, I'll make sure to bring a good appetite.»

The good-natured bantering between us that had begun the first day continued. We especially enjoyed these contests and tried to have at least one every day. Usually we'd have a small wager on it, likely a meal or perhaps a bottle of wine, which we'd pay up on when visiting a larger town. She could still outhold me most all the time, and definitely could take the longer pee, but, though she'd done a good job of closing the gap, I remained master of the distance.

Over the past week we'd gotten the pee stops down to a routine - pull over, get out of the landy and take a few steps into the bush. We would delight in giving each other a show, and most of the time Kaele1gh would grab hold of my cock and see where she could get me to spray. In turn, I'd likely give her assistance in the form of my fingers parting her lips, and maybe tugging a little to aim the stream. When we finished there was usually a little playing, a couple squeezes, some rubbing, and generally enough touching to both encourage and for a few moments take the edge off our now near-constant arousal.

Since day one, it had been perfectly normal for us to pee right beside one another. Frequently she'd stand, arching her back, knees bent a little and legs spread a couple feet apart. When she wanted to go for maximum distance, however, she would sit on the edge of something or lean back against a tree so she could tilt her pelvis forward and be able to use her abdominal muscles to push her pee out as far as possible.

On the days she was wearing a dress or shorts, she'd just pull it up or to the side, panties and all. Today, however, she was wearing long khaki pants, mostly to cover up from the harsh sun but also for protection against the sharp vegetation found in the park.

Kaele1gh pulled the landy off the road. We got out and walked a few steps forward. Kicking off her shoes, she removed her pants, setting them behind her on the hood. She sat down on top of them. From the way she was bouncing around, I could tell she was really full.

«OK, Glad, get ready to lose! I feel a big pee coming on.»

Pulling her tan panties to the side, she once more revealed her stunning red-haired pussy. Then, slipping fingers to her lips, she spread them enough so that her pee hole was exposed. Resting her cheeks at the very edge of the hood, she leaned back and let go. For a few seconds a thin trickle spurted out, falling a couple feet in front of her. Then, angling her hips and pushing with her abs, she sent out a stronger stream landing now seven, sometimes eight feet ahead.

After a good twenty seconds into this powerpiss, I figured she must be getting to the end.

I had needed to go pretty badly, too, and though aroused, just watching her empty had put me on the edge of control. Standing about three feet to the side of her, I'd been enjoying the view until I could no longer hold it.

«My turn,» I said, as I pulled my cock out of my shorts, and shot a stream in the direction of hers. It fell alongside the puddle she'd been making.

She giggled, but wasn't finished, however, and with one final effort she pushed it out further, maybe making almost nine feet before it fell back, then stopped.

«Nice!» She really deserved the compliment. It was probably her best piss yet, distance-wise, and as good as many of my performances. But, her great effort brought out all the competitive juices within me. Forcing a little harder, I pushed past ten feet, and maybe for a second or two closer to eleven.

I had won, but not by as much as I had expected. Kaele1gh was getting good at this, too.

After we were both empty, she stood up and looked over at me. «Glad, you know I'm going to have to lick you clean.» There was THAT wicked look again in her eyes.

I wasn't about to deny her the pleasure. Or, mine!

She continued, «And, you can return the favor.»

Since we planned on getting close to the larger animals today, we would need to remove our body odors. Nothing, no colognes, perfumed shampoos or even deodorant, was allowed. We'd camped last night near a creek, so we were able to wash ourselves this morning. But now we'd just peed and they would be able to smell that on us. Ever resourceful, Kaele1gh had found an answer to the problem.

She knelt in front of me. Then, placing my penis in her mouth, she started licking, giving me soft, gentle caresses. Even if this wasn't supposed to be a sexual gesture, and I REALLY was trying to tell myself that, it was hard for me not to get hard. I practiced relaxation, and it was work, much more difficult than on those videos I'd trained on some years before. Ah, such torture!

When she was finished with me, I started in on her. With my tongue I began bathing her privates, first her lips, then around her peehole, before moving on to her lovely red bush and saving her clit for last. I could taste her lingering saltiness, slightly bitter but not unpleasant. I would have continued this licking longer, but Kaele1gh finally pushed me away before her excitement, now contained to irregular breathing and a few short gasps, grew totally out of control.

*** The cleanup technique must have worked remarkably well, because that day I got some of the best footage I'd ever taken of elephants, rhinos, antelope and African buffalo. I would have added lions, but we only located one small pride, and they seemed somewhat wary of us. Besides, we already had some great material from a few days before.

Over the course of the day, we'd set up and broken down our gear three more occasions. Each time, before we moved on to a new location, we would pee - and then lick one another clean. What a wonderful habit this was becoming!

Emboldened by the day's events, I asked Kaele1gh if we could share a tent. There was no sense for setting up two if there wasn't a need for both. She readily agreed, giving me a look which I construed as whatever took you so long. While I knew she was not yet ready for us to «cross the line», she was, like South Africa itself, open for some great exploration.

In the evening, after dinner, we took a walk in the dusk, staying out until the first stars appeared.

Then, we crawled into our tent, took off our clothes and let our hands and mouths please and tease one another until we lulled ourselves to sleep.

The next two days were filled with more activity. Not only had we come up with additional wildlife footage, we interviewed rangers and tour guides, then filmed students in their field training classes. Kaele1gh would sometimes film alongside me and by the third afternoon, I was well satisfied with the material we'd created for the documentary.

*** After leaving Kruger we headed towards Tzaneen and the dinner I'd earned and had been so looking forward to. We ate at a little out of the way restaurant overlooking the dam. We chose to sit on the verandah, as it was slightly cooler in the evenings this time of year. It was quiet and we could look out over water. Generous portions of delightful food and many sips of delicious wine were interspersed with conversation, jokes and laughter. It was every bit as good as I'd anticipated. The food wasn't bad, either.

*** The following morning we set out on a long day hike in the Wolkberg Nature Preserve. It was the ideal location for us, with deep ravines, thick forests and elegant rock formations, once again fitting perfectly into our video.

The day had dawned gorgeous, with hardly a cloud in the blue sky, and warm, but not so hot that we should risk dehydration. To be safe, we each finished off a water bottle in the landy. I put two more in each of our backpacks before we walked to the trailhead.

The hike was perhaps a little steeper, rockier and more strenuous than planned, because we finished our first bottles by the time we were two hours down the trail. An hour later found us still climbing. By now the midday sun had caused us to break out in sweat. As we started into our last bottles, we were still not halfway along the trail. Somewhere in the fourth hour we reached the mid-point, where we could either turn back, or take another path, a little longer but not as steep. It would be about the same time, another three hours and change, either way.

I was getting concerned about all the water we'd consumed. Between us, we probably only had about a liter-and-a-half left, barely enough to last us another three hours, and potentially dangerous were we to lose the trail. I mentioned this to Kaele1gh. She'd already come up with a solution.

«Since we are getting low, perhaps we can stretch it with our pee. So, next time we take a drink, it's one swallow of pee, then maybe two or three of water.»

Her years of experience in the bush told me I could always count on her to solve these problems.

Then, looking over at me, she added, «by the way, my fountain's open».

Mine too. Despite having sweat out most of what I thought I had drunk, my bladder was getting surprisingly full.

A few minutes later, we stopped at the side of the trail, took off our backpacks and set out our water bottles. I got down on my knees in front of Kaele1gh. She pulled down her shorts, and I was face to bush with her magnificent pussy once again.

«Be gentle with me,» I pleaded, looking up into her eyes. We exchanged winks. I put my mouth up to her lips, then teased with the tip of my tongue.

«Ready,» she asked? I nodded.

She let go a spurt that half-filled my mouth. I swallowed, then pulled away to take a swig from the water bottle. She was still well-hydrated, so it didn't taste too salty or bitter and the one mouthful of water was all I needed.

I went back for another drink from the source. This time she let a little more out, so I had a few drops running down the corners of my mouth. Once again, I swallowed her lemonade, then followed with a water chaser.

I did this three more times, alternating a swallow pee with one of water. If I hadn't needed to save a half-liter in my bottle I would have gone back for more.

Then, it was my turn to share my waters with Kaele1gh. First, sitting beside me, she pulled at my shorts. Then we lay down on the leaves side-by-side one another. Grabbing my cock, she put me into her mouth.

I released a few drops, then maybe a little more than she would have liked, as she put her hand up to signal me to cut off. I pulled out, as she swallowed. Then she took a drink from her bottle, and then a second.

I could see that she wasn't exactly sure about the flavor. «I think I've drank worse tasting-wines. Well, back in college anyway. But, I'm willing to try this again. Just go easy, though.»

I was a little better at controlling my pee this time. A small mouthful, a swallow, a swig of water. We repeated this a couple more times, until she, too, had drank her fill.

*** We had a good hour's hike left, maybe two, when I noticed clouds had been building up in the eastern sky. Probably nothing to worry about, I thought, but I made a note to myself to keep an eye on them. However, on looking back another fifteen or so minutes later, I saw they were larger, more numerous and much darker. At the rate they had grown and the distance we were from the trailhead I knew we wouldn't be able to make it back before the storm clouds reached us. It was only a mater of time before the rain would be upon us.

«Brace yourself for getting wet,» I announced to Kaele1gh, pointing out the leading edge of the front. We picked up the pace, but, once I felt the rush of the cooler air ahead of the storm, I was certain now we would get soaked.

Still a half-hour from the end of our hike, we were caught up in the sudden shower. When the first drops fell, we stopped, gave in to the inevitable and stood still. Thirsty, we tilted our necks, opened our mouths and caught the drops, drinking in the goodness of the rain.

As more drops began to fall, Kaele1gh, giggling, broke into a silly dance. She was like a child, playful, spinning around and ever so happy in the moment.

Then, she looked over at me and, with raindrops running off her face, took a couple steps over and wrapped her arms around me. Her wet clothes now clung to her body, revealing almost everything and she feel incredibly good. She pressed herself deep into me and we hugged for what had to be at least ten minutes.

Suddenly, she shivered. «I need to pee once again, and I am already drenched. Why don't we just go in our clothes. They're already wet from the outside, so let's wet them from the inside.»

For a few moments I wasn't sure what to say. A couple accidents early in grade school had left me feeling uncomfortable about wetting. Years later, in college, I was sailing on a small boat with a girl I didn't know very well when I had to pee. There was no privacy and nowhere close by where I could go, so I had to sit just above the water and get myself very wet from the waves before wetting in my shorts. Looking back at it, maybe it wasn't a big thing, but it felt very strange at the time.

Somehow, this time, it seemed natural. Maybe it was the setting, this exotic and untamed place where things were a little different, but I think mostly it was because I was around Kaele1gh, and we seemed so uninhibited sharing everything, including, no make that especially, our peeing.

Then, catching up with her thoughts, I agreed. «Sure. But let's keep holding onto each other like this.»

«Powerpiss or trickle,» she asked?

I replied, «Powerpiss. I want feel every bit of you running out and I want you to feel my warmth, too.» The storm had cooled the air down by several degrees, and I noticed the chill, as well as a growing fullness within me.

I took the last couple gulps from my water bottle.

Then, holding her tightly, our genitals separated by only a few layers of wet fabric, we released our bladders. I could feel her flow wash over me, across the top of my groin, then along the length of my shaft, over my balls and finally running down my legs. In turn, I sent my piss across her pubic region.

As I was finishing, Kaele1gh shivered a little once again. «Ah, that was SO wonderful. The relief from me just pushing it out was good all in itself, but the pressure from your stream running down my pussy carried me away.»

We were empty now, but for a moment we'd shared our warmth.

Just then, I shivered, too. It was probably because I had been cooled down by the rain, but I liked to think it was for something else.

