Taking a piss in the office after hours

21st April 2007, 09:44 AM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

Once again I found myself with the upstairs office completely deserted of staff. The idea of having another naughty piss upstairs had been in my mind since around 3:30pm when Susan had rung me to say she was having problems with her email. I was stopping late anyway so I had gone for a look.

Now I found myself by the new girl's desk. She is blond, pretty and 25 years of age with a killer body. Long legs, great tits and a fantastic bum! I had the image of her in my mind as I slid open my zipper and let my limp penis slide out into the open. Now here I was with my dick poking out of my pants in our deserted office. There will still people around downstairs but I prayed I would hear their footsteps on the stairs long before they reached the top.

I stared down at Helen's chair which I had turned round to face me. In my mind I tried to visualize the image of her bum cheeks sitting on the brown fabric as I tried to start my pee. Nothing happened! Nerves I guess. For several long seconds I stood there trying to squirt my piss onto Helen's chair. Finally I felt the rush of pee flowing through my lower body on its way to my waiting penis. Then it happened. The little pee slit at the end of my dick opened up and a clear stream of hot pee squirted into the air above Helen's chair. My golden shower became a flowing arch of piss falling downwards to patter over the fabric instantly staining the material with a collection of damp spots. Instantly I stopped my pee not wanting to risk doing too much over the chair that somebody may guess at what I had done come Monday morning.

Staring down past my limp penis I admired my handiwork. The knowledge that the following peek, the lovely Helen would be sitting her lovely bum cheeks down on my pee stain without ever suspecting. With this in my mind I just couldn't hold myself back. I had to squirt some more pee over her chair.

Squeezing harder this time I summoned up a new shower of piss for Helen's chair. This time round I had enough force to squirt my pee flowing pee stream across the seat of the chair so that my hot piss landed over the back support. A new stain of damp splotches appeared on the chair fabric as I christened it with my pee. What a fantastic feeling! I imagined Helen sitting in the chair whilst I squirted my piss all over her incredible naked body, enjoying the sight of my flowing pee as it washed over her creamy skin. I would really love to pee on her tits, getting to witness the way in which my piss fountain flowed between her boobs and over the red welts that surrounded her erect nipples. Of course after pissing over her body I would expect to be able to pee in her mouth for good measure. I wonder what she would think of the taste?

Back downstairs and to my tasks. As I pass the water dispenser I treat myself to a full glass. Twenty minutes I'm back upstairs and looking at Susan's problem. Susan is a short brunette with curly hair which falls to her shoulders. Although very pretty she has started to pile on the pounds. This doesn't change the fact that I will stare at her ample cleavage when ever the opportunity presents itself (which is quite a lot). I stare at her chair. I'm sure she had changed it since I last took a piss over it. Not to be outdone I slide down my zipper and produce my dick. With a wonderful feeling I aim at Susan's chair and start to pee.

A much stronger spray of piss leaps from the end of my dick this time, and starts to patter over the dark brown woven fabric of the chair seat. I aim my dick around ensuring that I get a good covering over the area where Susan's bum normally resides before lifting my dick upwards to send a stream of my hot flowing piss over the back rest as well. I finish my pee and took my dick back into my pants but I do not bother closing the zipper. Rushing to the paper towels on the little kitchen unit, I grab a handful and dash back to Susan's chair. Quickly I dry up as much of the dampness as possible. Once done, there is still a lovely telltale trace of where I have just peed and I rub my dick subconsciously through my pants.

I still have lots of pee left so I rush around to Amanda's desk. Sitting down on her chair I pull out my dick from my pants and reach for her coffee cup which is half full of still warm liquid. I move the cup down to my groin and place my dick inside its mouth. With great delight I start to emit a little stream of pee out of my penis and into Amanda's cup. The sound of my piss landing in the coffee makes a wonderful sound which sounds quite loud in the empty office. Nervously I lift up my dick so my piss impacts over the ceramic wall before running down into the coffee. I continue pissing in her cup for several more seconds before the urge to pee elsewhere overtakes me.

Putting the piss and coffee filled mug back on the table I try to take a quick piss over the floor at the base of Amanda's desk. I think it is because I am imagining Amanda's pussy trying to pee over her floor, prevents from being able to manage it. Disappointedly I stand up and wonder where else I can try. The last time I peed in a woman's coffee cup, the offending item belonged to Nicola, a raven haired beauty who sits at the top of the office. I walk round the desks on my way over to her department wondering if I should stop for a quick piss over Jean's chair on the way. No! I'll pee in Nicola's cup again I think!

At Nicola's desk I waste no time and quickly line up my dick end into her empty coffee cup. A soft hiss and patter immediately starts to emanate from inside as my clear hot spray of piss shoots out of my penis and starts to fill up the cup with a growing pool of my pee. Peeing in Nicola's cup in a wonderful experience! Once again it is the image of the woman who sits at the desk that fills my mind as I desecrate her private belongings with my flowing pee.

At the end of my piss I just can't help myself. Putting the cup down on the table I aim my dick over the arm support of her chair and treat the seat to a quick squirt of piss from out of my dick. My urine splashes down in a line of dark spots over the felt work. I am spent of pee now and know I need to finish off my work so I can go home and masturbate over my activities.

