All Tied Up (Male desperation)

17th April 2010, 02:47 AM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Jeremy awoke to find himself tied to his bed. Hazily, he tried to recall the events of the night before, but nothing came to him. He tugged at the bindings on his arms, but they did not give. With a shock of awareness he realized that his bladder was very, very full.

"Oh, shit..." he murmured, trying to think of a way to free himself. Every moment made him have to piss worse. His legs were free, and he could move them from side to side, but there was not enough leverage to get himself off the bed entirely, and his arms were tied tight to the bed frame with rope. He was still in the clothes of the night before.

"Hello?" he called, hoping that whoever had put him in such a position was still in the house, and that it wasn't someone who wanted to kill him. There was no answer. Jeremy's bladder throbbed, crying out for release, but Jeremy had no way to answer it. Unable to grab himself, he twisted his legs together against the burning pressure.

"Oh, God..." He was talking to himself, but he couldn't help it. "I have to piss... how the hell do I get off this bed?"

He knew his roommate would not be home at this hour to help him. A brief thought ran through his head-- what if he couldn't get himself free at all? What if he wet himself, and had to wait for his roommate to come home, laying in a pissed bed? The thought was humiliating. He jerked against the ropes again, and to his horror, felt a warm shot of urine escape him as the movements jarred his swollen bladder.

This can't be happening, he told himself. It's all a dream.

His grip was weakening. He spurted again, unable to control himself, and it soaked through the front of his jeans in a little dark spot. The sensation of cooling piss around his balls was almost enough to make him lose it completely.

"Hey, somebody!" he shouted futilely. "Help me!"

In a last-ditch effort, he tried to fling himself off the side of the bed. He was pushed to the side of the mattress, almost off but not quite-- and in the shock of the landing, found himself pissing uncontrollably for at least five seconds before he could shut off the flow. He squeezed his legs together and moaned. The front of his jeans were soaked, and he could feel the piss trickling down his balls and ass and wetting the mattress beneath him. Worst of all, he still had to piss so badly he could hardly keep it in. He tried to think of dry, calming things while he moved his wrists around to try and loosen the knots.

"Come on, Jeremy... you can hold it..."

Despite what he told himself, he knew he couldn't. Piss was beginning to dribble slowly but steadily through his weary muscles, filling his urethra and dripping into his boxers and down his leg. The wet spot on his jeans slowly grew as he watched.

To his amazement, one wrist began to come loose. He worked furiously at it, writhing around on the bed to try and contain himself. His legs squeezed and jumped and zig-zagged to keep the damn from bursting. He finally got one hand free and went to work immediately at the other knot, now able to use his fingers. His bladder swelled, sending out urgent last-minute signals; he knew it would only be a matter of moments. He half-kneeled on the bed and resisted the urge to grab himself, keeping at the knot instead, but when his bladder surged so hard that he bent over in pain, he had no choice but to squeeze his cock with all his might to keep from wetting himself. He found he could not let go. He tried desperately to work his wrist free like he had the first one, in wide rhythmic circles.

"I'm gonna piss, I'm gonna piss," he hissed, rocking back and forth. "Oh God, I'm gonna piss myself..."

The rope began to loosen. Jeremy felt a rush of relief and tried to jerk his hand free, just as a quick surge of urine burst from his cock, anticipating release-- but as he pulled the knot grew tighter, binding his wrist once again. His bladder could not take it. Though he squeezed and writhed, a stream like a low faucet began to sputter out of him, not a full flood but beyond his control. His jeans and hand were soaked with hot, streaming piss. He could hear it begin to splatter on the mattress below him, collecting in small, desperate pools.

"Shit!" He doubled over, his hand jammed between his legs. "Shit, shit..."

As if it were some sort of signal, his bladder failed entirely. The floodgates burst open with a pained moan from Jeremy, and his desperate piss flowed out of him at an amazing pace, welling up and shining all over the front of his jeans, warm and wet, streaming thick down his legs and soaking the bed. He kept tugging futiley at his ropes, though all hope was lost. The current raged over his hand, burning it with warmth, and soaked up the back of his jeans until he was wet all over. He moaned again, involuntarily, an instinctual response to the immense relief. The pain of his bladder drained out him in a hissing flood, weakening his knees. He could not stop pissing. He was amazed at how much flowed out of him; it seemed to never end though he could not imagine being able to hold so much inside of him. When it finally slowed, he found himself out of breath.

He was finally able to look down at the bed as his desperate flow faded into a trickle. There was a huge lake beneath him, as he had pissed too fast for the mattress to absorb. His clothes were soaked with hot piss; even the bottom of his shirt was wet. As he moved, the wet fabric of his jeans rubbed against his cock and sent a shock of arousal though him. He moved his legs back and forth again, testing it, and found himself growing hard. With his free hand he unzipped his jeans, fueled again by an urgent need, but this time with an empty bladder. When he touched his dick it was still pissing very slowly, and he let the warmth trickle between his fingers before taking firm hold of himself. There were no thoughts in him but desire and the need to satisfy it.

He bent down in the puddle of piss and masturbated furiously, feeling its warmth still all over him, soaking further into his knees from the quagmire below him. He was unbelievably aroused by it. He found himself approaching orgasm after only a couple minutes, and as the piss began to cool all over him, he lost control and shot his wad. It fell into the puddle. He stroked himself slowly with his eyes shut tight, reveling in the sensation, and when he was finished to his great surprise he began to piss again, not nearly as strong as before, but still a steady stream. He aimed it at his chest and wet the rest of his shirt. It felt like a warm shower. His piss shot upwards, straight and strong. Just before it began to run out, he bent down and let it splash over his face, then let it run all over his hands. When he was finished, he was soaked all over. He looked in dismay at his bed and the knot still around his wrist, and then heard a key in the front door...

