Desperation in the workplace

20th February 2013, 08:42 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Wow. Working as a nurse sure can be hard on my personal life. I don't get to check in on this website NEARLY as often as I'd like, much to my disappointment. But, I happen to have some free time now, so what better way to spend it than with another wetting story?!

Ironically, "true desperation" doesn't do much for me. I mean, OK: Here we have a random cutie, doing the pee dance and whining and complaining about how she's going to wet herself. And when it finally happens, she's upset about it. Right there, whatever video I'm watching has totally lost me. I love wetting myself, and I think all women should as well! I get seriously hot and bothered watching wettings when the girl visibly loves it and is clearly doing it on purpose, but anything where she wets herself "accidentally" never really revs my engine.

This is not to say I haven't experienced true desperation myself. Every woman has. But, as is the case with me, my desperation tends to be different from most women. Take, for example, a day at my work, just last Monday. I made my rounds and minded my patients, everything a nurse is trained to do. I'm one of the very few nurses who opt for the standard uniform skirt rather than the pants. How else can I keep my lady bits free and happy?

But, as some may figure, nurse shifts can really drag. Especially if you're busy. Bathroom breaks? You wish. (Oh yeah. That's where I'm going with this. ) And on this day, it was particularly hectic. I had been asked to fill in at the ER, because some folks were out with the flu. Have you ever been in an ER? It's nuts. It's just full of people with things chopped off and foreign objects protruding from places they really shouldn't be. To avoid getting too far off-topic, I'll just say this: On this day, I didn't have the time for a single bathroom break. For an 8-hour shift.

At first, it wasn't so bad. I did my best to try and ignore the build-up downstairs. Every so often though, I felt a pulse of pressure from my bladder, which made my exposed pussy tingle with excitement. But about 3/4ths of the way through the day, my bladder was practically throbbing. By the end of my shift, I was many things. Tired, hungry, and in DESPERATE need of a pee! My bladder was just crying out for release. I punched out, grabbed my purse, and hurried to the ladies' restroom.

When I got there, I saw the cleaning crew inside, doing their dilligent job. Well, OK then! On that floor, the other restroom was on the opposite end of the building, so I hopped up a nearby flight of stairs to the 2nd floor, where I knew another one was. And wouldn't you believe it, it was cordoned off with some yellow warning tape. Oh that's right; it was undergoing repair work at the time. OH MY GODS. There was no place nearby to go! I had started to panic a bit, but then I remembered; I don't care. I just calmed down, and told myself that all I had to do was find a place where no one was around. I walked out the ER exit and started to hurry around the outside of the building.

I was really hurting, now. I tried my best to keep from peeing on the spot, but it was getting harder and harder. Finally I worked my way to the loading area of the hospital; no one was around. Hurray! I went for my purse to grab the panties

I keep inside, but... the zipper was stuck. WHAT?! Try as I might, I couldn't get the stupid thing to move. My wetting salvation was tucked inside this leather sack, and I couldn't open it! At that point, I thought for sure I would have to break my special rule. But then, desperation struck me with the idea: my skirt! It was nighttime, so no one would notice unless they looked up close, and soon my ride would be coming for me anyway! Why not?

I dropped my purse, leaned against the wall of the building, and jammed my hand between my legs, pressing my skirt tight against my crotch. As soon as my bits felt fabric against them, my pee came gushing out in a flood. The front of my skirt was immediately soaked, and every inch of my pussy was saturated in lovely warm wetness. As my bladder emptied, and pee cascaded down in front of me, it just felt so GOOD, I let out these weird, loud, hysterical laughs of both relief and pleasure. There I was, in the dark of night uncontrollably cackling like a mad-woman. But I didn't care; I finally had relief. I'm just glad no one saw me!

I dried my hand on my skirt, and walked back around to the front of the building. My ride was waiting for me in the parking lot, as I thought it would be. I got in the car and was greeted by my lovely Alice. She took one look at me and chuckled. "Sooo... what happened to you?"

I fumbled with my purse's zipper. "Oh, you know how it is. Desperation makes people do strange things."

"Yeah, I can see that. Was it worth it?" She took my purse from me and tried to get it open herself.

"Oh, I'd say so." I slipped off my wet skirt and tossed it down at my feet. "I was just lucky it was the end of the day, otherwise I'd have a real privacy problem." I put my heels up on the seat and spread my legs, letting my pussy air out. The rush of air felt so liberating.

At this point, Alice finally got my purse open. One of the zipper pegs was unlocked and created a gap that needed more force than I could have mustered. She handed it back to me and gave my pussy a loving caress. "Well, I'm glad it worked out, sweetie. Let's get you home." With that, she started the car and began to pull out of the parking lot.

But her little pussy rub triggered a response inside me; I wasn't quite done yet! I calmly fished the panties out of my purse and slipped them on. I gave a little push on my bladder, and the last bit of my pee saturated the panties. It wasn't enough to start dripping out and making a mess, just enough to wet my pussy up good.

"Ahhhhh. What a day." I said. Alice just laughed and called me a nutcase. I would certainly like to know how she'd handle that situation in my place!

