The puddles and the pissening of the lawnchair

23rd April 2007, 09:10 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

It is a wonderful warm and breeeezy night and i am delightfully intoxtatered here annnnnd I have 3 puddles to be proud of as of yet. It's 253am as i type this and i will splain the puddles now. First The Front Porch, on the chair, I put one foot up on the rail and scooted down and also leaned back. I wore my orange skirt and smoked a few cigs. I did not wear undeepants and so the breeze blew my pussy kisses and it was niiiiiice feelin it. It cooled and tickled my vaginie and my hand touched it and fingers spread those lips wider. Cars drove by on the road below, oblivious to my expose'. Nanchalantly I, relaxing, looked down as I began to drizzle and spray forward. Most of it arced forward and throw the bars of the railing into grass. What didnt sprayed the wooden deck. My splatter was about 3 feet and ovular with little drops framing it all over. I got up directly when finished and walked back in drank somor looked at ps movies and then laterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

I went out to the porch again and stood with my legs apart about a foot and just let it drizzle down and spatter again. I felt some land on my socks and soak in. Then I took a few steps and did it once more, felt empty and went inside.

Bout 1/2 hour later I went out of doors again, sitting on the neighbors nice new lawn chair. It was very comfortable. I'd sat in it before.

They said I could.

This time as I walked over and sat, I had a secret, a dildo that was partially inside my pussssssy. I sat on the chair and watched cars go by. The slit in my skirt had been slid to the front and access was cake to pie so to speak. hee. anyways so then I could discreetly, secretly subtly, without anyone knowing, and uh you know. I moved it in and out but not all the way out. As soon as it was out I knew I'd squirt all over. I sat smoking and drankin my beer then leaned back and scooted to the edge and pulled it out and gushed noisly in the grass. I pushed it back in and out and squirted each time it was out. I pissed for a long time then walked back inside holdin my peepee wetdildo.

