Poem

17th April 2007, 05:41 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

I wrote this in an hour while I was supposed to be working today. The funny thing is, I could not have said up until the moment I began typing that I intended to write a poem, or anything else, today. I'm convinced that if I had been interrupted and forced to hide the poem, I could not possibly have finished it at another time. But, in any case, here it is.

###

Her hair is red as flaming pitch,

Her breasts, two grapefruits, hang above

A slit that, like a well-bred cat,

Is furred as softly as a glove.

I know, for I have seer her oft

Unclothed when, in the dead of night,

She, naked, comes to my abode,

Her skin agleam by candlelight.

She throws herself upon my bed,

Her sweaty fingers seeking out

That organ, now hard as a rock,

Which she can't seem to do without.

Her passion sated, and mine, too,

She disappears in fear of spies.

By day, her dress is grayish wool

That hideth her from mortal eyes.

She speaketh not to me by day;

Our neighbors must not find us out.

Impurity is sin, we're told,

And she'd be killed without a doubt.

But, Tuesday morn upon the road

She called to me. "I must," said she,

"soon find a place to vent my piss,

Else presently I'll piss on me.

Her face was red, her breathing fast.

Her dress she crushed into her crotch.

Though pain was writ upon her face,

I felt I could but stand and watch.

She stared; 'twas then, I think, she knew

I like to see her overfill.

My heart raced fast. My brain was numb

At sight of her about to spill.

"Come close" said she, "and see the gold

That groweth, liquid, in this mine.

My body's weak from holding on

And leaks already golden wine."

Her dress she lifted; I'd not seen

Beneath it save by candlelight.

In sun, her pleasure hole was red

And dripped with liquid shining bright.

It came; and, in a golden arch

It spattered on the hard-packed mud.

Her face was placid in relief

As from those lips there poured a flood.

We looked to neither right nor left,

But, soaking dress and pants with piss,

We kissed. She gave me entrance to

That ruddy, sodden cave of bliss.

Three watched us; but I saw them not

'till with our crime completely done,

I looked, and they looked back; I saw

With horror that we were undone.

Said one, "Kill her! a harlot base,

Who tempteth men to vilest sin!"

Another said, "Kill him! 'tis rape,

Which comes of drinking too much gin!"

The third, the smartest of the three,

Said, "Look you, maybe both should die!

Quick! drag them home. We'll find someone

More fit to judge than you or I."

The Magister in Ravenshome

Declared us both to be impure.

"For what the devil owns," he said,

"the cleansing flame's the only cure."

The night we passed in prison cells,

Apart, but close enough to see

Each other; and, throughout the night

I stared at her and she at me.

But morning came, as is its wont.

The execution day dawned clear,

And, hurried from the dungeon dark

I blinked and looked around in fear.

But, she was there and, standing tall,

Ignoring jeering crowds who lined

The streets, she looked at me and smiled,

Then closed her eyes and walked on blind.

They marched us, naked, through the town

And, touching, breast to breast, they tied

Us to the iron burning-pole;

At least I'd see her as I died.

The torch was dropped; the pitch-soaked wood

Burst, spitting, into flame and light.

Through smoke and sweat and heat intense,

I kissed my love a last goodnight.

And now I felt, above my crotch,

As she and I kissed one last kiss,

A rush of water turn to steam.

Her final gift: a long-held piss.

