More peeing fun with T

11th May 2011, 06:02 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

There are certain times when one wished that a camera was near to hand, this was just such an occasion.

Saturday

As we did not get to sleep much before 04.30am we did not wake until well past 11.00am. Coffee was then served in bed by myself. I got out of bed some half an hour later and I really did need to pee, so as it turned out did T. We went into the main room of our Hotel room and I stood near the TV cabinet and asked T to come over.

I held her by her waist and pulled her toward me and she pushed herself right up close to me and I sarted to let my pee go. T then moved away slightly and held my hand and we began to walk around the room, as we were walking we were both now pissing all down our legs and over the carpet and on we went into the bathroom. Our pee had left two very wide long trails behind each of us. We then showered one another and then dried each other off and went down for breakfast.

When we had finished our breakfast we went back up our room and T made coffee for us. Sitting on the sofa we talked of what we would like to do today. We decided that a walk would be nice as the weather was fairly warm.

We spent a nice afternoon walking, drinking water and coke in a couple of cafe's. T was wearing a see through summer skirt, it was white and she had put a pair of light blue panties on. This was of course done on purpose as they could be seen very clearly through her skirt both from the front and from the rear. Whenever people passed us whilst we were walking they would look at T, we also noticed that three guys followed us a long way along the promenade and whenever we stopped they also stopped. They even came into the last cafe where we were and sat opposite us. Coincidence? I have no idea.

On our way back to the Hotel she said that she needed to pee, we carried on walking but there really was nowhere that was even a little secluded for her to pee. So I suggested that we sit on the beach and she could go whilst sitting on the sand. We walked a little way along the beach then we sat.

She waited a little while until she was absolutely bursting and she said that whenever she moved she leaked a little into her panties. I looked around and noticed that there was someone laying on the beach to our side, it was a guy probably in his early twenties, she then turned to face his way and she pulled her feet up toward her with her knees together, but her feet were apart. I could see a very damp patch in the crotch of her panties, and at the back of her skirt there was also a tiny wet spot.

Although her head was almost facing downward her eyes were lifted and she was looking toward the guy laying near us. We noticed that he had moved his head and now rested it on his hands so that he could see us. T then slipped her right hand under her thigh and pulled her panties to one side, and still she waited, but not for long.

She let it go in such a burst that it could be seen streaming outward toward and beyond her feet. Even in the wide open space of the beach with the sound of the sea, the hissing could be heard. The onlooker lifted his head a little and both T and I made out that we were not taking any notice of him. The look on his face when she was in full stream was a picture. When she had finished she put her panties back into place and we got up and started to walk away, but before we had walked 5 yards she looked back at the wet sand and then looked at her onlooker and gave him a look as though butter would not melt in her mouth.

As we walked back to the Hotel I said to her, you are a right little exibitionist. she replied with a giggle, the thought of peeing in public and being caught is exciting.

That was Saturday afternoon. The evening was also a good one for us both, but that is for another day.

