Tammy and Scott part 2

10th January 2011, 06:38 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

...That leads me to tonight. There she is standing there in panties that are piss wet and cum soaked...another man's piss... Another man's cum.

Part two...

I can't wait to hear all the details. Tammy turned to me and hugged me while kissing me deeply and long. She placed her hand on my cock, gently rubbing it thorough my underwear. «Pee for me she breathed.» I peed. It was as if all the emotions I had been struggling with through the night came flowing out with the pee. I actually had tears in my eyes as I felt all the doubt leave me and the only thing left was the knowledge that I loved her so deeply at that moment that it hurt. I just let it all flow through my briefs onto her hand. She moaned lowly and gently rubbed me until I was completely empty and we were standing in a puddle on the floor.

«Are you ok?» She asks. «I am more than Ok I responded. I am wonderful and so are you. Tell me all about it.»

« I should clean up first» she said. «No, please stay just the way you are for awhile.» I said. I wanted to look at her. I wanted to see her in those wet messy panties. I wanted to play with her in them while she told me all the juicy details of her night with Scott. I took her hand and lead her to the bedroom. I lay down on the bed and pulled Tammy down beside me. Slowly we began to hug and kiss as I worked my hand up under her skirt and started rubbing her pussy through those messy panties. I have never been that turned on. I knew I would cum if I didn't slow down a little so I backed away and, resting my head on my pillow, I ask Tammy to tell me about her night. She snuggled up to me and laid her head on my arm and began her story.

She and Scott had met in the parking lot of the store just up the road from the school. Tammy had left her car and got into Scotts pick-up truck. They left quickly not wanting to be seen by anyone they knew. No sooner had they pulled out of the parking lot when Scott placed his hand on Tammy's leg. Tammy said her first reaction was to resist Scott. I ask her why and she explained, this was her first time with someone outside of our marriage and she was having second thoughts. However Scott was persistent and soon her lust overcame her guilt. It wasn't long till Scott had worked his way to Tammy's panties and was gently fingering her as he drove. Tammy said it was just like being in high school and the excitement of getting caught was as much of a turn on as anything else. Before they had traveled far Scott ask Tammy if she needed to pee. She responded «as a matter of fact I do. I've been saving it all afternoon.»

«Do you?» She asks Scott.

She snuggled in closer to me as she described Scott's reaction to this. She was rubbing my own hard cock as she described how Scott had moaned as she placed her hand on the bulge in his pants. I prodded Tammy for details as the story unfolded. Scott was wearing jeans and, as I later found out, white cotton briefs. As Tammy talked I rolled over facing her and worked my hand up her skirt to her panties. I can't describe the feeling of rubbing the crotch of her panties as she talked; feeling the slick wet mess I knew was Scotts cum. As I gently rubbed her, Tammy let out a short burst of pee through her panties into the palm of my hand. My cock twitched against her bear leg and she gave me the most mischievous grin. «You are loving this, aren't you?» she asks. «You don't know how much» I responded.

She went on with her story, being freer with the details after judging my reaction. Scott asked her if she could hold it as they were not going far. Tammy asked where they were going and Scott had just grinned and said it was a surprise. Just like teenagers they found a secluded parking spot near the river. Scott had found the spot earlier while fishing and thought it would be the perfect place to take Tammy. He had brought a picnic and bottle of wine. They left the truck and walked through the woods to the small clearing next to the river. Tammy was surprised to find a little grassy park complete with picnic table and sandy beach. She became concerned that they would be caught but Scott explained that he knew the owners who were part time residents and they were gone for the season. After convincing her they were safe Tammy said things started happening fast.

She reminded Scott how bad she needed to pee and he was just as desperate. She told Scott she wanted to see him wet his pants again. Apparently, like me, Scott likes the feeling of wearing his wet cloths after peeing in them. He told her he was planning to wait till after their picnic but didn't think he could wait that long anyway. He told Tammy he «was hers to play with» and ask her how she wanted him to do it. She set down on the table bench and had him standing right in front of her. She was eye level with his crotch.

She said she placed her hands on his hips and positioned him just right before saying «now pee». Scott has apparently had lots of practice and Tammy said there was little hesitation before she saw the front of his jeans becoming wet. She watched for a few seconds and asked him to stop. Tammy then unzipped his pants and spread the opening so she could see his underwear. White briefs. Tammy said they were already see-through and the sight of his wet cock made her juices start to flow. She then told him to finish peeing while she watched it spread in his underwear. His cock began to grow as he finished up and Tammy couldn't resist rubbing it as he let the last drops go. She said she rubbed him till he was rock hard and his dick was sticking out of his fly, still incased in his wet briefs. She resisted the urge to take it in her mouth.

«Now it's my turn» she said. She set him down with his fly still open and that hard cock sticking through. Tammy then straddled him, setting on his lap. As she told me how it felt when his wetness started seeping into her panties, she slowly straddled me, like she had him. She rubbed her panty covered pussy up and down on my cock as she talked. I moaned as she let her pee flow down through my own damp underwear. She described how his cock had throbbed against her pussy as she let her pee flow through her panties down onto Scotts lap. My own cock was throbbing against her as she related the details.

She told me how Scott had pulled her panties to the side and fingered her as she peed. She told me how he had freed his cock and slipped it into her. While she described how it felt when Scott came in her the first time, she began to slid up and down on my cock faster and faster. Two layers of cloth separated my cock from her pussy but the slickness caused by the combination of Scotts cum and her piss made her panties slip easily against me. It wasn't long till I unloaded my own cum into my underwear. As I came, I felt Tammy stiffen. Soon she was caught up in her own climax, adding more fluids to the mess already in her panties.

We rested, laying in each others arms, not talking, just basking in the after throws of a most wonderful climax. It wasn't long though till I begged to hear the rest of the story. After the initial wetting and sex they enjoyed the picnic Scott had brought. Both of them wetting a couple of times while eating and drinking the wine. Tammy said she never did remove her panties. She just had Scott pull them to the side before screwing her. She said the feeling of Scotts cum leaking into them was driving her wild.

She couldn't wait to get home and show me how much Scott had cum in her, although she was worried about my reaction. Scott has cum in her three times tonight, the last time in his truck in our driveway just minutes before she came in the house. After screwing her the last time and rearranging their clothing, Scott got out and walked to her side of the truck. He opened the door and helped her down. He then surprised her by raising her skirt, pulling her panties out at the top and peeing into them. Tammy said it was the most incredible feeling when his warm pee washed down over her pussy through her panties and down her legs.

When Tammy was finished telling of her night's adventure she asked me if I had any pee left. I always do it seams. I told her, like Scott, I was hers to play with and asked what she wanted me to do. She got up and removed her skirt then pulled out the top of her panties. I could see some of Scotts cum still matted in the hair of her pussy despite the washing Scott had given her. I didn't need to ask what she wanted next and quickly positioned myself where I could pee down the front of her panties. As I did, she also let go with the last of her pee, letting it mingle with mine and splash our feet as it hit the floor.

Tammy then pushed me back on the bed and quickly maneuvered into the 69 position. I became instantly hard as her wet, slick, cum filled, panty covered pussy mashed into my face. I could have licked them all night long while she slowly sucked my cock, but she soon changed positions again. Tammy straddled my cock facing me. She pulled her panties to the side and helped me enter her. We only lasted a minute before we both came again, me adding a forth load of cum to her well used pussy.

Tammy, spent and well satisfied, spooned next to me and went sound to sleep. Her ass is pressed to my cock and she is still wearing the wettest, messiest pair of panties I have ever had the privilege of playing with. I pissed into my underwear and onto her ass one more time before falling into a deep and blissful sleep myself. I am going to sleep wondering if she will change those panties in the morning.

