Post #10,000; kaele1gh's American Vacation, Day 3

17th April 2011, 12:57 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Tuesday, June 14, 2011

The alarm wakes me up. I reach over to turn it off with my left hand; my right hand is holding Kaeleigh as her naked body snuggles up to mine.

«Good morning, gorgeous,» she replies, right before giving me a kiss.

«Good morning, beautiful,» I respond. It's my second day of waking up next to her, and I definitely could get used to this.

She looks down and notices a little tent in the sheets. «What's this?» she asks playfully, reaching under the covers and stroking my hard dick.

«I don't know. Why don't you play around w/ it for a little bit and find out?» I reply, smiling.

«I think I know just what to do w/ it,» she says w/ a wink, before climbing on top of me and sliding my dick into her pussy.

«Oh, God, what a great way to wake up,» I tell her, reaching up to fondle her beautiful tits.

It feels so good, my cock sliding in and out of her pussy, my hands kneading her large, wonderful tits. I lean up and start to kiss and suck on those tits while she rides my cock, aware of the pain she is putting on my bladder. I want to release my piss inside her pussy, and to feel it flowing out of her, but I hold on, not wanting to soak the sheets in the motel room.

«Oh, God, that feels good,» she murmurs, loving the feel of my dick in her pussy and my hands and mouth on her tits. «Oh, and I really need to piss!»

«Do you think that you can do it small spurts, rather than in a big flow?» I ask.

«Yeah, I think I can manage that.»

«The let's change to a 69,» I respond. «You can piss in my mouth while you suck my dick.»

As we shift positions, I grab my shirt from last night off of the floor, and spread it out behind my head, in order to catch any dribbles my mouth might miss. As she gets in position, and I see her beautiful pussy right above my face, I suddenly get second thoughts. I really only like to drink pee when it's clear, now I'm going to drink her first pee of the morning. Realizing that it's too late to back out now, I start to lick her pussy, waiting for the first squirt to come out.

She asks me if I'm ready, and I respond that I am. She releases a slow trickle of piss for about 15 seconds, and I open my mouth and take it in. I realize that my concerns are unfounded. She keeps herself hydrated well enough that her first pee of the morning isn't as strong and yellow as mine is, and, while it's still stronger than I normally drink it, I don't mind, especially in the eroticism of the current situation.

Satisfied that I am able to drink her quick spurts of piss, she starts sucking on my cock, frequently releasing 10 to 20 second trickles of pee. I eagerly drink them up, w/ only minimal drops reaching the shirt beneath my head. Between spurts, I lick around her pussy to clean off any piss that might be there. Tasting her piss and feeling my dick in her hot mouth is an incredible feeling, one that I am enjoying immensely.

She is enjoying multiple sensations as well: the feeling of relief as she slowly empties her bladder, the feeling of naughtiness as she pisses in my mouth while sucking my cock, and, of course, the sensations from my tongue as I clean her pussy.

I hold back my orgasm for as long as I can, but soon I can't do it anymore, and I explode in her mouth. She eagerly swallows my hot cum in her throat. This turns her on even more, and I soon notice the taste of her cum, rather than her piss, on my tongue. She cums long and hard, with my tongue eagerly licking her pussy and clit.

I would love to have snuggle w/ her, basking in the glow of our mutual orgasms, but I really have to piss, having not been able to release any pressure off of my bladder, like she had. «Hey, Kaeleigh, I really have to piss,» I tell her, «do you want any of it?»

«Of course, silly!» she responds. «Let's hit the tub.»

She sits at the edge of the tub, her legs spread. «I want your hot stream on my clit. Piss on it as hard as you can.»

I oblige, grabbing my dick, aiming it at her pussy, and pissing a hard stream. She opens her pussy lips w/ her fingers, and gets turned on all over again as she feels my hot piss on her clit. She stands up as soon as I finish, vigorously fingering her pussy.

I reach down and replace her fingers with mine, and give her a passionate kiss. Her bladder, while no longer bursting, is still not empty, and she starts to piss. I love the feel of her piss as it runs over my fingers and hand, and she loves the feelings of my fingers in her pussy, and the piss as it runs down her legs. She cums again shortly after she finishes pissing.

We clean up, get dressed, and then pack up the van, as we will be checking out of the motel this morning. We then eat the free continental breakfast at the motel, drinking lots of water and juice as we eat, and check out. Finally, we make our way to Slaughter Canyon Cave.

The entrance to the Slaughter Canyon Cave is in an entirely different place than the visitor center, and is a bit of a longer drive from the town of Carlsbad. We talk, joke, and laugh along the way, learning more about each other, and enjoying each other's company. After a while we finally pull up to the parking lot.

From the parking lot it is a half mile hike over rough terrain to the cave entrance, where we are to meet our guide. We bring the water, flashlights, and spare batteries we've been told to take, and start to make the hike. We both enjoy the hike and the desert vistas. About three quarters of the way through she lets me know that she needs to pee.

«I'm sure that there will be some type of facilities at the cave entrance,» I tell her. «We can relieve ourselves there.»

«What's the fun in that?» she replies w/ a wink.

We had seen some people up ahead of us on the trail, and I know that there might be some other people coming from behind, all in order to take this cave tour. To make sure we are not seen we hike off the trail a little bit, until we come to a spot that was hidden from trail. Needing to pee myself, I whip out my dick, and she reaches her hand over and grabs it. «I've always wanted to write my name in piss. Since I can't do it myself, I want to use yours.»

She aims my dick as I start to piss, and gets out K - a - e - l before my stream wanes. «Sorry, I wish I had enough for you to complete your name.»

Giggling, she replies «Don't worry, I'm sure we'll have the opportunity to try again.» She then pulls down her pants, squats, and begins to piss. I reach my hand in, cup some of her piss, and bring it to my lips to take a drink. I do this a couple of more times, enjoying the taste of her piss. As she finishes and stands up, I start to clean her off w/ my tongue. Loving the feeling, she grinds her pussy into my face, and I attack her clit w/ my tongue. She cums for the third time that morning, giving a little bit of a shriek as she does so.

«Hey, is everything OK over here,» we hear, and turn around to see a couple approaching us. They see her w/ her pants down, and me turning around from having my face in her crotch, and all four of us get immediately embarrassed.

As she quickly pulls her pants up, the woman stammers, «We're sorry, we saw you leave the trail, and were worried, and, um, heard, oh my god, we're so sorry.» They then turn and walk away.

We sit there for a minute, stunned and embarrassed. Finally she starts giggling. «Oh my god, I can't believe we were caught! How embarrassing!»

«Holy shit, I can't believe it either,» I say. «I don't know that I'll ever live this down. And now we've got to go on a cave tour w/ that couple. What are they going to think about us?»

«Come on, you'll get over it,» she replies. «It IS embarrassing, but also kind of horny, don't you think. And at least he enjoyed it. Did you see the bulge in his pants?»

«No, I generally don't look at guy's crotches, but I did notice her nipples poking out of her shirt. Yeah, I'm sure they enjoyed the show, and there's no turning back now. Let's get going.»

We walk to the cave entrance, where we see the couple that just caught me eating her pussy, two other couples, and a father with two teenage sons and a daughter that looks to be 11 or 12. Everyone greets us, and the couple gives us knowing smiles, and the guy gives us a wink. We try to hide our embarrassment.

About 20 minutes later the cave guide appears. I am excited about going on this tour, as I have never been before. He tells us about how this is a more strenuous tour that the Natural Entrance, Big Room, and King's Palace tours, and that some crawling and climbing will be involved. He makes sure that we all have water, flashlights, and spare batteries. We then begin the tour.

I am surprised to see some rough hewn stairs as we enter the cave, but, still, it is not a paved walkway w/ handrails like we saw yesterday. We walk down, initially in artificial light that has been installed in the cave, and eventually using our flashlights. In this cave, with formations I have never seen before, I am just as much awe as she is. We make our way down to the Christmas Tree room, where a large, beautiful, crystal covered stalagmite rises up from the ground.

After letting us all look around and take pictures, the guide gathers us all together and tells us to turn off our flashlights, and for the second time in two days we find ourselves immersed in total darkness. Also, for the second time in two days, we find ourselves kissing and rubbing each other, until he tells us to turn on the flashlights again. Upon turning on the flashlights, I look over and see the couple who caught us earlier, whose names we've since learned are Dave and Linda, looking a little bit disheveled, and smiling at each other. This time it's my turn to give them a little bit of a wink.

About two hours after it started we find ourselves back at the entrance to the cave, our tour complete. Everyone thanks the ranger who guided us, says their goodbyes to each other, and starts back down the trail to the parking area. We end up taking up the rear, w/ David and Linda just ahead of us. About halfway down the trail we see them point to some spot off the trail, and then start to head that way. As they do they look at us and smile. We laugh and smile back, telling them to have fun, and continue back to the car.

We drive back into Carlsbad to have lunch, and then make our way up to our next stop, Roswell. If someone were to Google «Roswell, NM», they would find all kinds of info on a supposed UFO crash landing in the area back in the 50s. Being a skeptic I don't believe in that sort of thing, but I am interested in seeing the UFO museum in Roswell, even if my brother-in-law did tell me it was sort of lame. This is on the itinerary for tomorrow. Tonight's plans consist merely of dinner and checking into a motel.

I am kind of excited to be making this drive, as I've never driven to Roswell from Carlsbad before. I have this weird thing where I like driving on roads I've never been on before. This isn't going to be a long drive, however, maybe an hour and a half at most.

Neither one of us has taken a piss since we did it in the desert that morning. I'm trying to save it up for when we can be alone, I imagine that she is trying to do the same. It is obvious, however, that we are not going to make it, as both of us are squirming in our seats.

«Hey, gorgeous, how about finding some place to pull over so we can take a piss?» she asks me.

«Kaeleigh, do you really want risk getting caught again? After what happened this afternoon?»

«Mark, you need to relax. I can't believe that you're still hung up on that. If you don't want to pee outside, though, I guess I can pee in here in the van.»

With that she grabs a cup from the fast food restaurant where we had just had lunch.

She slips down her pants, exposing that beautiful pussy, lifts herself off of the seat, and starts to fill the empty cup. After she finishes, she places the lid and straw back on top of the cup, and place it in the cup holder.

Her filling of the cup has competing effects on me. The sight and sound of her piss filling the cup turns me on tremendously, making me hard, which, of course, makes it difficult for me to piss. On the other hand it makes me even more aware of the pressure in my own bladder. I decide that the best course of action is to maintain my erection. With that in mind, I reach for the cup.

It feels warm in my hand as I pick it up. I place the straw in my mouth and begin to drink. Drinking her piss from this cup right in front of her has the desired effect, increasing my hard on. Watching me drink this way turns her on, too, and she reaches over, unzips my pants, and pulls out and strokes my dick. At the same time she reaches inside her pants and rubs her pussy.

«God, I love the way your piss tastes,» I exclaim, as I take another drink.

With that she stops stroking me, leans down, and takes my dick in her mouth. I had never received a blow job in a car before yesterday, now I am enjoying my second in two days. It is also the second time today that I enjoyed drinking her piss while she sucks on my dick, though this morning we were in a much different position. Like before, however, the combination of her piss in my mouth and my dick in hers is too much for me to handle, and a hot load of sperm fills her mouth. Like this morning, she eagerly swallows it.

The relief I feel in cumming is soon replaced by the pain I feel in my need to piss. Unable to last until we get Roswell, and not seeing how I could reproduce her cup pee while driving, I pull over to the side of the road. «I'm going to have to piss outside anyway,» I tell her.

I up the door and shift my weight slightly to get up, but find that it puts way too much pressure on bladder. I'm now stuck. If I move I'm going to piss my pants, and I definitely don't want to walk in to a motel lobby in Roswell w/ wet pants. If I don't move I'm going to wet them anyway, and also soak my seat. Realizing my dilemma, she offers to help.

«Gorgeous, if you want, I can do like you did for me this morning, drink small spurts of your piss.»

«Thanks, but you don't like to drink it, at most you just taste a bit. I can't ask you to do this.»

«It's OK, I want to do it.» With that she places my dick back her mouth.

I slowly release a little into her mouth, which she drinks down. With all of the water I've been drinking the taste is not far from warm water, and she doesn't mind drinking it. I continue to release small spurts into her mouth. Occasionally a little will escape her lips, leaving a time wet spot, but that can be covered up by my T-shirt. The more she drinks, the more turned on she gets, and shes starts to rub herself while drinking from me. Soon enough pressure has been released for me to move, and I let her know that.

«Kaeleigh, beautiful, thanks, I can move now. I can go ahead and piss outside.»

She removes her lips from my dick. «This is hot. Go outside if you want, but if you do, you're pissing on me!» she informs me.

The way she talks, and the thought of showering her outside, turns me on, giving me a rare hard on so soon after cumming. I push my fear of being caught to the side, and we both exit the van.

We move behind a nearby mesquite tree. It provides some concealment, and those drivers not paying attention will not notice us. If anyone looks close, however, they will be able to tell that something funny is going on. Neither of us cares.

I pull my dick back out and ask her where she wants it. «Piss in my mouth,» she tells me. «I want to drink more of your piss.»

I aim my dick at her mouth, and piss a steady stream into it. She drinks as much as she can, the rest running off her mouth onto her chest, soaking her shirt. As I finish pissing I grab her arms and pull her up, eagerly kissing her lips, tasting my piss on them. I reach down and pull down her pants, and slide my dick inside her.

We continue to fuck, standing straight up, passionately kissing each other, her wet chest pressed against mine. I feel her body shake as she cums. A short time later I fill her pussy with my cum.

