Natalie's Story  Chapter 1

13th October 2012, 07:13 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

This story is one I have been thinking about, off and on, for at least two years. I started writing it on several occasions during that time, but, despite or perhaps because of the fact that I had spent so much time designing the world, characters and plot in my head, it always somehow appeared to change into shit on the page, and I always destroyed it after a few hours "work," spent mostly staring at a few incomplete paragraphs. This time I have actually written an entire chapter, so I'll leave it to you folks to determine whether it had turned to shit, and whether I should try to write a second chapter.

******

Chapter 1: In which Natalie is made known to the Reader; some Description of her accommodation and Some of her room-mates as a Student of Toron University is Offered; a Penis makes itself conspicuous; unclear statements Pertaining to the former are made by One who enjoys thinking herself Obscure; and the Season changes.

Natalie woke in the night, and the rain had started.

At first, sleepy and muddled, she was unsure what had woken her, and attributed it confusedly to the excessively-loud whinnying of the horse she had been riding in a confused dream of fleeing from an unseen but horrifying presence. For a moment, she could still feel the horse's fur against the insides of her thighs, and she muttered a sleepy reproach to it for having woken her. In the next moment, she came more fully awake, and realized the sound was a hard rain against the dormitory's tiled roof. Not a short shower, this time. It dawned on Natalie, as she lay there, that this would be her first ever rain away from her parents, and her hometown of Helf.

It had been Christine who had noticed that first drizzle. She and Natalie were sitting next to each other listening Professor Halgan lecture on ancient history. A stocky woman with neatly combed black hair both above and below, the professor was reading from notes on the slave rebellions of Sest in a business-like voice. Natalie absently ran a hand through her shiny, shoulder-length, dark hair. It was just about the end of the hour, and Natalie had been looking forward for some time to getting out so she could pee. Bored, she stuck her hand in the waxed leather pouch hanging at her right side from the belt-cord she always wore around her thin, nut-brown waist, and attempted to identify all the coins and other objects by touch.

Suddenly Christine screamed so loudly that everyone jumped, and Natalie leaked a few drops on her seat. "It's raining!" Christine yelled, when everyone looked at her. She was right. Large drops were splashing against the thick glass of the high, north-facing window. The professor, to her credit, didn't even try to compete with the first rain of the year, but declared that she was almost done with her notes for that day. Presently, what seemed like the entire population of Toron University were outside exulting in the warm water on their skin. Natalie's pee was lost in the rain without a trace.

That had been a short shower, over in half an hour; but this time the rain had a more permanent sound to it, and Natalie smiled, glad that the long dry had gone for good -- or at least for a half-year. She considered rolling over on her side and trying to go back to sleep, until she realized that she had to pee; and, once discovered, the need seemed impossible to ignore. She opened her bright green eyes and sat up on her white-sheet-covered mattress. The large, now-familiar room was largely in shadow, though the cloud-filtered moonlight coming in through the windows on the East side permitted her to vaguely see the shapes of her dormitory-mates on their beds.

Christine was snoring slightly on the bed to Natalie's left, the nipples on her large breasts picked out by the light. Natalie wished her own were as large -- she often felt like a prepubescent child next to her friend. She thought Christine counted as a friend, though, if so, she was Natalie's only friend in Toron City. The two of them had met in this same dormitory, when they were assigned beds next to each other. Even with cheery sunlight filtering through the windows, the room had seemed worrisomely large -- big enough for 24 identical beds in four rows of six each with a wooden chest at the foot for its occupant's belongings. With two similarly-sized chambers above and another below, Natalie, knowing nothing of architecture, was worried it might fall in on itself.

She received a bed right next to one of the room's two toilets, and was unsure whether this was an advantage or not -- surely she'd be woken in the night every time someone else needed it. While she was sitting on her bed thinking about this, the white sheet homespun and rough against her buttocks and female parts, a voice said, "Hi. Christine. Looks like we'll be neighbours." The girl was sitting on the toilet, offering her hand to shake as pee streamed out above her carefully shaven, trimmed and waxed black beard that forked below her sex. Natalie admired it; she would have liked to affect such a style, but her own beard grew a hideous yellowish brown, so she kept it shaved clean.

"Natalie," said Natalie, shaking the hand.

"Oliver," said another voice. Natalie looked up directly at a large, flaccid manhood nestled in a unkempt, curly, light-brown beard hanging directly at eye level. For a second, confused, she stared directly at it, before noticing the hand extended nearby. Blushing slightly, she stood to confront the owner of both, a young man about her age, with a similar beard on his face and light blue eyes. She rather thought she saw Christine grinning at her, and that made her blush deeper.

She shook his hand, too. "Uh, Natalie." Then, quickly remembering her manners, she added, "It's good to know both of you."

"Likewise," said Christine, as she shook herself slightly, stood and pulled the toilet chain. She was definitely grinning as she shook Oliver's hand.

Oliver was asleep, now, in the narrow bed on her right, half-curled around himself. Natalie blushed slightly, in the dark, as she caught herself staring at the place where his penis should be, even though it was completely hidden by shadows. She really should stop doing that; it was rude, and it made her lower lips tingle in an obtrusive and somewhat embarrassing manner. She shook her head and got quietly to her feet. She intended at first to walk the few steps to the toilet against the wall, but she paused. Although she knew it to be unreal, the sensation of being the only person in the world to know about the rain was overpowering. She wanted to feel it on her skin. And, besides, for the first time this year, she didn't really need the toilet.

Despite their closeness, it was a week into the semester before Christine realized how hopeless at it Natalie was out of doors. The two of them were fleeing Professor Seitzworth's class. Known as Bushy behind his back, for the incredibly long and unkempt lower beard he always wore -- it fell halfway to his knees! -- the professor always managed to make his class go over the allotted time, and today the two girls were arguing good-naturedly about who had to pee harder as hurried down the hall toward the toilet in the front entrance to the philosophy building. It was in use.

"Gods, that stench!" a student hurrying away from the entrance said, loudly.

"Oh, I'm sure your own smells of roses," retorted the man sitting on the bowl. "I'll be a while," he added, as he saw Natalie and Christine running up the corridor as fast as they could with their legs pressed together, their rucksacks of books hitting them repeatedly on the buttocks.

Natalie paused, unsure, for a moment, what to do. Christine turned in the doorway. "What are you waiting for?" she demanded of her friend.

"I can't--" Natalie began, but her friend was already out the door.

When Natalie caught up with her, Christine was stood on the dying, brown lawn in front of the building, her legs spread wide, carefully holding the pouches on her cord belt to make completely sure they wouldn't get in the way of the thick stream of urine that was falling down and slightly forward above her forked beard. Her mouth was open in a quiet sigh of relief. Natalie looked on in awe as not a drop landed on her body. Unable to wait any longer, she squatted down beside her friend, her feet and knees as far from her sex as she could get them, her lips as close to the dirt as she could get them. As gently as she could, she let go. The pee sprayed out of her in several untidy streams. Despite her careful position, flying droplets still managed to get all over her legs and even the waxed leather that covered her watch where it hung at her left hip. She tried to stop it, couldn't, gave up and just enjoyed the relief.

"Wow," said Christine, glancing down at her, "that's actually quite impressive, as messes go."

Natalie grinned ruefully. "This is why I avoid doing it out of doors. It makes me feel dirty, more so than I do just because of the dust and sweat. Of course, it won't be a problem when it starts raining."

"No," Christine agreed. She finished, shook two drops off her beard, then took off her backpack and hunted about until she found a small metal canteen. Natalie peed for a few more seconds before standing up and doing her best to shake herself dry. "Here," said Christine, offering the water bottle. "It's warm now. You might as well clean yourself up a bit."

Natalie gratefully accepted the water and poured it over most of her lower body. It helped, a lot. "Thanks. I guess I need to start carrying one of these," she told her friend as she handed back the bottle.

She had never got around to finding a bottle, and now it wouldn't matter for some time. Natalie picked up her sandals, but left her belt with coin-pouch and watch hanging on the bedpost where it was. She wouldn't need it; she'd just step outside for a moment to feel the rain, come back upstairs, and go back to bed. She had classes in the morning after all. She squeezed her thighs together and wondered for a moment if she could wait until she got downstairs, but decided she could.

Natalie stepped barefoot-silently into the narrow aisle between the two rows of beds and walked over to the spiral stairwell protruding through the floor and on up into the ceiling. Up led to the third-floor dormitory. Natalie went down, stopping halfway to put on her sandals for protection against the rough, permeated, metal treads. It suddenly dawned on her that she wouldn't be taking any showers for a while, and she was surprised to realize that the thought was not entirely pleasant.

Oliver had helped her the last time she had a shower, after she'd helped him. The water was icy cold and she gasped as it ran over her body. "Right, let me get the soap," she said, shivering, and Oliver stopped pumping the handle on the back of the shower while she opened her metal soap-container and lathered it over her body and in her hair. The sun had mostly dried her off in the short time this took.

"It's nice to have a good helper," said Christine, who happened to be passing by. She grinned as though she had caught Natalie in an indiscretion, but would keep it to herself. Normally pleasant to be around, Christine could be disconcerting sometimes, and Natalie found her face getting hot without knowing why.

"Yes," she responded, awkwardly, closing the soap in its container again. And to Oliver: "Could you give me some more water?"

Oliver nodded, but it took him several pulls on the pump to find any, and the cold was as shocking as the first time. Though she hadn't realized she had to pee, the shock forced some out of her body. She almost stopped herself before remembering that it surely wouldn't be a problem here, and so the water inside her thighs was slightly less oppressively cold as she hurriedly rinsed off the soap. When she opened her eyes, Christine was still watching her that way. "What's funny?" she asked.

"You know," Christine responded. "You and Oliver."

Natalie picked up her belt and tied it round her waist. "No, I don't know." She was blushing again, for some reason. Probably the heat. "We're showering together. Decidedly normal. Oh, and thank you so much, Oliver."

"No worries," said Oliver, who was sweating from working the pump under the hot sun. He stepped under the shower. "Just pour a little more over my head so I can cool down, right?" She willingly complied.

Of course, now that it was raining, the courtyard of the showers would be left to sit and rust as everyone washed him- or herself naturally. Natalie smiled as she passed through the dark and empty refectory, the long benches hidden under the tables, the only noise the rain and the scuff of her sandals on the ancient, wooden floor. The boards were shrunken and had gaps between them large enough to catch a toe in, but the warm, damp air that came with the rains would soon fix that.

Natalie paused in the tiny mud room to wrestle with the ancient, iron knob on the front door, now squeezing her thighs together to prevent herself leaking on the floor. Finally, it turned with a grinding that sounded too loud for the night-silence, causing her to jump and a drop of pee to begin a slow journey down her left leg. She grabbed her crotch with her right hand and descended the stone steps as quickly as she could, sighing with relief as she reached the muddy dirt path leading to the building and felt the rain falling in fat, warm drops all over her skin. She let go, both with her hand and her sphincter, and, closing her eyes, savoured the feeling of her pee washing away in a warm tide, along with the warm, clean feeling of the rain. It felt good.

"Oh, I'm not bothering you, am I?"

Natalie jumped, spraying pee around herself, and turned to find Oliver watching her. "Uh, no," she managed to say. "I, uh, just came out to feel the rain." She realized she was closely watching the rain dripping off the end of his enlarged manhood, and she quickly refocused her eyes on his face.

The obtrusive tingle in her woman parts was back. This was what her father had been warning her about, in his embarrassedly roundabout way. He and Mother had come with Natalie to Toron City on the train, even though she told them it wasn't necessary, helped her find the university, walked about the campus with her exclaiming at the architecture. She thought Mother especially was delaying as long as possible the moment when she'd have to say goodbye to her daughter for most of a year.

Now they were stood in the hard sunlight beside the cobbled street, Natalie's few belongings in the well-waxed rucksack hanging from her shoulders, the driver of the open, horse-drawn cab waiting to take Mother and Father back to the train station. Mother, having hugged her daughter a last time, had stepped to the side to squat in the parched, brown grass and empty her bladder.

Father looked at Natalie as though he wasn't sure who she was. Then he began talking, choosing his words carefully. "Look, I remember how it is at university. I ... well, all the all the boys will be going about with their flagpoles sticking out straight all the time ..."

"Father ..." Natalie began.

"I know, no long speeches. Look, just ... don't bump into any of them head-on, right?"

"Father!"

"I'm done. Be well. Send us a letter if you have any problems." He collected his wife, who was shaking the last few drops from her beard, and the two of them got in the cab, Mother waving as they drove away.

"It feels good," said Oliver. "The rain, I mean." His hair and beards were wet and darkly plastered to his body, but he said it in an abrupt manner that made Natalie think he might actually have meant something else.

"Yes, well ... " She paused awkwardly. The last of her pee drained gently out of her, and she felt disappointed: the peeing had felt good, and, more importantly, she wished she could go on feeling like she was the only one who knew about the rain. Like it was hers alone. "I'm going back to bed, now," she concluded, brusquely. She pushed past him, their shoulders touching, skin on skin, and felt his eyes following her as she wiped her sandals in the mud room and made her way to the stairwell. The tingle in her female mouth followed her back to bed and distracted her as she tried to sleep.

