Wets Her White Bikini

26th February 2005, 05:29 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

On my last post, Alwayswet was nice enough to reply and tell us about lying around the beach in Tampa. She would casually wet her white bikini in her lounge chair if she needed to pee. Pixie answered that one, wanting to know why someone wetting in a white bikini could go unnoticed. The yellowed crotch should surely stand out.

Well that got me thinking about something else that happened on that same river system, although at a different location. This sighting happened a few years later after I'd gotten my ski boat and started spending most of my days at the local boat ramp. I remember it was in late May because the place was still packed with college kids who always came there in the afternoons to drink and party. College girls are very pretty, love to have a good time and I loved hanging out there.

Besides a large boat ramp, there was a two hundred foot long floating dock for the boats to tie too prior to being reloaded on the trailers. Many women used the dock to sunbath hoping they would meet someone for a boat ride. The beer flowed as I and many others, spent the warm afternoons just hanging out.

I happened to notice two white girls and a very pretty black girl walking down the boat ramp in our direction. The three were all about 30 something years old, older than the others present, but about my age. I recognized one of these women from a few years prior as one of the cities «hotties». I was kind of surprised at the way she had aged. She was blonde, still pretty, but kind of needing to get her muscle tone back. She still attracted attention and of course the three of them were welcome. They placed their towels right in the middle of the group. Having a cooler full of beer and being fun girls, they started sharing their beverages as they attracted even more attention. Oh yes, the blonde was wearing a white bikini. I liked that.

They were maybe thirty feet away and talking to the point that it was hard not to hear their conversation. I think they had already had «a few» before they got there and were talking about some parties they had recently attended. I recalled the blonde from some pretty wild parties that I'd been lucky enough to be at. I tried to remember her name but couldn't. I'll never forget her voice though: very sexy.

Even after an hour, I was still noticing them from behind my sunglasses when the blonde announced; «I have to pee». Now, none of the three had moved since they had arrived and since I was between them and the toilets, located a hundred yards away, I expected a little bit of a show when they walked by me. Women are supposed to go in groups, aren't they? Two minutes later the blond stands up, by herself and leaves her two friends still locked in conversation with some others on the dock, but instead of walking my direction she turns and walks to the very end of an unoccupied part of the dock.

She sits down and I'm guessing plans to pee right there, only just as she hangs her legs over the edge three guys boat up next to her and start talking. Right then I think that her plan is spoiled since they spend the next five minutes talking and laughing like they know her. Finally they leave and about a minute later she gets up to return to her friends. I notice that she does the same thing all girls do when they stand. She reaches around to pull her bikini loose from her butt. I remember thinking that for sure she felt herself as well. Did she pee? I was too far away to tell and really didn't think she had time. I was still expecting her to return and walk in my direction.

She didn't need to any longer. When she returned and even from 30 feet away it was only too obvious that she had peed her bikini. Her bikini was one of the newer fabrics that didn't allow a lot of wicking, so the stain hadn't soaked up over her mound very much. She sat down, but in order to get comfortable, she folded one leg up to her chest with the other straight out in front of her. The result was that anyone wanting to could easily see her yellow stained crotch. She did not care.

Now the odd thing is no one except me even paid her the slightest notice. No comment from among the five or six people present was ever made. Her friends said nothing and the conversation went on just as though she had never left. In a way none of it surprised me and probably they had all seen it numerous times before. The only answer was that it was just «no big deal». I had to leave a while later and never did see her butt. When I left she was still sitting there with a peed bikini that no one could miss.

There is your answer Pixie.

The thing that got my curiosity was that she could not have had enough time to pee after the three guys floated off. She was either peeing as she talked with them, letting it soak through her bikini and between the boards of the dock or she was at least dribbling. The three guys were at eye level to her with a perfect view if they were looking. Very sexy anyway and at least back then could have happened more than we think.

