Cheri Horn, Barista, Chapter 2

12th June 2019, 04:55 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is the second chapter.

Chapter 2

"Oopsie, I hope that went unnoticed", Cheri was thinking about how convenient her Tena panties were becoming now that she'd been wearing them to work the last couple of weeks. She wasn't wearing all the time, but Linda was right about the part where it was 'simply so easy now, to just go'. It hadn't been two minutes that Cheri was standing near the latte machine discreetly spreading her legs and letting a now familiar wetness hiss into her pantie. She turned glancing around at her co-workers and caught only Linda giving her that knowing wink. Linda walked over, lightly patting her on her bottom, whispering, "Don't worry honey, now we're both going to need a change". That started more giggling. A longer spurt rushed through Cheri's pussy lips. She was enjoying the way her swollen muff felt, nicely nestled in a wet Tena. The rest of the shift would go quickly.

Life was fun right now and Cheri really liked her new friend Linda's fun loving spirit and especially her naughty ideas. They shared all their secrets and especially the stories Linda liked sharing about her boyfriend. He must really be a hunk, especially when Linda confided, "John says girls who wet their pants get their pussies licked a lot more often than girls who don't". Now there was a revelation and Cheri thought she mean't it too.

Luckily, our girls had been awarded the coming weekend off, which mean't no work until Monday morning. Cheri was giving Linda a ride back to the apartment as they formulated a weekend trip to the beach. After all, the weather was going to be really nice and it was a holiday on Saturday. They thought they would drive down together and maybe hook up with John and is friends at the town's public beach.

Linda packed a suitcase with swimsuits, a dress, some jeans and underthings as well as cosmetics. She also changed into a cute pair of cut off jeans and a white shirt with long tails. The fact that the cuffs on her jeans were rolled a bit like Daisy Dukes, just accentuated her bottom cheeks especially with the wedge sandals she'd chosen. Cheri used the bathroom to freshen up and change out of her wet Tena, borrowing a pair of regular high cut panties until she could get back to her place. Soon they were ready to leave with Linda announcing in a hushed voice, "I thought for sure that last one was going to leak, but I'm all brand new now."

Cheri just smiled, thinking, "Like, I should've guessed, she's planning to wear a Tena Discreet for the rest of the evening. Oh well, it looks just like regular pantie lines to anyone checking her out, so why not. It also means that she'll probably be wetting in her pants."

The stop at Cheri's was even quicker and then they were on the road to the beach. She didn't change her borrowed beige panties because they were comfortable and trusted herself to maybe keep them dry. Linda was anxious, "Lets hurry and we'll hang out at the Town Pub, at least until the guys show up". Soon they'd claimed two seats near the bar, martini's in hand, primarily just people watching. The evening came and went almost two quickly.

John and his friends were a lot of fun and since they were getting along, made plans for beer volleyball on the beach the next day. Cheri caught Linda later in the evening whispering in John's ear, facing him while he sat on a bar stool, her breasts pressing his shoulder. She was leaning a bit forward, her legs slightly spread giggling like she does, when she's been naughty. It was a good thing that her shorts were quite brief because her Tena Discreet had leaked and her lower crotch area was now pee wet. What a bitch. Carolyn and Jennifer, the new cuties, liked hanging with the two girls and wanted to join the group for the weekend.

After a lazy morning around the hotel everyone loaded their cars for the beach, expecting a warm afternoon in the sun. Linda looked especially cute in a maroon one piece that did everything to accentuate her curves, especially her breasts. An attached satin ruffle, only suggesting a skirt, added to her sexiness and could barely cover her rounded butt. Cheri wasn't planning on advertising anything and had decided to wear her new white bikini, the one with a full bottom, tying in a bow on each hip. They all played volleyball, drank beer and lounged on some folding chairs that they'd brought.

The guys couldn't take their eyes off of Linda as she played around with the now friendly group. Around two in the afternoon, Cheri was lying on a beach towel talking to Carolyn and Jenni, half thinking about the long walk to the dirty beach bathrooms when, she glanced over at her friend. Linda was sitting in a beach chair talking with John. They were a bit inebriated by now, laughing about some remark one of the others had made, but Cheri's attention was immediately drawn to the stream of pee pouring through Linda's chair, soaking the sand. Linda was sitting right in front of everyone just 'going' as if it was nothing. Cheri wasn't surprised at her friend, but wondered if anyone would comment.

She didn't have long to wait. Not two minutes later Linda got up, slipping into her wedge sandals, to walk over to a large cooler for another bottled beer. The others couldn't miss her obviously wet ass, but because of the unwritten rule that beautiful women can do whatever they wish, no comment was made. John's face, though, really lit up when he saw the rounded wet stain on Linda's swimsuit. Cheri realized that her friend was completely oblivious to peeing herself and when she saw Jenni staring at the wet patches covering her puss and surrounding her ass crack, well.

Linda just ignored the looks she was getting and calmly reached between her legs to pull the pissy fabric loose from her crotch. She stood in front of John with her legs slightly spread, handing him one of her beers, before returning to her chair. Cheri thought, "why not" and since no one was paying her any attention especially after her friends little show, instinctively relaxed her bladder. She felt wetness spread throughout her crotch soaking her butt, before wetting her towel and sand. No one noticed as she stretched out using her t-shirt to cover the soppy wet patch on her bikini.

The next hour brought more giggles, more stories and more fun as the group frolicked about in the warm sun. They also kept reaching for more beer from their coolers until Carolyn complained, that she needed to use the restroom up by the snack bar and didn't want to "just pee on the beach" as she put it. "Lets leave the guys to mind our things while we walk over there, besides I need to get a pack of cigarettes".

Cheri waited for Linda to get up first and when she did, no one could miss the fact that she'd recently peed. Her swim suit was nearly dry, but had that yellow tint in all the wrong places. There was no doubt that she'd wet in it. Cheri was hopeful that her own situation wouldn't be as obvious, but she knew from the many times she'd peed at the beach that a white bikini wasn't going to keep much secret. These four ladies were now doing girl talk as they started the long walk to the Snak Shak.

Carolyn couldn't pass an opportunity to comment, "do you guys always just pee your pants". Cheri looked at Linda and they shared a laugh after glancing over at one an others yellowed crotches, "What's a girl to do when she just can't wait".

Linda said it best however, "So, some guys just go a little nuts and most don't really mind when a girl wets her pants. Let's order something when we reach the Snak Shak and you'll just see what I mean.

