Watersucker: The Desperation Prank, Chapter 7

25th April 2014, 04:55 PM

Author: consch

Location: Toronto (Sex: Male) Posts: 23

Chapter 7

When they got to their third period class, most of the desks were taken. The three desks where Stacy, David, and Christine had sat the day before were still available, but David thought it might be a good idea to sit away from the two girls this time. However, before he could find a fourth available desk, Christine had pushed him, playfully but firmly, into the chair he had occupied the previous day. Christine and Stacy then sat down at the desks beside him, and the late bell rang. At that point, David decided it would be better to simply stay where he was than to make a fuss and disrupt the class over something that didn't really matter that much. He just hoped that he didn't get watersuckered a third time in two days.

Once the three of them had gotten everything they needed for the class out of their backpacks, the two girls again moved their desks right up against David's. Then Christine put her left hand into David's underwear and gently caressed his penis with her fingers. «Your underwear's damp,» she said quietly into his ear. «Did you pee a bit into your clothes? I guess you really did have to go. Stacy was right; that powder really hit you hard. Of course, I don't imagine it helped to have the four of us tickling you and making pee sounds. You were really at your limit when you finally made it to the bathroom, weren't you?»

The teacher started talking, and Christine moved her face away from David's ear. She continued, however, to play with his penis with her left hand inside his underwear while she took notes with her right hand. Every so often, Stacy would add her own hand, either by taking a break from her note-taking or by crossing her left hand over her body. It was extremely distracting, but it was also fun, and it was reassuring to know that the two girls had not lost their playfulness. David took what notes he could and hoped that the textbook would be able to fill in any gaps in those notes.

Eventually the lecture ended and Christine removed her hand from David's penis to pack her class materials. Stacy was packing her stuff as well, and David started doing the same. Christine and Stacy left the classroom without glancing back at David, and David decided to give them time to get well away before he himself left the room.

Fourth period was uneventful. David found that he was able to take much better notes in that class than he had in third period.

David sat in the front row of the school bus on the way home. Christine and Stacy did not. By then, though, David had no objections to spending some time away from them.

When he got home, David went to his room, took off his backpack, and took out the envelope Stacy had given him after lunch. He opened it and took out the invitation. It was a fairly typical invitation card that included the date, time, and location of the party, and a number to call if he wished to accept the invitation. There was no mention of any theme for the party. He read the invitation over about six times before putting it and the envelope on his desk and sitting down on his bed.

Should he go to the party? He enjoyed being around Christine and Stacy, and their company would probably be even more fun at a party than at school. But sometimes the twins seemed intent on making David's life difficult, and spending time with people like that seemed like a bad idea.

No, that was a misinterpretation of their objective. Yes, some of David's experiences with the twins had been difficult for David, and yes, the twins had deliberately engineered and prolonged that difficulty, but remembering their facial expressions David found it impossible to think of them as bullies. Watersucker was a game to them. David realized that he actually liked the idea of making a game out of a real-world situation, so long as no one got hurt, and being watersuckered was not exactly painful or damaging. It almost was, but the fact that they picked a situation at the very limit of harmlessness for their game made it that much more exciting. If they had, instead, made a game out of, say, putting necklaces onto people, it would not have had the same thrill because their target would not have cared. The contrast in emotion between the instigator and the victim appealed to David.

In fact, David highly approved of their specific choice of prank. He agreed that it fun to watch people desperately trying not to wet themselves. He didn't particularly enjoy being watersuckered, but neither did the twins. The question was whether David was willing to put up with it, both for the twins' amusement and so that David would have the opportunity to see other people (the twins themselves as well as whatever «new friends» they might make) get watersuckered, and the answer, David realized, was yes. He truly was one of them, and he would go to their party.

He checked with his with parents to make sure it was all right, and then he called Christine and Stacy to let them know.

For the rest of the week, Christine and Stacy smiled and said hi whenever they saw David, and their eyes sparkled more than those of David's other classmates, but other than that the days were like any other school days. Not unpleasant; it was refreshing to have girls smile at him, and being the first week of classes homework was still light; but not particularly notable.

While David and the twins waited at the school for the bus to arrive after classes on Friday, Christine asked David, «Are you still coming to our party?»

«Yes,» David answered.

«Cool!» Christine said. «It'll be a blast, I promise.»

David's mother dropped him off at the twins' house on Saturday five minutes after the party start time on the invitation. She made sure he had his cell phone on him so he could call when he was ready to be picked up. Then David got out of the car, went up to the door, and rang the doorbell.

Christine answered the door. «David!» she said excitedly, smiling widely and giving him a big hug. «Come on in.» David waved good-bye to his mother, who then drove off, and then David followed Christine inside, closing the door behind him.

«David's here!» Christine called out ahead of them.

Stacy came running through a doorway and also excitedly said «David!» and gave David a big hug. Then the two girls led David into the living room.

There were two couches and three armchairs set up around the coffee table, which held a large bowl of tortilla chips, two small bowls of dipping sauces, and a stack of paper cups. The rest of the furniture in the room barely registered in David's mind as Christine and Stacy lead him straight to one of the couches and pushed him down right in the middle. The girls themselves then sat down on either side of David and squeezed up against him as tightly as they could, as though they were trying to make room for five people on a three-person couch, even though there was a second couch available and they were the only three people in the room.

«You're the first one here,» Stacy said to David. She gestured toward the table. «The cups are for later. For now, we've got guacamole that we made, in addition to salsa that we got from a jar.» She took a chip and dipped it in the guacamole. «Here, try some,» she said.

David opened his mouth to tell her that he didn't feel comfortable consuming anything that she offered him, but before he could get a word out Stacy had stuck the dipped chip into David's open mouth. He could have left his mouth open and tried to remove the chip, but that would have been awkward, and he didn't want to spend the entire party fighting with the twins, so ate the chip that was already in his mouth.

Christine picked up another chip, dipped it in the salsa, and said, «Try the salsa too. I know you've had it before, but it's good to refresh your memory so that you can make a good comparison.» David, having just finished the previous chip, opened his mouth again, again had a chip inserted into it, and again decided to go along with his hostesses by eating the chip.

Christine then dipped a chip into the guacamole, and Stacy dipped one into the salsa, and each girl ate her own chip.

The doorbell rang. «I'll get it,» Christine said, getting up from the couch, and left the room. A few seconds later, she called out, «It's Lizzie!» A few seconds after that, Christine and Lizzie, one of the girls from David's bus stop, entered the living room.

«Hey, Lizzie!» Stacy said brightly. «Sit down. Have some chips.» Stacy picked up a chip, dipped it in the guacamole, and ate it.

Christine walked over to the coffee table, helped herself to a salsa-dipped chip, and was about to sit back down when the doorbell rang again. «I'll be right back,» she said, leaving the room again while Lizzie sat down on the second couch. A few seconds later Christine returned to the living room with Jenny, the other girl from David's bus stop. «Help yourself to some chips,» Christine told Jenny as the two of them sat down, Christine again tightly against David, and Jenny on the other couch with Lizzie. Christine and Stacy each ate a chip dipped in one sauce or the other, and David had one as well, deciding that, if the twins were both eating them, they were probably safe. Jenny and Lizzie, apparently coming to the same conclusion, started having some chips themselves.

«We've got four more people coming,» Stacy said. «We put a slightly later start time on their invitations than on yours, so we've got » she looked at her watch  «at least five and probably closer to ten minutes before they start getting here. We're planning to watersucker all four of them at the same time. As long as you don't drink any soda, we encourage those of you who are here now to shout out «Watersucker!' with Christine and me when the time comes, and I'll let you know when that is by making eye contact, nodding, and then counting down the seconds with my fingers. We'll shout the word when I reach zero.»

«I don't think I'll join in,» David said. He didn't want to seem mean.

Stacy shrugged. «It's up to you. But don't warn them. Christine and I have been planning this for several days, and I'd really like it to work. We're keeping the soda cold in the fridge right now. Once everyone's here, I'll bring it into the living room while Christine gives everyone a quick tour of the common areas.»

«This is going to be so much fun!» Christine said.

David started to daydream about what it would be like to watch four people desperately needing to pee but being kept away from the bathroom and teased by four cute, mischievous girls. Would the victims all be female? All male? Or a mixture? David wasn't even sure which he would find most exciting. Girls were more interesting, perhaps, but boys might provide some variety. David wasn't attracted to boys himself, but he enjoyed seeing them interact with girls. A mixture might be best. Three girls and one boy? Or, with all the girls in the room already, might two male and two female victims be more exciting?

The doorbell rang once more, and once more Christine went to answer it. She came back with a boy. It was not someone David knew.

A second later, though, David realized that he had, in fact, seen the new arrival once before. The stranger had been one of the people who had gathered to watch David the last time David had been watersuckered.

One of the four people.

David was pretty sure he knew who the rest of the guests would be, and as they came in, one by one, he found that he was correct. Their victims were the same people who had previously been David's spectators. Two boys and two girls.

They were surprised, of course, that David was still hanging out with Christine, Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie after what they had done to him. When they asked David about it, David told them that he had accepted it as a joke.

Once the final guest had had a few chips, Christine asked everyone to follow her for the quick tour Stacy had mentioned earlier. They all went to the kitchen, and then they left Stacy there while Christine showed the rest of them the dining room, the television room, and the bathroom. «That concludes the tour,» Christine said once they had seen the bathroom. «You can head back to the living room. Stacy will have brought soda there by now.» The four intended victims started to do so, but David, Jenny, and Lizzie lingered for a few seconds and watched Christine reach around the bathroom door to the inside doorknob, push the button to lock it, and then bring her hand back outside and close the door until it clicked. She tried the outside doorknob to make sure it was locked, and then she looked at the three of them and winked. They then all followed the others back to the living room.

Stacy had indeed returned with two soda bottles, one of black soda and the other of clear soda, which she had put on the coffee table next to the cups. Stacy herself was sitting on one of the couches. The four guests whose names David did not know each poured themselves a cup of one soda or the other, and then sat down and began to drink them. David saw Stacy discreetly check her watch, then motion for David to sit next to her, which he did. Christine sat on David's other side, and Jenny and Lizzie also picked spots and sat down. All nine of them then began to help themselves to more chips.

«Let's all introduce ourselves,» Christine said. «I'm Christine.» She looked at David.

«David,» David said.

The others all gave their names. Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie, David already knew. The remaining girls introduced themselves as Diane and Brooke, the remaining boys as Victor and Kent.

They all continued to snack on chips, and the four who were drinking soda would refill their cups whenever they were empty. «I really like the guacamole,» David told Stacy.

«Thanks,» Stacy said.

Before long, the chips and soda were all gone. «We'll be right back,» Stacy said, putting the two small bowls and the empty cups into the large bowl and carrying it out of the room. Christine followed her with the two empty soda bottles. They both returned promptly and sat down where they had been right up against David.

«So you're not upset about being kept away from the bathroom when you really had to pee?» Victor asked David.

David shrugged. «They've done nice things that make up for it. Besides, their enthusiasm is infectious, even when it's directed against me.» He looked around at everyone, and Christine, Stacy, Jenny, and Lizzie were all smiling mischievously. «See?» David asked. «Who could resist those smiles?»

«They actually make me a bit nervous,» Diane said.

«They'll do that,» David said. «Sometimes they'll make you downright terrified. But the terror will fade long before the memory of the smiles does, and when that happens, that memory will warm your soul.»

David felt Stacy's eyes on him. He looked to her staring straight at him. She nodded, then lifted a hand to chest level and extended three fingers. She curled the fingers in one at a time, and just as she curled in the final one, making a fist, she, Christine, Jenny, and Lizzie all shouted out, «Watersucker!»

The word had barely left their lips when Victor, Diane, Brooke, and Kent all sudden grabbed their crotches tightly. Stacy, Christine, Jenny, and Lizzie started laughing triumpantly.

«You did it to us?» Diane asked incredulously.

«You're partying with us,» Stacy said, still laughing with the others. «You're fair game.»

The four victims all got up and briskly walked out of the living room, still holding themselves tightly. The four laughing girls and David followed them as they made their way to the bathroom that had been presented during the tour. When they reached it, one of the four desperate students knocked on the closed door, and when no one answered, all four of them tried the doorknob, but it wouldn't turn.

«I locked the door right after the tour,» Christine told them. «You're not getting out of this that easily.» Led by Christine, the four still-laughing girls formed a semicircle around the group trying to get into the bathroom.

Brooke took a pin out of her hair and stuck it into the hole in the doorknob with one hand while squeezing her vulva tightly with the other. Stacy untucked Brooke's shirt from her pants and started tickling the exposed sides of Brooke's waist. «Do you have to pee, Brooke?» Stacy asked teasingly. «That powder we put in the soda hit you really hard, didn't it? You have to pee badly, but you're locked out of the bathroom and being tickled while you try to get the door open. Will you open it in time? Before the pee starts flowing uncontrollably out of your pussy and into your jeans?»

Christine started tickling Kent, and then Jenny and Lizzie started tickling Victor and Diane. Christine, still laughing with the others, said, «Wow, we got you so good. You all look so cute frantically squeezing your dicks and pussies, trying so hard not to piss yourselves before Brooke gets the door open.»

«Stop tickling me!» yelled Kent. «I really, really have to pee. Come on, Brooke, hurry up.»

«I'm going as fast as I can!» said Brooke. «I have to pee too.» To Stacy, she said, «Stop tickling me. And stop laughing. This isn't funny; I really, really have to pee!»

The four students who needed to pee were starting to dance around, tensing their thighs, crossing and uncrossing their legs, bobbing up and down, repeatedly squeezing and releasing their penises and vulvas with their hands, and panting. It was quite a sight. The four laughing girls continued to tickle them on exposed skin between raised shirt and pants, and also reached under shirts to tickle armpits, tickled exposed necks, and tickled thighs and bums through pants. Brooke was still trying to unlock the door, but she was also trying to get away from Stacy's fingers and trying not to wet her jeans, and she was having difficulty doing all three things at once.

«It looks like it's getting worse,» Christine teased. «It looks like we're about to see four cute, embarrassing pee accidents. What's the matter, Kent? Do you feel like your squeezing isn't going to be enough to keep the pee from hissing out through your dick into clothes while you stand here desperately hoping for Brooke to hurry up?» She pressed on his bladder briefly, making him gasp.

«This isn't funny!» yelled Kent.

«What are you talking about?» Christine asked. «It's hilarious! Watching you all drink soda that we've spiked with our special powder, and then watching you all have to pee really bad, really suddenly, all at the same time, and then watching you run to the bathroom and find it locked, and now watching you frantically try to get the door open while you do four desperate pee pee dances out here in the hallway and we tickle you  It's just so perfect.»

«Pssss...» Stacy started, and the other girls who had been laughing joined in while the four people they were tickling continued to pee pee dance wildly.

Brooke finally managed to unlock the door. David heard it pop, and then Brooke turned the doorknob and opened the door. The four people who needed to pee all tried to get into the bathroom at the same time. The door wasn't wide enough for all four of them, but after a fair bit of pushing and shoving and trying to pull each other out of the way, all four of them made it into the room. The four remaining girls followed them in and resumed laughing, and David decided he might as well go in with them, since everyone else was already in there.

Brooke, having been the one to open the door, was the first to make it to the toilet. As she started to undo her pants, Diane pushed her out of the way and then started to undo her own pants. Brooke finished undoing her pants, pushed Diane out of the way, pulled her own pants and underwear down to her knees, sat on the toilet, and started peeing. She exhaled loudly.

«Oh my god, that feels so much better,» Brooke said.

«Just hurry up!» Diane said urgently, still dancing and holding her vulva with her pants halfway undone. «I have to pee too!»

«So do I!» said Kent, crossing his legs and squeezing his penis frantically.

«Me too!» said Victor, doing the same.

Brooke started to laugh quietly. «You actually do look cute when you badly have to pee and the toilet isn't available. I'm enjoying watching you dance around while I get to pee in the toilet. It feels really good to finally pee, but it feels even better to do it while watching people who still aren't able to, even though they're almost wetting themselves.»

«I can't wait any longer,» Diane said. «I'm going in the bathtub.» She walked over to the bathtub, finished undoing her pants, pulled them and her underwear down to her knees, squatted over the rim, and started peeing. Kent and Victor also walked over to the bathtub, took out their penises, and started peeing into it.

«And now you have to expose yourselves to us,» Stacy said, still laughing. «How embarrassing for you!» The three peeing into the bathtub did indeed appear to be embarrassed, and even Brooke now seemed a bit embarrassed. David took a mental snapshot, then headed back to the living room and sat on one of the couches

A minute or so later, Brooke joined him in the living room, sitting in one of the armchairs. «That was intense,» she said breathlessly.

«No kidding,» said David.

«You didn't have to go through it. Not today, anyway.»

«No, but I still found it intense.»

Brooke smiled. «Just watching, you mean. It was a pretty good show, which I realized as soon as I was on the toilet. But ... man, like ... Do Stacy and Christine do this to everyone?»

«They've done it to everyone here. I don't know if they've done it to anyone else. I think, before this week, they only ever did it to each other.»

«But now they're doing it to people they've just met?»

Now it was David's turn to smile. «I'm sure you remember how you met them.»

Brooke smiled again. «Ah. That makes sense. So it was a trap all along.»

«You shouldn't think of it that way. They describe it as «making new friends', and, while it might be an unusual type of friendship, it is still friendship. They like you. They like me. They like each other. They just happen to like playing games that are a little bit ... intense. Sometimes you'll be the target. Sometimes you won't. But, if you want to play, you have to play both ways. I might have been the one watersuckered at this party, and I knew this, but I still came, and I'm glad I did.»

At that point the others came back into the living room, sat on the couches and armchairs, and began to talk about what had happened.

