Helen 2 - In the Garden

25th November 2005, 01:31 PM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

HELEN - IN THE GARDEN

Helen was busy working in the garden. In her bladder she could already feel the pressure growing and she realized that she needed a pee. Quickly looking back at the kitchen window, Helen could see no sign of her mother. Knowing the coast was clear, she quickly put down her tools and hurried over to the garden shed. Rather than going inside Helen instead crept round the side of the rickety old building and made her way round to the back. There was just enough room for her to get into the small hole left by the surrounding foliage. Once inside Helen wasted no time by removing her white cotton knickers and lifted up her skirt whilst she squatted over the ground. After several tense seconds of straining Helen suddenly started to pee.

From between her legs where her black triangular pussy was located between her thighs, shot a thick copious squirt of bright yellow pee as Helen started to urinate over the brown soil below. From under her skirt rose the gentle hiss and patter associated with a girl having a pee over the ground. As Helen continued to squat over the soil, the bright yellow stream leaving her pussy continuing to spray over the ground below her legs forming a small damp puddle which continued to grow as Helen kept squirting out her pee..

She could feel the warmth of her urine stream as it squirted out of her muff and shot past her thighs and she could feel the relief grow in her bladder as she continued to empty herself over the soil. After peeing for several more seconds, Helen suddenly forced herself to stop. As the golden spray vanished from out of her pussy lips, Helen stared intently through the bushes a tight knot forming at the thought of discovery as through the leaves she suddenly saw her mum coming into the garden.

It was just possible that her mum might be able to see Helen in her squatting position at the back of the shed. If she saw Helen's naked bum hovering over the ground through the thick foliage then she would instantly know what her little girl had been doing at the back of the shed. Quickly, without trying to make a sound Helen stood up in the cramped corner and moved closer the shed wall, in turn moving out of sight. Now she was hidden safely but she was still bursting to pee again.

Between her legs, the damp puddle of piss over the ground seemed to make the urge in her bladder even stronger. Knowing there was no other choice Helen grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it up to her waist. Below her midriff the black triangle of pussy hairs between her legs was clearly visible now, barely inches away from the shed. Carefully squeezing as gently as she could, allowing her pee to sweep down her body to her pussy lips before she started to relive herself over the shed wall.

From out of her pussy squirted a gentle flowing stream of golden yellow pee which impacted in a running spray over the shed wall. This was just like being a boy she thought watching herself pee over the shed. Her golden stream issued out of her crotch and splashed gently over the shed's wooden wall where it trickled down the surface to make a second growing puddle of piss at Helen's feet. Peeing over the shed like this was a lot harder than simply squatting in the bushes and pissing over the ground. It took a lot of concentration of forcing her piss out in a strong enough stream so that she peed over the shed wall instead of herself. Even so, Helen found that she was still pissing over her legs as well. Down her left leg a warm trickle of pee was slowly making it's way down to her shoe whilst out of her slits her main stream of pee was still gushing out to spray over the shed.

Still pissing her golden load over the shed wall, Helen quickly took a glance round the shed corner. Her mum had vanished again. Slowly Helen stopped her pee, waiting until her golden spray had completely vanished from sight before stepping away from the shed wall which was now covered with a long telltale stain of damp piss. Rather than trying to squat back down and finish her leak over her first puddle, Helen quickly turned around and grabbed her knickers. Just before leaving her spot at the back of the shed, she quickly raised her skirt up again to expose her pussy and then started to do a quick squirt of piss over a large leaf in the bushes. Her yellow spray squirted out of her cunt and decorated the leaf in a torrent of yellow piss for several seconds before she closed her pee hole.

After almost being discovered peeing in the garden Helen decided that she would make her way up into the loft to finish off her toilet. Once there, she quickly uncovered her favorite perch above an old bath tub and immediately squatted her naked buttocks over its top. Within seconds Helen was finishing her wee; a loud hissing sound coming from between her legs as she urinated into the tub. Her golden spray shot out of her black hared muff and impacted against the ceramic side where it rained down to join the similar stain over the tub's bottom where she had relieved herself many times before. As she finished her last squirt of hot pee into the tub, Helen stood up and used an old curtain to dry her pussy and the stain over her leg before dressing again. Now fully relieved Helen proceeded down the stairs and into the garden to continue working.

