The Dare... Mission accomplished...

20th August 2009, 07:17 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Annika was the cutest and most innocent looking young girl you could see. But that appearance was totally deceptive... She was puckish, naughty and daring. She had almost no inhibitions. I'm telling you this so that you'll know what kind of girl she was before I tell you the story, which I'm now going to tell you...

It was a late night... After a night out at the pub the four young ladies sat on the floor at Eva's dining room. They were Eva, Lena, Brita and Annika and they were drunk to a point that wasn't really ladylike... And they were also very, very merry! So they decided to play Truth or Dare. It was all very funny but I'll confine myself to only tell you about Annika's Dare. Yes, naturally she'd chosen Dare, otherwise it wouldn't have been Annika!

And the Dare, which Lena had thought out and, giggling to the point that she made a little wee-wee in her panties, informed Annika of, was:

"Tomorrow you will go to the Town Park with a camera. And there you'll approach sexy looking girls of, let's say, between 18 and 25 years of age and inform them that you're from a film company and are searching for a girl to take part in a film. And you'll tell the girl that it is a serious film but that some scenes will be somewhat risqu. Then you must persuade the girl to let you take pictures of her. The final goal is to take pics of her her flashing and finally peeing herself. How you manage to succeed is up to you... But I can help you by printing a business card with the name of a film company at my job."

And very content with her ingenuity she started to giggle again... This time with the result that she totally wetted her panties and soon was sitting in a puddle of pee! The other girls weren't late to follow her example!

The next day the four girls met at the Town Park. Lena handed over to Annika a packet of business cards, which showed that she represented Seven Hearts Film Company.

Annika walked about in her search for a suitable girl. The other girls followed her at some distance off...

Annika thought that she had to find a girl that was alone and where there were not many people in close vicinity. The first three girls that she approached just shook their heads. But then she caught sight of a cute girl ahead of her. She wasn't tall but she was very well-shaped, her breasts were firm and pretty big, her hair was long, blond and curly. She had a close-fitting, blue skirt and a thin, purple blouse. her shoes were blue with moderately high heels. Before Annika had come up to her, the girl sat down on a park bench. Annika went and sat down beside her. She started:

"I'm Annika Gren from Seven Hearts Film Company and we are looking for a young and good-looking woman for a film. You're very cute and I noticed that you moved very nicely when you walked and when you sat down! Would you mind if I took some pictures of you and told you about the film? Here is my business card!

The girl told that her name was Jonna and that she didn't mind at all. Annika noticed that Jonna was clearly very flattered! Annika gave her a summary of the fake film story and told her that some scenes were somewhat risqu. She asked if that was ok with her and said that it was a serious film. The part for which they were looking for a young woman wasn't one of the leading parts but it was pretty big and very important. And that it was essential that it was someone that people hadn't seen before...

Jonna answered that it was ok with her if the film was serious. Annika stood up and started to take pics. Jonna sat with her legs crossed and when Annika crouched down she noticed with a thrill of excitement that Jonna wore nylon stockings showing a bit of pale skin above the tops!

After a while she stopped photographing and suggested that they would go to a nearby restaurant and talk some more about the film.

"It's a warm day so I'll have a pint of beer", said Annika. "What about you?"

Jonna said that beer would be fine for her too. Annika began to tell more about the "film". She was very inventive and imaginative and Jonna followed her words with great interest. Annika ordered more beer and this time together with shots of whisky. And bit by bit she set out more details about Jonna's part in the film. She told that the part involved some naughty flashing and that it was essential that Jonna could give an image of a very sexy girl... Jonna didn't object! Finally Annika suggested that they would take more pics in the park. She said that the pics were needed for the people in charge to decide if they would call Jonna to an audition. And therefore it would be very important that Jonna let go of her inhibitions... Jonna nodded...

They found a secluded spot of the park. Annika instructed Jonna to sit at a bench and pull upp her skirt a bit. So she did and thereby showed her long legs up above the nylon stockings, showing the garters running up her thighs. Annika made her take new poses and felt more and more aroused! Jonna's panties were thin and showed her pussy hair under them. When Annika squatted to take pics from new angels, she pulled up her own skirt and noticed that Jonna stared with great interest between her legs...

Annika asked Jonna to stand up and pull up her skirt to her hips. She did so but she was so unsteady on her feet that she almost fell! At this point Annika felt that she really needed to pee after all beer. And decided that it was time to bring up the pee part in the film. She explained for Jonna that she in a scene in the film would pee her panties. Jonna giggled:

"I'm almost peeing myself now!" And she crossed her thighs about one of her hands!

"Terrific!" Yelled Annika! "Do you think you can do a pee dance too! Good! And now I want you to suddenly stop the pee dance, part your legs and pee your panties! Are you up to do so? And... wait... Can you start to pee, then stop when I say and then pee again...? I'll show how I mean!"

Annika stood up with crossed legs and put one hand in between her thighs and pressed in her skirt against her pussy. Then she started to dance around with small steps. After a short while she parted her legs and between them Jonna saw a stream of pee running all along her legs! Annika quickly pulled up her skirt showing how she peed her panties! And the she stopped peeing abruptly... and started again! and so she stopped and said to Jonna:

"Ok! If you don't mind peeing yourself, it's your turn now!"

Jonna was already pee dancing and now she stopped and parted her legs. Not aware of what she was doing, Annika put a hand on her wet panties over her pussy and began to rub! With the other hand she held the camera and took pic after pic! Jonna pulled up her skirt and Annika sighed! Torrents of pee flooded through Jonna's panties and made them totally see-through!

"Stop!" Annika instructed. "Now, start to caress your pussy outside your panties! Like I do!"

And in the public Town Park the two girls stood, facing each other, and masturbated on their soaked panties! They were shielded by some bushes but not better than that Eva, Lena and Brita had a great view over them. The three girls were panting heavily while they with raised skirts were eagerly caressing their pussys!

"And now pee again and keep on rubbing your pussy! Follow my lead!"

Annika and Jonna opened their sluices again and pee streamed between their fingers and splattered on the ground! They moaned out loud and suddenly Jonna lost her balance and sat down on the grass! Annika followed her example... With their long, nylon clad legs spread widely they sat peeing their panties, digging deep into their pussys, caressing their clits and finally letting out muffled screams when convulsing orgasms hit their bodies!

And from a nearby hillock likewise muffled noises were heard from three orgasming and wetting girls!

Afterwards it so happened that Annika and Jonna went home to Jonna, wetting their panties a couple of times on the way... At one occasion a couple of young women caught sight of them, which made Annika and Jonna to giggle vehemently, when they stood with raised skirts on unsteady feet wetting themselves! After a night of much love making Annika left telling Jonna that she would be in touch...

Story by Yvette

