Sisters of Iesalia: Chapter Five

30th March 2012, 11:28 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

This chapter is a bit long. Sorry about that. --Gorcq

###

Thus far in this story:

Chapter One

: In which some exploration is made of the Temple to Iesalia on the Hesen River, its function and its history, and some introduction to its Inhabitants, their offices, their lives and their Recreations.

Chapter Two

: In which one Sister introduces another to a Mystery, and the latter is Suitably Impressed.

Chapter Three

: In which an Interruption is not entirely Unpleasant, and a Sister attempts the Practice of a new Skill.

Interlude

: The Book of Iesalia, Chapter 18

Chapter Four

: In which an Unusual Event is Witnessed by one who very much prefers the Usual.

Interlude

: Observations of the Affairs of Gods

Now:

Chapter Five: In which a Sister is probably Denying the Will of the Mistress, but there are Mitigating Circumstances.

"Keala!" The voice was familiar, and joyful. For a moment, Keala was not sure where she was, or why she was sleeping on straw and flagstones instead of her cot; and when she remembered, she wished she had not.

Earlier: Head Sister Wintharopa orders Keala and Jamil confined to an unused storage building, night-dark now, tied to opposite corners to prevent them having any contact beyond speech. "Your garment," she says, holding out a hand. When Keala hesitates, she adds, "The simplicity of the cloth reflects the purity of the Sister." Blushing, Keala awkwardly pulls the garment over her head with her bound hands.

Earlier: Sunrise is still shading the walls red as the Head Sister grudgingly unlocks padlock holding the door shut to allow Sister Omily to bring in a bottle of water. She touches Keala's shoulder reassuringly, but, with a glance at the forbidding figure standing impatiently in the doorway, says nothing before withdrawing.

Earlier: Sisters pass by in twos and threes, to stare through the building's single window, originally meant for ventilation. "Can you believe it?" they ask each other, as though Keala were not a few feet away, listening to them retelling the story with increasing exaggeration. She never bothers correcting them, even when Sister Astasia explains, with great authority, how Keala repeatedly smuggled "her lover" onto temple grounds in one of the sacks of potatoes she was supposed to peel in the kitchen; or when Sister Esteria insists that she "always knew that one would go wrong," ever since she once caught Keala, alone in her cell, reading a book of poetry; or when Sister Fage insists that she can already see Keala's pubic hairs falling out, a sure sign that Keala will no longer be capable of making love properly. Jamil does not even look up.

Earlier: During a lull in the stream of "visitors," Keala, after having put it off as long as she can, moves as far away from her corner as she can get along the wall, squats, and pees a large puddle on the floor.

"I'm so sorry, Keala." She looks around, still peeing. It's the first thing Jamil has said all day.

It takes Keala a moment to realize what he means. "Gods, Jamil, it's not your fault. I ... you were walking and I called you back. If it wasn't for me, none of this would have happened. I destroyed my life, and possibly yours, too. All you did was to make me feel better than I've ever done while I was doing it."

"No, but I wanted to do it. I could have left anyway, pushed you off if I had to. I should have. I'm sorry."

There is a pause. Keala crawls back to her corner. "I don't blame you, Jamil. I'd do it again, even if I knew what would happen."

"You would?"

"Yes! No. I don't know." She sighs, and lies down on the thinly layered straw, and tries to sleep, though she is sure she can't.

Now, she sat up and glanced confusedly around. It must be the middle of the night. Head Sister Wintharopa, carrying a candle and wearing a tired and slightly aggrieved expression, was standing over her as a smiling Sister Omily knelt beside her. Keala had to pee again, but she forgot about it as Omily began untying the knot about Keala's wrists. "It's all right," Omily continued. "Head Sister's had a vision, and the Mistress knows it's not your fault!"

"You will naturally perform some minor penance for your stupidity," Wintharopa said, briskly, "but the Mistress does seem extraordinarily eager that you should stay with the temple and be unharmed. I thought that Sister Omily was merely being sentimental when she insisted that this would be the case -- I still think her arguments were based more on wishful thinking than anything else -- but Iesalia was most specific. You must have done something to attract her notice."

"I -- I don't think so ..." said Keala, a bit disoriented. Omily was now working on the knot around her left ankle, and, with her hands now free, Keala rubbed her right hip, the side she had been lying on. She thought she might have a bruise there, but she could not see one in the inconstant candle light.

"Well, we shall consider the situation in the morning. Omily, if your Sister requires help back to her cell, you will, of course, aid her." The Head Sister was already walking back toward the dormitories, taking the candle with her, leaving the room lit only by a shaft of moonlight through the window. "And lock this door on the way out. We wouldn't want this one getting away before tomorrow afternoon."

"What does that mean?" Keala asked. They followed the Head Sister out of the makeshift prison, but she was gone, so Omily answered for her:

"Iesalia wants him drowned because he raped you!" Omily closed the door behind them. "I knew She'd understand, after what Her father --"

"But, if anything, I -- wait! Don't lock that!" This last as Omily pulled the chain with the open padlock on it back through the door handle. She paused, nonplussed.

As quickly as possible, Keala told her Sister her own version of the previous night's events, concluding: "It's not his fault. He was just going to walk away."

"Why did you call him back?"

"I don't know. I shouldn't have. His ... thing, it just fascinated me. But, we have to let him go!" Omily sighed, and, reluctantly, agreed.

It was far less difficult to convince Jamil. Assured that Keala wouldn't be punished for his escape, he was soon bidding goodbye to the two Sisters at the upstream border of the moonlit temple gardens -- Keala kissing him repeatedly and Omily, not sure how far she could go without breaking her own vows, just giving him a worried look. But, she managed a bit of a smile as she saw him set off up the Hesen, bare feet on dew-wet grass.

Keala was thoughtful, though. "We'll have to tell Head Sister that I distracted you and made you leave the door unlocked," she said. "You heard her -- unless the Mistress changes her mind, she can't do much to me."

Omily grinned. "And how did you distract me?"

"This usually works." Keala reached under her Sister's garment and touched her in a manner that made Omily gasp slightly. Keala giggled at the prompt response. "We'll say I hadn't done it all day and -- well, she did say for you to help me out."

"So she did." Omily undid her belt and let it drop before pulling her garment over her head. Now as naked as her Sister (who had all but forgotten her nudity in her worry about Jamil's unjustified execution), she lay down on the grass, and Keala knelt between her legs. At first, she teased Omily, running her hands over her belly and hips, just missing, several times, the slit with its protruding, erect button that gleamed wetly in the moonlight. Omily moaned each time this occurred, thrusting her hips upward in an unconscious (and fruitless) attempt to trick her Sister into touching her a little lower, her own hands rubbing her soft breasts and hard nipples.

Presently, Keala lowered her head, incidentally raising her bottom in the air, and kissed her Sister's hairy crotch, once to the left of the lips, once to the right, and again on the lips, this time thrusting her tongue inside. Omily, excited beyond measure by the teasing, cried out, "Oh gods, yes! like that!"

And a hand touched Keala's right buttock. Breaking off her kiss, she craned her neck around to see Jamil kneeling right behind her, his fully-engorged organ inches from her already-dripping sex, his face a question. For an instant, Keala thought of yelling at him, of asking why he wasn't already a mile away, but at the sight of that hard rod she found that she couldn't. Later, she thought, and grinned at Jamil before replacing her tongue in her Sister's sex. Omily moaned again, and felt the vibrations of Keala's similar moan as Jamil pressed himself into Keala as deeply as he could go. Keala continued to lick, up and down now, as he rested there for a moment, savouring the warm, wet tightness about him; she felt him against her bladder, reminding her that she had to pee as he tried to squeeze it out. She liked the feeling, and clamped down tight to hold it in. Then he withdrew and pressed home again, with much the same effect.

Omily felt the air on her sex as Keala gasped with pleasure, and cried out, "O! do that again!" She was not disappointed. She opened her eyes, intending to see what her Sister was doing and beg her not to stop, and saw Jamil looming over both of them as he reamed Keala from behind. "You!" she gasped. "What -- OOOOH! -- what are you --?" She gasped again, and then gave up her attempt at speaking, as Keala sucked forcefully on her erect love-button.

Jamil and Keala barely noticed the aborted question, being rather absorbed. What with Jamil's belly repeatedly pressing her buttocks and Omily's crotch doing the same against her mouth, Keala felt warmly surrounded even as her entire body vibrated with pleasure. This went on and on, as both her own pleasure and the cries of her two lovers augmented almost beyond endurance. Dribbles of pee were now escaping her bladder whether she liked it or not, running down both her legs and Jamil's.

Then Omily thrust both hands over her mouth, stifling what would otherwise have been a scream loud enough to reach the main Temple building, and pressed her sex hard into Keala's face, filling her mouth with pee. At almost the same time, Jamil moaned louder than before, his organ jerking inside her and spraying her insides with one spurt after another of hot, sticky liquid. This double-ended stimulation was too much for Keala. She let out a gurgling cry as her mind filled with pleasure to the exclusion of all else, her sex gripped Jamil's as though it would break it off, and the rest of her urine sprayed out over his lower body. Then she collapsed on top of Omily and Jamil over her back. They lay in this manner for some minutes.

When Keala came fully to herself, her first was for Jamil, whose rapidly shrinking organ was still thrust between her lower lips. "Gods, Jamil," she said, pulling herself out from between her two lovers, "Why did you come back? I mean, I'm glad you came back, but -- we could've been caught again."

"I know, but I couldn't leave without saying good-bye properly." He hugged her tightly. "Good-bye."

"Good-bye." She kissed him.

And Omily, though taking care that her genitalia should stay as far from his as possible, also kissed Jamil good-bye. As the two Sisters watched him walk away, for good this time, Keala teased her about this -- but only a little.

"Well, if he made you scream so loudly, he can't be all bad," Omily explained. "Now, come on. If you want to convince Head Sister you and I were alone together when he walked off, you need a bath." She ran her finger along the inside of her Sister's right leg and it came away covered with an unfamiliar fluid that gleamed whitely in the moonlight. "I've never seen this come out of a woman before." She smiled in a manner that suggested that bath-time can be fun.

