A Story For Kaele1gh - part 4

8th June 2010, 11:22 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

Only three days into the trip and I felt like I'd known Kaele1gh for most of my life. From the moment we met, I was impressed with her warmth and outgoing personality, her calmness in almost any situation (remembering how she handled our encounter with the lions yesterday) and most definitely how comfortable she was with her own body.

Now, I had developed feelings for her, or rather, I just recognized admitting them. And, it was complicating things. For one, I hadn't gotten much rest last night. I'd tossed and turned for a long time before finally getting to sleep and morning came much too early.

Not only had I woke up with a raging erection, I had one for most of the night. Whenever I started to nod off, I would have dreams, and those dreams involved Kaele1gh.

It was her suggestion that we hike in to a waterfall this morning. The walk gave her time to talk more about her program and the empowerment it brought to people and she explained how important my video project would be to her sponsors as well as to the very success of her own work. When she finished, I realized I had a responsibility to do the best job I possibly could, not only for my television client, but also for this wonderful woman, who had stirred up feelings in me I'd long forgotten.

Changing the conversation back to another favorite topic, she went on, «You know, when you asked yesterday if peeing did anything for me, I'm afraid I gave you a less than a, er, full answer. Maybe I wasn't sure how you'd take it. Yes, a part of it is the great sense of relief after experiencing all the pressure. But, it's really a lot more than that. For me, holding in a full bladder creates a wonderful sensation down in my privates, and can really get me all tingly there. And, when I finally release, it can be as good as an orgasm, sometimes better. So, yes, there is something erotic about it»

We continued our walk towards the falls. It was another fine sunny day, warm, maybe not as hot as yesterday, or just that we didn't notice it as much being in the forest.

«I brought you here today because this is one of my favorite places, and it's someplace that really should be included to tell the true story of South Africa. It's really beautiful and, aside from the roar of the falls, very quiet. Besides, running water has a certain effect on me».

«Oh, you mean there might be more than one waterfall sighting today?» I shot a quick look back at Kaele1gh, letting her know I was beginning to understand her. She couldn't hide the wicked sparkle in her eye that meant she was up for fun.

We first heard the falls before we saw them, the unmistakable sound of swiftly moving water on rocks that suggested a powerful, primal force was close at hand. Another two minutes walk brought them into view, a spectacular sight that caught me short of breath.

Even though Kaele1gh had been here several times before, she, too, was moved.

As we approached the pool below the falls, the trail continued along the side of the water, and maybe thirty or so feet above it. We followed it until I saw a narrow path descending to the pool, then took that to the rocks below. There was a rocky beach a hundred or so yards long that afforded a near picture-perfect view of the waterfall.

I pulled the video camera out of my backpack, set it on one of the larger rocks. Kaele1gh pointed out some of the features of the falls, and I zoomed in on the details, then pulled back for a wide panorama of the scene. After a good ten minutes I was satisfied with my results and packed the gear away.

There were a couple trees that had blown over onto the beach. One was a perfect size for us to sit on, with our legs dangling above the stones below. We set our packs down on the log, took out a couple water bottles, then removed our shoes, shirts and shorts, and sat down together.

I put an arm around Kaele1gh and pulled her a little closer into me. Our eyes met as I spoke «You know, I'm having a wonderful time here. Did I thank you for being such a terrific host?»

We had been sitting on the log for who knows how long, deep in conversation. Between the water we'd consumed and the background roar of the falls, something was slowly having its way. when Kaele1gh announced, « Ooh, I need to pee. Do you mind if I have some fun? I feel like trickling.»

She paused, «Have you ever tried it?»

I shook my head. «Trickle,» I asked?

She explained. «Oh, you don't know how erotic it can be if the pee is allowed to slowly trickle out over my clit and my outer lips, warm, wet and slightly tickling, and if I do it right, how it lasts so much longer that way. In fact, if I've been drinking a lot, I can keep going for a real long time. And, this is as good a place as any, as falling water helps me trickle a lot longer.»

Then, turning to me, «Aren't you full again»?

«Well, not bursting but kind of,» I replied.

«Then why not do it? Just concentrate on not letting go with full force. Keep half control over your bladder and allow only little trickles out. Then, tell me how it feels.»...

«Now, just watch what I do.»

She pulled her panties to the side, and gave me another look at her pussy. And I couldn't help but stare at her gorgeous swollen lips and trimmed, but still wild, red hair. Once again, she was putting on a show for me. At first nothing came out, then a few drops, followed by a thin stream, then more drops.

Then I began. I tried to match her, but could tell she had practiced this because she had much better control than I.

While I don't think I held out for three minutes, she continued for almost another ten, sometimes in spurts and sometimes just a drop or two at a time.

I could see, too, that she enjoyed this. She brought her right hand down to her clit and lightly brushed it, slowly moving her fingers in a small circle. Her breathing became irregular, her face flushed and as she emptied her last spurts, she gasped, «OohahoohohOH MY GAWD.»

A minute later, when she had recovered most of her breath, she asked, «was that as good for you as it was for me»?

We left the falls and continued driving down the road, heading towards the coast.

We were still talking about the experience at the falls. It was maybe ten minutes into the conversation, when her tone got a little more serious.

«Glad, I pride myself with being direct and honest in all my communication. I need to tell you I've been rather horny almost the entire past three days. But, I'm not yet ready to act on those feelings. There's a large part of me that would really love to have you inside. I think I've been feeling some of that probably from the moment we left the airport parking lot. You looked over at me and I could see you sizing me up and how the upturned corners of your mouth betrayed your trying to appear so, well, professional. It was kind of cute, actually. You know, if I wasn't attracted to you, I'd never have peed so openly around you, certainly not on the first day.»

And, I thought it had been just me in my tent with a tent in my shorts. I held in a breath. A lot of information had just been shared. I exhaled. This amazing woman, who finds something sexual about peeing and actually uses it as foreplay, now just confided she wanted to jump my bones. Even here in the bush, she wasn't one to beat around the bush.

We found a nice deserted section of beach and pulled the landy over in a clearing off to the side of the road. I got out the cooler with our lunches and drinks.

After our experience at the falls and especially since our conversation on the ride down, we were both feeling more than a little horny. There was now a definite sexual tension that changed everything. We had both felt it since the first day, but since it hadn't been expressed, it was distant and we had been able to just be in the moment and let it go. Now, it was out in the open and every move we made was part of a bigger plan.

We walked deeper into the dunes where we could no longer hear the traffic from the highway, yet still far enough from the water that the crash of the waves was still faint.

Kaele1gh set down the blanket she'd brought along, and together we spread it out on the sand. Sitting down, we took off our shoes and shirts and started in on our lunch. Hungry and thirsty, we ate and drank, sharing few words until we were, for the moment, sated.

I lay down on the blanket and Kaele1gh got down along side me, resting her head on my shoulder. I took my left hand brought the other hand across to her right breast and lightly caressed it through the silky fabric of her bra. It felt wonderful, soft yet firm and full. Then I brought my face over to hers and leaned in to kiss her lightly, but full on the lips. (The other ones!) She kissed back, first slowly, gently, and then gradually building in intensity while pushing her hands into my thighs. Then she took her tongue and slipped it into my mouth, first darting and exploring, then an instant later pushed it hard into the back of my mouth. Just as suddenly she shook, pushed herself back, and murmured «maybe next time.»

She talked again about her feelings, how she had been hurt before and wasn't quite ready to open herself up. «Remember yesterday, when you were stroking me and I almost came. I pushed your fingers away because I wasn't yet ready to go there. Oh, I definitely want you, but I'm nervous in case you don't feel the same. I know I'm so strong and brave about almost everything, but inside there's a little girl who is still scared of being hurt and rejected. I find it easy to share about my work, because I am so passionate about it, especially the good it brings to others, how I feel I'm making a difference in their lives.» Pausing as if to catch another breath, she added « And I can have this great pee play with you even though I'm just not ready to let my guard down and go all the way, even though it I want you so much it hurts.»

«Kaele1gh, I don't wish to push things any faster either, maybe because I've been hurt, too, but also, more importantly, because I don't want to hurt someone I care about. I know it's only been three days since we've met, but I somehow feel I've known you for a very long time. I'm only here for ten more days.»

«Eleven,» Kaele1gh quickly corrected.

«OK, eleven and then I leave. And then»

«Glad, somehow I already know that even when we are separated by thousands of miles, we'll still be connected. We will email and phone and text and make plans how to see each other again.»

We continued this talk at some length, so long that we hadn't noticed our bladders fill during the conversation. Now, we both needed to pee.

I was the one who suggested that we write our names in the sand.

Kaele1gh immediately agreed, «Oh, let's do it. I so love it when I get to hold you. Now we both get to have our hands on each other directing where it goes when we can make the letters.»

«Well, I hope you're really full. You have lots of them there.»

«Almost bursting,» she replied.

«OK, but you're going to have to not let it out too hard, so you have a nice tight, straight stream. Since you're about to explode, why don't you go first?»

We both stood up, removed our shorts and underwear, setting them on the blanket and walked a few steps to a flat spot in the sand. I took my lower arm and I smoothed out an area maybe four feet on a side. Then, standing behind Kaele1gh, I reached in front of her and placed a hand on each side of her pubic triangle. With my finger tips I parted her outer lips, then opened her inner so her urethra was exposed.

«Ready,» I asked her? «Just move your hips to point it where you want it to go. I'll do the rest. And remember, nice gentle pressure. We're not trying for any distance records now.»

She giggled. «OK, I'm ready.» Then, she began to pee. First a few dribbles, then a thin, steady stream. I helped her form the letters K-----A---E---L.

«Oh, I have to hold it back for a little or I'll let too much out and won't have enough left at the end.»

The, she pushed a little more. E-----1 (or was it an I that she didn't dot?) ---G

Her stream cut off again. «I don't know if I've got any left. I need to rest a minute.»

Then, with a final spurt, she almost completed the H.

We inspected our handiwork. It really didn't take too much imagination to make out her name.

Now it was my turn. I was half-erect, but very full and I had no trouble this time.

Kaele1gh was, as usual, a little enthusiastic in holding me. Once she relaxed her grip, I could let go.

The letters came out easily. G----L----A----D

Since I had a little more, I suggested, «can we make a heart?»

So together, we outlined our message. I didn't quite have enough to complete the final side.

We left the beach and drove a little while up the coast. Kaeleigh was busy showing me the sights, and usually commenting on the places as we passed.

After maybe an hour, we pulled off the road and stopped. Once again, we got out and walked down to the shoreline. This time it was rocky, so we went off on another hike.

Neither one of us was keeping track of time, but I suppose it was another half hour before we found a view we really liked and set down on the rocks. Thirsty from the exercise, we drank more water.

Probably both a little tired, we stripped down to our underwear once again andlay down on the rocks.

I must have dozed off, because I don't remember much after that.

I felt a nudge on my foot, then looked up and saw Kaele1gh naked and standing right in front of me. Oh, she looked great. Her eyes sparkled, her large breasts teased me and her pussy was well, wet.

My thoughts of arousal were interrupted. "I'm good and full now. And, it's payback time."

Quickly, I remembered that she still owed me for when I peed on her foot yesterday. Straddling me, she released her bladder, first, on my feet, where it felt warm and slightly tickling. Then, as she moved up my legs, she must have pushed a little harder, because I could feel its strength. A moment later, she was peeing on my groin, such a strange, oddly wonderful, feeling on my cock and balls.

I tried to get up and she put a hand out, pushing me back down. She continued peeing a nice strong stream. Still lying down, I reached up to her pussy to deflect her spray, and at least as much went on her as on me. She didn't do anything to stop that.

How interesting, I thought! And, my bladder was still full. Did she plan that? Perhaps she expected I would return the favor.

So, I forcing myself upright, I was able to stand. And, I peed right at Kaele1gh, first, at her waist, then to her breasts. She tried to hide her look of delight. Then, having saved the best for last, I blasted a stream at her pussy.

It was like two teenagers having a water fight with one another. We continued until both of us were empty.

Spent, we collapsed laughing, tickling one another. Then, looking at each other, we saw and felt our desire and slowly kissed, holding our pee-soaked bodies against each other.

We kissed for what seemed like ages as we fell asleep on top of each other.

