The Beach House (Part Three)

30th May 2011, 08:31 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Lara turned the key in the lock and stumbled into the beach house. Since her little fantasy by the ocean, she had drank two bottles of water and bladder was again feeling full.

As she locked the door behind her, Lara pulled her bathing suit off and stood naked in the front room of the beach house, staring at the big, soft chair she had relieved herself that morning when she arrived. Scratch that off the list. No, she needed a new experience, something unlike anything she had felt to this point.

Her need to pee was not yet urgent, so she stepped into the bathroom. The shower was a whirlpool tub with a shower-head attached to a hose. Lara smiled as she turned the nozzle and climbed into the tub, pulling the curtains closed behind her. She flipped the lever and the shower-head sprayed a warm jet of water against her bare breasts. Still feeling a bit randy from her fantasy on the beach, Lara did not hesitate and brought the shower-head to her crotch. Within thirty seconds of the high pressure water spraying against her clit, she gasped as a gentle orgasm overtook her.

Lara shut the water off and stepped out of the shower. The cold tile floor made her squeal and a small spurt of pee splashed her feet. It was time.

Not bothering to dry off, Lara ran out of the bathroom and searched around the beach house front room for a good place to pee. The chair? Already did that. The couch? That would be good for a day when she is curled up reading a book or watching television. She rushed into the master bedroom. The bed? No, save that for later. Finally, Lara glanced at the soft, dark carpet in the bedroom and smiled. Kiki had told her she was free to pee anywhere. For years she had dreamed of just letting her pee go all over the carpet of her own house, but didn't dare. Now, she had permission.

Unable to wait any longer, Lara sat on the bedroom floor and giggled as the carpet fibers tickled her naked bottom. "Oh, I can't believe I'm about to pee on the floor." She spread her legs out in front of her and leaned back against the wall. "I can't hold it any longer. Oh!" She let loose as her pee hissed freely from her crotch and soaked the carpet beneath her. Lara delighted in the warmth as the pee pooled around her bottom and created a dark puddle on the floor. Still peeing, she slid her finger into her vagina and rubbed her clit slowly as warm pee ran over her fingers and hand. "Oh, mmm, ahh," she cried as she came, forcefully and blissfully, while her pee continued to splash onto the carpet. When her orgasm subsided, he slumped onto the floor on her side, exhausted.

She lay there for a bit, still enjoying the warmth of her puddle against her crotch. She still had to pee a little and, still laying on her side with her legs together, just let loose, the pee cascading softly down her thigh and to the floor.

