Having A Good Time With a Full Figuired Brunette Beer Drinker Part 1

19th March 2010, 03:02 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I had a friend that was in the same antique radio that I was. Ray was new to collecting them and knew nothing about reparing them. So I became his teacher on how to repair them. I would go to his place to teach him about repairing the radios. I would hop on the bus and ride over to his place for he lived in Albany and I in Troy.

Ray lived in a small apartment which was in a nicely restored old brownstone. His kitchen was the radio workshop for we would use his kitchen table to work on the radios. As we would work Ray would watch as I explained what I was doing and why. Ray understood for the most part and while we worked Ray at times would talk about other things such as friends or what other things that he had been doing or other things.

Well Ray talking about people commented on a woman that was sort of a friend of his friend that shared the apartment with him. Her name was Marlene. Ray told me she was a very pretty woman that was full figuired,very tall almost as tall as I was. (6') She was a brunette which she wore straight and long.

Ray went on telling me there was only one thing he did not like about her was that she was a drun at least that is what he thought she was. For any time she was here she had a sixpack of Budweiser or not a full one. If she didn't have any with her she always asked for money to buy a sixpack or offer favors if you bought her Bud for her. Ray thought she was a real bitch. Ray was gay and he didn't like Marlene all that much. But since it was his roommates friend he just put up with her.

Well we had reached a point on the radio we had been working on. I needed some more parts for it to finish. So I sent Ray out to get them which he did. He had another radio there also that he wanted me to look at so I started working on that one. After working on the second radio for about ten minutes there was a quick knock out on the front door and then I saw it open. In came Marlene.

Ray had described her perfectly. She was almost as tall as I was. Yes her brunette hair was long and worn straight. She was full figuired with a big rack as far as her breasts, a slim waist which she was wearing a dress which had a belt on it which drew in her waist showing that it was very slim. Then her body curved right out at the hips and she had great looking legs for her thighs were just right and her calves curved gracefully with a nice long curve in them.

Marlene when she first stepped in the front door into the livingroom had not looked back to the kitchen and had not seen me there. Hello? she said softly. Ray,Mike? Anybody here? I spoke up and said; I'm the only one here right now. Mikes not here and Rays out right now too. Hearing me Marlene turned looked towards me and started walking to the kitchen. I waited till she walked into the kitchen before I spoke again.

Marlene was now in the kitchen standing at the other side of the table. Hi I'm Victor. You must be Marlene. Marlene gave me a little smile as I offered to shake her hand and she did do a handshake and said to me; Nice to meet you Victor. How did you know I was me? Oh Ray had mentioned to me who you were at one time I said to Marlene.

Then Marline got up from the table. She went over to the fridge. Marlene opened her big pocketbook she had with her and started pulling out cans of Budweiser and put them Ray's fridge. I thought to myslef; Ray was right about her on her Budweiser! She kept one ofr herself and asked me if I wanted one. I told her no. She sht the fridges door and came back to the table and sat down again.

Do you mind if I smoke/ She asked me. I told her that I smoked and I'll joing you. That seemed to please her for I being a smoker also. So we both sat ther having a cigarette together. Marlene asked me as she looked at the two taken apartradios on the tavble if repairing them was hard. I told her that most the time they wern't. Other times they could give you grey hair and want to pull it out! Marlene laughed and told me she knew what that was like herself.

Now as we had been sitting there having a smoke and talked Marlene had finsihed her one can of beer she had sat down with. So she got up and took another one from the fridge opened it and sat back at the table and took a long sip from it. I now had gone back working on Ray's second radio. I had started testing its tubes and I now tested the tube that was on the tube tester and it wa bad.

So I had brought tubes with me that did match the ones in the radio and I got the tube out to replace the bad one. I put it in the radio plugged it in and turned it on. The radio came on in a minute later with nice clear sound and played nicely. There were no other problems with this one. I told Marlene no grey hairs or pulling my hair out on this one! She laughed and she told me that the old radio sounded very nice.

So I left the radio playing but had the volume down. I mentioned that Ray was getting parts for this other one that was there on the table. I took a quick look at the kitchen clock and said to Marlene; Well Rays been gone for almost a hour. I hope he didn't get lost. I was only kidding about saying it that way for I knew Ray knew where to go. But one of Ray's bad habbits he would also make stops when ever he would go out. Marlene knew this too for she mentioned it and I laughed and told Marlene Ray had done it to me a few times too.

Ray kept all his collected radios in a spare small room off the livingroom. He had more of them in the room that needed work on them so I got up telling Marlene I was getting anoth one of Ray's radios to work on. I got up and so did Marlene. She had her can of Bud in her hand took a long sip from it shook the can after the sip and said; THisoones dead time for another! She went to the fridge got another one out and I left the kitchen and got another one of Ray's radios and came bacjk with it.

Ray had a label made of masking tape on this radio saying no power. It had a replaced electric plug on the power cord as I started to look at it. I slipped the carboard cover down on the plug. This plug had screw terminals for the wore connection to the plugs two prongs. One wire had broken clean off so there was no connection on the ne side of the plug. Easy fix here too! I said to Marlene. I showed herthe inside of the plug with the broken wire on it. She smiled and asked me; How long to fix the plug. Only a few minutes I said back to her as I got out a screwdriver,wire strippers, and cutters.

Would youu want to take a walk over to Stwerts (local conveinent store chain) with me? I said Sure I won't have anuy more work to do till Ray does get back. So Marlene sat ther watching me fix the radios plug which she guzzled down her can of beer as I did. It took me a litle longer then I thought. Five to six minutes then a had said tow or three minutes to Marlene. I fixed it plugged the radio in and it worked fine with no other problems with it.

Ok we can go I said to Marlene as I unplugged the now fixed radio and crossed out nop power and wrote ok working on the piece of masking tape on the radio. Marlene got up we walked out heding to the living room but I stopped and put the fixed radio back in Ray's storage room and then we left and walked over to Stwerts which was a few blocks away from Rays. Even as we walked to Stwerts Marlene had brought a can of beer with her and drank it as we walked.

When we got to Stwerts Marlene took the last drink from her can of beer and tossed it in the trash and we went inside. She went right to the cooler got a fresh sixpack of Budweiser and I got a cold soda. When we got to the counter Marlene opened her big pocketbook and said Oh shit! I left my purse at Ray's! She turned to me and asked if I would buy her beer. I'll pay you back I promise!

I remembered what Ray had told me about Marlene doing this. Then aslo what Ray had added saying to me about her and her payback was either with money or "favors" So I did pay for Marlene's beer which made her ever so happy. When the clerk put the beer in the bag Marlene also asked for a small brown bag which the clerk gave to her. As we left the store Marlene told me she should have had a brown bag with her when we had walked over. I could have been busted if I was seen by a cop having a open can not in a bag! She pned the bag ripped of a can of beer from the sixpack opened it and put in the little brown bag taking a long sip after she had bagged the can of beer.

We got back to Rays and Marlene had g=finished the brown bag can of beer as we went up the steps to go inside of Ray's place. Before we went up the staircase once inside Marlene said her heels wer killing her and she took them ff and we then went upstairs. Once inside Marlene put the rest of the new sixpack in the fridge but took another one from it. Then Marlene said to me; Since you have to wait for Ray (which Ray was still not back yet) and you don't have any work to do till he does get back Do you want to sit outside on the back porch?

Marlene was right not having anything else to work on so I told her yes and we went out the backdoor there in thekitchen and Ray had a old wrought iron fancy park bench with cushions on it and Marlene and I sat down on it. I opend my soda while Marlene opned her can of beer. There was a ashtray there by the bench and we both lit up a cigarette, smoked them, she drank her beer, I my soda, and we did a little talking too. It was nice to relax out on Ray's porch for it was warm outside and there was a slight breeze which to me felt good not making it feel as warm as it was.

Now Marlene from either her drinking her beer or felt warmer then I said she was warm. So the white dress she had on she unbuttoned the first three butons on the top of her whte dress. Then she took her fingers and pulled her dress foward saying as she moved her dress fanning herself; That feels a litte better! Now having done this unbuttoning her dress and was pulling it out and bvack fanning herself I could see her full breasts now as she did this!

Now first of all her skin was darkly tanned to start of with. So were her breasts! I even saw that they were freckled! Marlene when she pulled her dress outward while she fanned herself was not wearing a bra so I even got to see the large dark rose colored circles that surrounded the same rose colored fat but short nipples on her breasts. My cock started geting into a erect stae as Marlene went on fanning herself as I watched and saw more of her full tan breasts!

Marlene after several minutes fanning herself did turn and caught me watching her with my eyes gazing right down into the opening of her dress when she had it pulled outward. She didn't say anything first about me looking down her dress first. She said that it felt better but had stopped fanning her dress but when she had she had it pulled out sas far as she could get it. Then she said to me; Want to take a good peek go right ahead! I do owe you that!

Marlene even and went and unbuttond one more butom on her dress and then took her two hands and seperated the front of the dress and fully exposed all of her tits to me! Boy did my cock right then go from semi erect to fully erect in a few short seconds! Now too having her tits fully exposed as I looked right at them there were no tan lines at all that would be there if she had worn a bra!

So I asked if she always tanned herself with out a bra,top, or if she wore a bikini not with its top on. Marlene laughed and told me she never had nothing on top when she was out sunning herself. Then she siad to me; I'm the same way on the botom too! My cock was now fully erect and with Marlene telling me this it went and did a very hard twitch inside my pants! Then I said back to her for Marlene had pulled her dress back closing it back up but had enough space where her breasts could be mostly still be seen I thanked her for letting me have the good look at her. They are very pretty! Marlenne laughed and thanked me.

We sat for several more minutes Marlene finsihed the can of beer she had brought out. I had drank half my soda. Marlene told me that she was going to get another beer. I also have to piss too. When Marlene said that she had to piss she hadn't pissed the entire time she had been here and she had drunk several cans of beer while here and the one going to the store and one comming back also.

Before Marlene got up from the bench she leaned over giggling and whispering as she giggled told me to come with her. I'll let you see the est of me! I smiled with a big smile and got up off from thebench before Marlene did and offered her to take my hand. Oh you're such a gentlemen! Marlene said to me laughing. She took my hand and I helped her up. We went inside to Ry;s kitchen. His bathroom was just off the kitchen to the left of the backdoor.

Now Ray's bathroom was small and very narrow. There was only the toilet and a small sink in it. No bathtub or shower! No room for either one the bathroom was that small. Both Ray and Mike would use the "Y" (YMCA) to take showers which was one block away. Marlene told me I better go into the bathroom first. So I did. She followed me inside and sheclosed the door behind her and locked it.

Now I was standing in front of the toilet. If Marlene was going to piss I would have to step and turn sideways to get by her to get by the door of the bathroom so she could get to the toilet to piss. So now I wondered why she wanted me to go in first. I didn't ask her why for Marlene standing by the sink unbutoned the erst of the butons on the frontof her dress and slipped it down off her shoulders!

It fell over hanging down over her waist for the dresses belt had stopped the dress so that's why it stayed up and had hung down in the front. Now I stared back hard looking at all of both of her breasts. Oh they are so beautifull! I said hoarsly. That made Marlene giggle a little but she also then after her little giggle she smiled as she reached under the hanging top part of the white dress and started now undoing the belt on her dress!

Marlene yanked the belt hard which it opned and she let go of the belt and her white dress seemed to melt down her body as it slowly slid down her body to the floor. Now Marlene had no pnties on but did have on very sher almost nude style pantyhose on. That didn't matter to me right then! Even with the pantyhose still left on her tanned body was plain to see. Marlene had told me she had no lower tan lines and she told me right! There wer no tan lines at her waist, her crotch, and inner upper thighs!

Then Marlene let me gaze at her and she started peeling the pantyhose off frpm her waist and down her over her very curvery hips and bent down to peel them down her legs and feet. Once she had done all this she kiked her pantyhose aside on the bathroom floor. She spreaded her feet apart placed a hand on her hip and the other on top of her head and posed for me! Now what do you think there Victor!

Now I was looking right at Marlenes pussy. The skin all around it was the same dark tan as th rest of her body. Her clit was a short stubby one being the same darl rose color as the big circles at the base of her breastys nipples and her nipples. Her slit was long very long. What I could see of the very edges of the inside skin of her pussy that was a deep dark rose color. Marlene had now flaps under her pussy. I answeredMarlene shaking my head and said as I shook my head; Your;e even pretier down theer then up on top! Marlene gain gave me a nice smile and then she turned around to show me her ass!

Like th rest of her her ass was the same dark tan color. Her asscheekswere well rounded, large, and very firm looking! She had a asscrack that did a very long curve and even went well above her waist and up into the middle of her back! ( most didn't really go that far but I'm sure that you may have seen such a type of ass that the crack did go that far! Marlene then placed both hands on the top of her head and she gave her wonderfull ass a few back and forth shakes and then she turned around and faced me agan.

Marlene then very slowly and eroticly suantered over to me and stopped in front of me. Ok I have to piss now. she said to me. But would you mind if I undress you and you sit on the toilet and I'll sit on you? NOT AT ALL! I said back to Marlene. So Marlene unbuckled my belt quickly, i had a slide clip on this pair of pants> Marlene pinched te front of my pants together releasing the clip as she pulled my zipper down on mypants too.

As she started to pull my pants down Marlene did ask me; Partway? Or all the way down? EITHER WAY! I said right back to her. Marlene started bending down as she pulled my pants down. Now my erect cock had been pinned downward by my pants ( I also was like her I was not wearing my boxers and my erect cok when she had pulled my pants down to wher my ock was free of them it popped right up and hit Marlene on the tip of her nose!

Boy did she ever laugh so hard! I even laughed pretty hard myslef. Marlene tld me as she laughed still said that she should no better. It takes some room for a cock to swing. Some more then others! I laughed a little again. Marlene took my pants completely off and put them up on the sink. She didn't say anything about me being commando but she now did take a good look over at my crotch!

You are pretty nice too were the first words Marlene said to me. Then she said next; Hey I like the curve you have! Your'e alsolong enough that your ock will enjoy what I have for it and you too! I haveone more question to ask you before I do piss Marlene said to me. Accualley I have two questions! Marlene said to me with a giggle. Ask me then I said back to her. Do you like pissing sex? Marlene then paused and then asked me; Golden showers too? I SURE DO! I said right back to her.

So sit down and lets get started! Marlene said to me. So I sat down on the toilet seat she stepped forward just having enough room to step foward straddling me and the toilet as she stepped forward. She stopped when she was straddled over the upper part of my thighs. Then to get closer up to me Marlene got into a high hovering sqaut. She placed he hands on my shoulders and she told me she needed some support from me. So I placed my hands on her asscheeks and Marlene moved closer to me which being in her high sqaut made her pussy almost even with my mouth!

I smiled with a big smile which Marlene saw my smile. Let me piss a little on your dick first. Then you can go for my pussy! Ok I'll go for that! I said back to Marlene. But I had to say one thing back to her too. As I told her I had to adjust things so wait a momnet yould you? I reached down and moved my cock with one hand that I had removed off her asscheek so I could move my cock with it. My cocks head and a litle of my shaft was above my two thighs and I moved it repostioning it which Marlene watched and giggled as I did move my cock.

I thinks that it as long as your piss stream shoots down fairly straight I said to Marlene. Well we'll see in a moment of it does! Marlene laughed as she said it. Then sure enough Marlene started to piss. Her piss came out from her pussy hard! IT was very yellow and herstream did go straight down but did a little spraying of droplets of piss too! I opened my mouth nad I managed to get two things at once! The piss droplets in my mouth and her stream hit its mark hiting directly on the centerof my cocks head!

The droplets of Marlenes pss that weer spraying into my mouth tasted on the bitter and salty side. That was fine with me! Her piss that was hiting my ock felt super warm and her splashing piss off from my cock head wetted my thighs felt just as warm on them too. Also with her piss splashing besides my thighs some of her hot piss did rundown the side of my shaft and went down and began wetting my balls to for I could feel that happening.

I did a quick swallow ven though I had only a small amount of Marlene's piss droplets go into my mouth. Marlene was watching me and wwhen I was going to stick my tounge into her stream Marlene told me no not yet. Let me piss a litle more on your cock and let me slow my stream down before you go for my pussy! I muttered out a ok and I stuck my tounge back in my mouth but left it open to get a little more taste of her spraying piss droplets.

Marlene went on and pissed like shehad been doing for fivemore seconds or so. Then she must have started to squeeze her muscles for her stream stopped its spraying and its flow lessened. Now go for it! Marlene said loudly and excitedly. I stuck my tounge out curled it ( whiich not everyone can do but I could and let her piss goright into my mouth going over my curled tounge till I pulled back closed my mouth and swallowed her piss right down!

I went right back doing the same for a second, a third, and forth time in a row. Then Marlene cut her piss stream off completely stopping it. Ok now work on my pussy! she said to me. So I went and started rubbing my tounge around on her pussy paying attention at first to just her clit. That feels wonerfull! Marlene saidloudly to me asI licked away. After several minutes of just licking her clit i went for the slit and the insides of her pussy with my tounge.

When I did do the inserting of my tounge I curled it as I slid it inside of her pussy. Marlene let out a loud but short giggle. That feels weirdly good! Mike can't curl his tounge at least he never had tried oing it this way when he eats me! I slid my tounge out and told Marlene to have MIke try it this way then. Another giggkle from Marlene and she said I will! Iwent right back with my curled tounge and worked the inside of Marlenes pussy.

Now Marlene didn't take long to get reallturned on by this. She let out moans as she breathed hard. Her clit was maxed right out being ass stiff as it could get! Her pussy was plenty moist also. Marlene then pulled herself away suddenly stepped back away. Letme take care of you for a few minutes she said to me quickly. So I stood up and she backed up past the sink and with her back she pressed har into the bathroom door. I got up off frm the toilet and I turne sideways to let Marlene get to the toilet. This was the nly way to exchange palaces in Ray;s small tiny bathroom.

Marlene sat down on the toilet seat and I stepped over to her and I did the same I starddled her thighs but I didn't have to go as far as she had to piss on me and I to eat her pussy. She leaned over just a little took one hand gripped my cock started wtisting and jerking it off and then slipped it right into her warm wet mouth and sucked away on it! Marlene gave me a great combo handjob and blowjob for the nextseveral minutes.

Then she stopped and asked me if that was good enough for now before we we are going to fuck! I told her that it was. So I stepped back Marlene got up off the toilet seat and she turned around so that her ass was now faced to me. She bent over getting her legs apart as far as theroom for her would allow. I stepped forward cock in hand and I could be able to fuck her with no real problem. I placed the head of my cock on her pussy. She let oout a little moan and giggle as she felt my cocks head on her pussy.

Then I slowly pushed and my cock started to slip up inside of her pussy and I went slwly till I could go no further inside of her. I then and went on taking long slow back and forth thrusts. Marlene grabbed both of my hands with hers. As she did she said to me; Take my tits! They want some of the action too! PLAY WITH THEM!

So when Marlene put my hands up on both of her tits I massaged and gently squeezed her already good stiff and hard nipples with my fingers. That feels good and makes my pussy even feel better Marlene said lightly laughing at the same time. So we wnet on like this for a good long several minutes. I now began to speed up my thrusts which Marlene approved of. Then she said that she had saved some piss for me plus there was some new piss too! So I asked her if she was going to try to piss as we fucked. Her reply was; Try? I CAN DO IT!

No sooner then she had said it she did start to piss! She even managed to piss with a pretty strong stream too. I knew why too. Marlene was pushing creating preasure on my ock which tried to push my ock back in her pussy. So hwat I did was put equall pressure back which heldmy ock still right in place. Since she was lsightly higher with her ass andpussy my insrted cock was angled slightly upward and her warm piss ran down the exposed part of it shaft and wetted my balls too which I let out a soft short gasp havibg her hot piss wet them.

Hearing my little gasp of pleasure Marlene let out a giggle and at the same time said to me; Oh you like that do you! Now Marlene wasn't using herhands to do anything so she reached right down with one in the front took a gentle hold of my balls and pulled up on them gently. This made them get wetted more with her hot piss. Now that's even better I said right back to her. So sh held them there while she wenton pisisng. I started to thrust my ock back and fort in her pussy as she pissed but only took little strokes so that Marlene could still hold on to my balls with her hand.

Marlene pissed for about twenty seconds. Having my cock stuffedup inside of her even with herpushing to piss Marlene didn't really piss all that much. She stopped and I felt it when she did. Now let's really get going! Marlene hurridly said to me. She took her hand off from my balls. I started and went back to my long thrusts but sped up more as I did. I also played with her tits harder but only used one habd this time. Marlene had taken one hand away and she had it down abovee her pussy along iwth her and we both used our fingers from our hands together we had them on her clit and was taking care of it now!

With doing all of this now Marlene was making louder moans,longer gasps as she breathed harder. After several minutes she said to me in this fashion; Can pause with a moan and gasp you (moan and gasp again) piss in my pussy? is what Marlene was saying with a gasp and moan between therest of the words. I said that I could. Then Marlene took a little step forward getting her ass and pussy over the hole in the toilet seat. Ok DO IT!

I gave a push which did result in a spurt of pisss to come out from my cock. Marlene let out a short scream instead of just a moan! Since I did just do a spurt of piss Marlene said loudly AGAIN! I gave a little push and I did another spurt of piss which she again screamed. So what I kept doing would push when my cock wasn't so deeply insterted and sens a spurt of piss up inside of her pussy till I even managed to do it when I was deeply inserted in her pussy! It drove Marlene absolutalyy crazy!

Then shortly after thatMarlene had her orgasem. When she came she shook hard with her pussy doing the same hard quivering on my cock! She gasped and screamed as each quiver shot through her pussy and body. My cock got plenty wet from her cum. Then Marlene's orgasem was over. She slowly pulled herslef forward having my ock come out of her pussy ever so slowly. When it was out she asked me how close I was to cumming. I told her it wouldn't take mush at all. I was that close to cumming myslef then.

So Marlene turned around after I had stepped back and she sat down heavily on the toilet seat. I'll eat your cum she said to me as she leaned over started jerking me off andf slipped my ock into her mouth and started taking fast sucking strokes with her mouth as she jerked me off hard! It idn't take me long to cum! I felt it comming so I shoved forward had with my hips making Marlenes mouth slide way down on my ock and I shot a huge load of cum from my cock into her mouth. Then a second and a thirsd load shot out and in her mouth. Thast was it I was now done.

Marlene like she did when she started blowningme slowly slid her mouth up my cock sucking hard and then took her mouth off from my cock. She smiled just a little and had some of my cum dribbleout on the corner of her mouth. She wiped it with her tounge quickly and then opned her mouth wide. All of my cum as there and then she closed and and swallowed it right down. She stood up came over to me and kissed me hard. Then after the the kiss she told me there was one more thing that she had to do.

Marlene stepped back to the toilet raised the seat up this time stepped back and let loose with a wicked piss! It was a hard stream which twisted and hissed loud in Rays small bathroom. She smiled a little as she stood over the toilet pissing into it. I need a ber. Can youget me one? I smiled and told her one is commingright up! Marlene then told me she owpuld still be pissing when I came back with her beer. I laughed stepped back to the door unlockd it opened it took a quick look out through the now open doorway and took the three quick steps to the fridge and opened and grabbed two cans this time. One for her and one for me.

I came back into the bathroom Marlene was still pising as hard as ever. I opned her beer handed it to her and she guzzled down half the can before I had mine open and would tae a drink from it! Ineeded that to wash down th rest of your cum that I couldn't swallow! Marlene said to me. Puts a differebnt head on it too as it went down! I almsot spit out the beer thatwas in my mouth for I had started taking a sip. Marlene laughed hard seeing that I had alsmost had choked and spit out the beer out of my mouth. I swallowed it and I broke int laughter along with her.

After that we did get dressed and went back on Ray's backporch siting again onthe old wroughtiron bench. Marlene drank her ber slower this time. We had a cgarette and we just relaxded recovering from our hard sex in the bathroom. After being out there for awhile the phone rang in the kitchen. I got up and answered it. It was Ray. Where in the hell are you I asked him. Ray told me he went to a second parts store to get the needed parts for the radio. The one place didn't have them all so that's why the second store.

Ray apologized to me for doing this and not calling sooner. I asked him why he didn't call and tell me that. I bet you also stopped some where alse in your travels too! I said to him. Ray laughed and told me that I knew hinm to well. He had and tod me he bought to new radios and would bring them home to when he would get the restof the parts. S he hadn't even got ther yet after sayinghe had. Ok I said to him. I'll see you whenj you get here then. I went and told himthat I fixed two of his radios while he was gone. He thanked me but asked what I was oing now. It was that he thought I was alone all the time he was gone. No I have some nice female comapny with me so I have not been alone. Ray asked me who it was and I told him Marlene. Ray muttered out a ok and and then he hung up.

I went back to Marlene on Rays back porch. I told her that it was Ray and he is till going to beout for awhile yet. She smiled and told me then we will have more time by oursleves then. I smiled and said. Yes we will! Marlene again smiled with a big smile. I hope Raytakes afew hours to get home. I said back to her; Me to Marlene! We then kissed and settled down on the bench and we sat there togther drank beer,smoked cigarettes, talked and would kiss a few times and even started to do a little foreplay strating to rekindle oursleves! To be continuied.

