Fun Ride Home

23rd June 2010, 11:35 AM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

Remember that Kyia and I had been at a work party in the city which was put on by her employer. Kyia had quite a bit to drink and when we had left the party and had gotten off the subway Kyia took a good hard piss on the subway stations stairway. Then we got to my car and left the city and headed north to go back home.

Traffic was fairly heavy in Jersy till we hit Rte 17. Then it got much lighter before the Jersy and New York border. Kyia was quiet up till this time. Now she told me she was feeling very warm so she slipped down her shoulder straps of her dress and let the air cool her off. I had the top down on my Mustang convertible. Kyia did have her black lacy bra still on.

Going several more miles we reached where we were in New York now and Kyia pulled the straps f her dress back up for we would be hitting the tollbooths. She waited till we had gone through the sets of toll booths and this time Kyia besides pulling her dresses straps off her shoulders also pulled down one side of her lacy black bra exposing her breast! Kyia giggled telling it felt much better!

Kyia cooled her one breast off when we had gone a few miles and slipped her bra back up and pulled down the other side of her black lacy bra to cool off her other breast. Shewent back and forth as far as cooling her breasts down. She would pull her bra back up if I passed a big truck or one passed us. Kyia would giggle hard if either happened.

Then I told Kyia I needed to stop for a cup of coffee so she put her black lacy bra back in place and took care of her dress too. I pulled off the thruway when we did reach the rest area. We went inside together and I got my cup of coffee and I made Kyria get one too. She kidded me about trying to make her a wide awake drunk as we walked back to my car.

We left the rest area and headed north again on the thruway. Kyia did drink her coffee which she did pretty quickly. I drank mine much slower. It helped for after I did finish it I was no longer feeling tired. We were now just south of West Point which the truway here the noth and southbound lanes were wide apart so only yje headlights lighting the darkness could be seen. Here Kyia pulled her dress and bra together right down and sat there fully exposed both of her breasts as we rode northward.

Drinking the large cup of coffe and I hadn't pissed since the party I had to go now. There was a rest area comming up in several miles ahaed so I told Kyia that I was going to stop and piss. Kyia asked; Is it one that no building to go in? I really want to stay the way I am. Nice and cool now this way! I told Kyia that it was just a pull off spot. Better hope there is no awake truckers or other people Kyia! I said to her. Kyia giggled hard and said right back to me; Me too!

Several minutes later we reached this pull off rest area. As we pulled into it there was no visible cars or tractor trailer trucks on the areas upsloped entry way. So this is where I stopped. Kyia seing that there was no cars or trucks giggled hard as I got out of the car to piss. Kyia just swung her door open turned sideways on her seat and yanked her dress out from under ass and slid outward of the outer edge of her car seat.

I went and stood by her open car door on the open side of it and I pulled my erect cock out of my pants. The interior lights provided more then enough light so that we both could see each other. Kyia seeing my cock was erect let out a giggle and said to me; I see pecker is hard! I hope it stay that way when we get home! I let out a little laugh and I started to piss.

I had my erect cock pushe down as far as I could get it and my stream came out hard with a wide head, a good twist, and my piss splashed pretty hard on the pavement turning it black and my piss started spreading over the pavement. Kyia started her piss several seconds after I had started. Her stream made a short outward angle as it flowed from her peehole. It glistened in the white light from the interior lights of the car.

She too had her piss blacken the pavement and unlike my piss making a large black area on the pavement her piss made a narrow outward area on the pavement instead. It got longer as Kyia pissed for she pissed harder with her stream moving forward on the pavement. It also beagn to hiss getting louder as she pissed harder. I smiled now hearing the hissing of her piss stream.

Since I started first I ended first. I did finish off my piss doing several spurts in a row. I also had to give my hard cock a few hard shakes to get the last of my piss. Then I stuffed it back inside m boxers and pants and zipped up. Now Kyia was still pissing which she was just starting to ease off. Her hissing slowly died out as her stream slowly eased up.

It took Kyia several long seconds to reach where her piss stream stopped hissing and get down to te point of also just trickling wetting her vagina,her lower crotch, and both of her asscheeks. Then she paused and like I did she gave a series pf pushes making shorts spurts of piss come out. As she did this Kyia giggling sad to me; I make end like you did! I laughed and shook my head.

Then Kyia did end her piss. She turned as she slid back on her seat and I walked around the front of my car to get in on my side. I got in aand as we headde down the rest area to exit it Kyia had not pulled her dress back down. It was still up at her waist. Kyia said to me giggleing; Now hot between my legs! Your hard pecker make me that way! I laughed as I acclerated now being back out on the thruway.

For the next several miles Kyia would flip her dress back and forth fanning herself with it. She had her thighs wide open as far as she could get them too. She giggled off and on as she did this also. What she also did would turn on the and off the interior light on her side which would allow me to see her pubic hair and her pussy when she had the interior light on! Kyia also would ay to me; Get home fast before I get cool! So I did speed up which we did get home faster and what a time we had after we had gotten home! The end.

