Drankin and the outcum

10th May 2007, 06:12 AM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

The other evening I spent alone, with several beers, and played on peesearch, lookin at all the fine pissy pics. They were so inspiring, I must say! When I drink alone I prefer to pee by myself, by the way. heh

Letseee what all has transpired as of late:

1. In the basement corner, and then over some glass windows.

2. I drank a beer, mowed the grass and let it build to a near uncomfortable level. I kept thinking of squatting in tha yard while mowing, but neighbors were around. When I was done I put the mower in the shed, and pissed in a bucket, and left it there. Only problem was I wet all over my shorts, so had to change (into a skirt)

3. In my skirt I walked to the stairs and let it drizzle down backwards on the stairs, and it's still light out, but this was a discreet piss.

4. Next I went to the bathroom, and opened the window. Standing in the tub I put one foot on the sill and sprayed out through the screen.

5. Drank some more, looked at more pix. Then I went to another outdor set of stairs, and wizzled yet again. My neighbor came up right after I'd made a slight puddle. It was dark then, tho and not as noticeable. We had conversation. It was awkward, in my short slit skirt chatting with her, and I kept pressing my legs together, as I'd only released a bit. She mentioned she was on her period for some reason and I freaked internal, because I am also periodical at this time, and WAS CONCERNED that maybe I might have had a red stripe down my leg or something...but indoors I looked and didnt, so ok whatever...

6. I for some reason felt the urge to wet on carpet, and being pretty buzzed, just went for it. I am gonna have it cleaned soon anyways so... I Stood in front of the window, with curtains open, and looked over at the neighbors across the street. I put one foot on the sill and just sprayed and sprayed. Gosh it felt nasty. Big wet spot from this yeah...

7. I then had a problem. I spilled a beer almost full, all over my kitchen floor. I wiped it with towels, then sprayed 409. Then still was worried I'd smell beer tomorrow, so I gave it a final rinse with peeee. I sat in the chair and sprayed it good, wiped with towels, then mopped the floor. I only had one beer left to buzz me, so I got it out, and drank it quickly outdoors while the floor was drying.

8. I was out on the lawn in back and watching people walk through the alley, just relaxed and spread my legs a bit and flowed into the grass. I did a lil wiggle and dripdried then came back indoors.

9. Next I did a replay out the window standing in the tub. This spray soaked the screen good. I could hear it hitting things below my window.

10. Finished my beer while downloadin pix, then went out in front and sat in the lawn chair. I got some goodolboys (redneckers) across the street and they spend all their time fixin their trucks and drinkin beer. I leaned back and looked over at them. They werent looking so I just started pissin. It felt way naughty. I didnt even care if they were to look. It was dark and I know they'd not see, and if they did they'd not say anything I'm sure. Beside they're probly drunk too lol.

So that was my other night evening. Naughty huh?

