How I discovered my fetish, and my experiences

11th February 2010, 02:23 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Carol's Surprise

Now that we got that out of the way, the following story is about how I got into watersports. I've read some of the other stories of this sort on the board and many of them are fabulous: a desperate partner pissing during sex which starts a mutual fetish, or being seduced into it by a partner, or stumbling on an attractive person pissing, or being caught by someone else while pissing. These are among the many scenarios that I have read that are phenomenally more interesting than my own story. And fortunately, most of these stories weren't written by overly wordy bastards like me, so they are infinitely more readable. If you are a glutton for punishment and haven't moved past this thread yet, here is my story.

If you have read my story «Kim Watersports Adventure», you will find the way I first discovered my fetish familiar. Many of Kim's experiences mirror my own, though there are significant differences: I am a straight male, not a lesbian; I lost my virginity well before the age of 42; and I am not the lonely soul she is, as I have been married for a couple of decades. Still, there is definitely some of me in my heroine Kim.

My first hint that I had a pee fetish came while I was in college. The student newspaper at my school would occasionally have an insert that came from a national magazine for college students. I think it was entitled «U», but I'm not 100% (hell, or even 10%) sure about that. One issue came out about spring break time, and it had an article about one girl's spring break trip to one of Mexico's beach resorts. In the article she talks about how her and some friends are drinking in the ocean, when she feels the urge to pee. She bemoans the fact that they are so far away from a toilet, when one of her friends responds, «You're standing in one.» She finishes the article talking about how she spent the week drinking Margaritas and «pissing in the ocean.»

Much to my surprise the article turned me on. I couldn't figure out why (that's me, super genius!). It obviously wasn't because I was turned on by her peeing. It must have been the frank way she talked about it. Yeah, that was it.

I pretty much forgot about that article, and it wasn't until a few years later that pissing turned me on again. I was reading a story on the Usenet newsgroup alt.sex.stories. In the story a guy and a girl he just meant have sex in a stream. Before they fuck the girl stands in the stream and pees. I was turned on by the description of her doing so. Again I couldn't understand why I was so turned on (remember, super genius!).

A few years later the web started taking off. The best thing about that - porn was readily and easily available. I was surfing for porn one day at work (thankfully they didn't monitor internet usage at my job back then), and I accidentally stumbled on a website named, I believe, See Me Pee. It was all solo peeing pics, and I found myself getting turned on by the pics on the page that opened up. I hit the back button quickly - after all, pee is extremely disgusting.

A few days later, I found myself back on the site, looking at pics of a woman raising up her leg and pissing on a car. Oh, and I was enjoying it immensely. I decided that what turned me on was the how bold that girl was, how sexually free. It definitely wasn't the pissing itself.

I decided that pics of women peeing were OK to search for, and did so with gusto. As long as they weren't pissing on someone or getting pissed on it was OK. Golden showers, however, were totally disgusting.

While searching for those solo peeing pics I stumbled across Patches. I found plenty of pics, as well as some nice trailers, in the movies section. I soon watched the trailer for a video that included a scene of two girls pissing on each other's legs at a table - damn that was hot! I mean, they were pissing on each other, which is gross, but man was it hot! I know I tossed off to the memory of that clip, which wasn't the first time I had masturbated to scenes of women pissing. Every time I did so I felt so dirty and disgusted after I finished. I mean the girls had been pissing! Disgusting!

An aside: my reluctance to embrace watersports is reflected in my character Elizabeth's reluctance to do the same in my «Chrissy and Elizabeth» series. Her experiences, however, were much better than mine. Maybe that's why she gets over it more quickly. Plus, she's fictional.

Somewhere along the line I decided that pissing was too disgusting, and I was going to stop looking at watersports pics and vids. Then one day I was paging through a Penthouse at a local smut shop, and lo and behold they have chicks pissing in the issue. I immediately became turned on, and soon found myself back on Patches.

I don't remember if it happened before or after I tried to give up pissing porn cold turkey and was ultimately done in by Penthouse, but eventually I saw the pics, descriptions, and trailers for Hightide and Glimpse movies. After initially deciding that these movies were sick, I found my watching and being turned on by them more and more. I eventually decided that watching these movies was OK, as the girls really seemed to enjoy it. I definitely didn't want to watch any movies with men in them, however. I often like to imagine myself in the man's place while watching porn, and I definitely did not have the desire to piss on a woman, and I especially didn't want to be pissed on.

I did, however, have a real problem reconciling that with the fact that I would often imagine me drinking the piss of the women I saw in the lesbian watersports videos. Of course, after masturbating to these videos, I decided that what I saw was gross, and there was no way that I was into that. Still, when I would get horny, I would go back to looking at pissing pics and vids, and started getting off on some male/female action as well. As long as the woman was enjoying herself, I was enjoying myself.

One time when I was on business travel I had been jacking off to a porno tape in the hotel room (mainstream porn, not piss) when I realized I had an urgent need to piss. Remembering how enjoyable the scenes of women wetting themselves seemed in the clips, I decided that I was going to wet myself. I didn't want to have to do laundry, so I ruled out any jeans, sweats, or shorts. I decided that I would piss in my swimming trunks - after all, all I had to do was rinse them out and hang them up, and they would be good as new.

Now what really looked appealing about the wetting vids was the way some of the piss would be trapped by the clothing and soak the crotch and then run down the legs. So what did I, super genius, do? Choose an article of clothing that is designed to hold as little fluid as possible. As I stepped into the shower and started to piss through my swimming trunks the stream did just that, went right through my trunks onto the shower floor, wetting not a single inch of my body. I corrected this eventually by aiming the rest of the stream at my body. I got extremely turned on by the felling of the hot piss soaking my hand and legs, and ended up quickly masturbating in my trunks. I felt disgusted by what I had done soon afterwards.

Over time I started becoming less and less disgusted by what I was looking at, and started to accept more and more that I had a watersports fetish. On a business trip a few years later I was watching the DVD «Seymore Butts: Tushy Anyone?». This is a mainstream video, but it does have a couple of pissing scenes. In the first one the star of the movie, Alisha Klass, pisses into a toilet, and the second had Alisha and Bonita Saint pissing on a tennis course (the latter scene is currently in the galleries). After watching these scenes I got the urge to piss on myself again. This time I removed all of my clothes, laid down in the bath tub, and started pissing, directing my stream all over myself. I decided to take a taste. Fortunately I had been drinking a lot of water, and while I didn't love the taste, I didn't hate it either. I finished pissing on myself and jacked off. A while later I watched the pissing scenes on the DVD again, and repeated what I had done in the tub.

This past summer my wife and kids were away for a few weeks, so I was finally able to experiment with some stuff at home. I downloaded a boat load of pissing pics and clips to my computer, and was constantly masturbating to them. I again pissed on myself, this time lying down in the shower, and again tasted my piss. This worked great until one day when, instead of starting my stream slowly and then working it towards my mouth, as I usually do, I started with a big strong stream. The stream hit me square in the face, and my reaction was to take a deep breath - snorting the piss up my nose! To compound this, I had eaten asparagus for lunch (seriously, I'm not making this up - remember, super genius!). I can guarantee you that snorting asparagus stinking piss up my nose rates really low on my list of personal experiences.

Rating much higher was the fact that I was finally able to piss in my jeans. I did this in the shower every time the laundry basket got full, as I had to do laundry anyway. I really enjoyed the feeling of the warm piss running down my pant legs. I was happy when my wife and kids returned, but bummed that I wouldn't be able to download pissing porn anytime I want, nor be able to piss my pants anymore.

On a business trip in November I finally got the opportunity to piss my pants again. I had brought some DVDs full of the clips I had downloaded over the summer, and was, at the same time, downloading new clips onto my laptop. I had spent all week watching and masturbating to the clips. On my last night, when I had to do laundry, I decided to piss my pants again. This time, instead of masturbating immediately after pissing my jeans, I peeled them off and cleaned myself up, leaving the wet jeans on the bathroom floor. I then watched more clips until I had to piss again, put my wet underwear and jeans back on, and pissed them again. I repeated this a third time. By the time I finished my jeans were extremely soaked.

I'm on business travel again this week; tomorrow is my last night. I've been watching pissing porn all week, and if I'm not careful my dick will fall off from all of the wanking I've been doing. I can't guarantee they'll be as soaked as last time, but I can promise that my jeans will be very wet when I throw them into the washer tomorrow night.

Before I wrap this up, I really have to thank some gadgets I recently acquired for helping me out in my fetish. After leaving my job where internet usage wasn't monitored, which was over six years ago, my ability to look at pissing porn was greatly diminished. I only got a quick peak once in a while when my wife was out of the house and I was alone on the computer. Last year about this time I got an Android phone. With full internet on my phone I soon found this site, which allowed me access to stories, discussions, and pics. Life this last year would have been much less fun without my phone.

The other gadget is a laptop. My wife spends a lot of time on our desktop on Facebook and Farm Ville; I will often use the laptop while she is doing so. She thinks I use it to check on my favorite sports teams. Most of the time I am on this site reading, posting to the forums, or uploading or downloading files. Ain't technology grand?

