I orgasmed without physical stimulation!

28th April 2008, 12:33 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Today I was traveling home from Stockholm by train and I was sitting opposite to a pretty girl, maybe about 18 years old. She wore a short skirt and her legs were spread pretty much apart, so I had a clear view in between her thighs all the way up to her panties! It was a very arousing sight! And it reminded me of an other train trip, which I made some years ago, I was just 18 years old... I think I'll share that memory with you as it involves a very peculiar incident of which I would like to have your opinion... Here it comes...

I was sitting in a compartment with eight seats. I had a seat nearest the window. There were five other passengers besides me, four women about 30-40 years old and a younger woman, about 25... The younger woman sat right in front of me. She was very cute, well... you could say she looked very sexy! She was dressed rather business like in a gray skirt and a matching, gray jacket. Under the jacket she wore a very thin white blouse and as her jacket was unbuttoned I could clearly see that she had no bra... Her nipples were distinctly shown through the blouse! She sat with her legs crossed and as the skirt had gone a bit up on her thighs, I could see that she had nylon stockings, not pantyhose, cuz I saw some white skin above the stockings... On her feet she wore high heeled red shoes.

In the beginning of the journey I tried to read a magazine that I'd bought on the railway station. But after a while I became aware of that some one was looking at me. I looked up and saw that it was the young woman, who was looking. But she wasn't looking at my face, she obviously was looking at a point further down at my body... I looked down and recognized that I sat with parted legs and that my skirt had gone high up on my thighs... I realized that the woman was looking in under my skirt and that she surely must be able to see to see a lot, maybe even my panties

... In those days I wasn't as venturesome as I became later... So I put my legs together and pulled down my skirt. But when I did that, the woman slowly parted her legs and pulled up her skirt until her white thighs were shown above her stockings! I saw her garters running up on her thighs and under her panties, which were light red and very see-through! I felt my cheeks become very red! But I couldn't stop myself from looking at her... But after a while she put her legs together and pulled down her skirt and I couldn't see anything more... I felt oddly disappointed...

At about that moment I felt that I really had to pee! I went up and left the compartment to search for a toilet. I found one at the end of the wagon but it had a sign that told that on this trip all toilets were closed... Well, no big deal, I thought, I'll manage... I returned to the compartment.

When I had sat down, the woman once again spread her legs, showing her legs all the way up... I couldn't help staring in between them! Oh, I saw her pussy quite clear through her panties! Now I started to feel a not so unpleasant tingle in my lower abdomen... But again she put her legs together... at the same time she took off her jacket and when doing it she sort of unintentionally stroke with her hands over her nipples, very slowly... and I saw that they became erected! By now it was out of the question that I should begin reading again... I was so hoping that she would part her legs again! I felt more and more aroused!

But she didn't part them... Then I thought... maybe if I showed her my legs again... Thought and done! I pulled up my skirt and daringly spread my legs widely! And she looked alright! Feeling her looks turned me on even more... it felt so nice in my pussy! I couldn't sit still but wriggled my bum on the seat...

She parted her thighs again giving me this exciting view! This time I could clearly see a wet spot on her panties! The very proof of that she was as turned on as I was! Oh, my god!!! I had become so horny that I was about to stroke myself between my thighs! But I didn't have to... In one blissful, miraculous moment I came hard!! Without even touching my pussy I got a huge orgasm!! It came so unexpectedly, that i couldn't help it but cried out loud!! And then the most embarrassing but yet wonderful incident happened... Still orgasming I peed myself!!! At the time I didn't bother! I just let it flow while I constantly looked at the woman, who now'd started to stroke her pussy and soon climaxed, she too!!

When my orgasm ebbed away, I became aware of the other women in the compartment! You should have seen their faces!!

And now to my question! This was the first and only time so far as I've had an orgasm without any physical stimulation on my pussy or elsewhere! Has anyone of you ladies here had that experience?

Yvette (who loves to be caught peeing herself...)

