Strangers in the night

18th December 2009, 12:33 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

Before I got to know my present man, I lived with a bastard for 4 years. I was mad as all hell, the lying cheating bastard. I found out though, a couple days after he left that I couldn't make myself cum anymore. Oh I would get almost there, but there was something about the fact that I was forced into masturbation that made orgasm impossible. Over the next year, it got worse and worse. I would get so horny and I would watch porn, or think about things that get me off but that damned orgasm would NOT come.

So I guess I just stopped. When I felt horny, I would go do something else. I tell you, my home has never been so spotless. One night some friends dragged me out to a party. Boy, I SO didn't want to go! I had made my mind up to leave early before I even got dressed. AND I made damn sure I didn't dress to thrill. I wore a boring pair of trousers and a long loose fitting top.

Anyways, I met this guy there. The thing is, he was a lot older than me. (I learned later he was in his 50s) We talked, shared a few drinks and went outside. Under the Cairns night sky we were talking about nothing much and then, like flicking a switch we were all over each other. I haven't felt like this since I was 13! We kissed savagely and I all but yanked his pants off him. Meanwhile he slammed me up against the wall and just jammed his hand in my pants. I thrust against him while wanking his cock as roughly as I could. Then, I felt a hurricane coming in my belly. Oh My God! I have never EVER felt an orgasm build like this. It literally felt like a tropical storm and when it hit my whole world splintered apart. I orgasmed so hard I peed.. a LOT. I later saw that I had a large wet patch all the way down to my knees.

Then I felt him start to twitch and I learned a whole new definition of "heavy cummer." My bastard ex could shoot a fair sized load, but this guy made him look like a one spurt wonder! It went up my arm, all over my top and even on my tummy where it ran down into my panties.

Of course, I had to leave the party and drive home. I couldn't really go back in covered in sperm and pee right? I gave him my number though. He called a sauber female friend from the party to drive me home.

Off course, she noticed my condition and offered me a newspaper to sit on. I tried to blame it on a weak bladder, but stopped me and laughed; .."and he has a weak prostata? "

Then I had to tell her the whole story. "Wow, that's hot", she said, and then she confessed that she too knew that he was a handy man.

The conversation in the car made me hot. I noticed that I also was very drunk, so I told her to let me off five minutes from my home, so that I could have a walk to clear my head.

When she stopped near my house, she offered herself to follow me to my doorstep, since I was a bit intoxicated. I accepted her offer, and got out of the car, and as I did, I noticed the nice feeling from the wet fabric of my pants rubbing my crotch as I started to walk, or should I say stumble.

As we were walking, the wet seam of my pants were rubbing my pussy, and I got really horny. I had to do something to increase the stimulation, so I pretended I was cold, and crossed my arms over my chest, so that my hands could touch my breast.

"Yes, it is cold, isnt it", she said, and put her arm around me.

The woman came up right beside me, and took my arm to support me.

Right before we got to my home, I needed to pee, and a little drunk as I was, I just let loose in my pants, as I squeesed my breast through my clothes.

That did it, and I came again.

"Wow, you are something else, are'nt you? ", my new friend said and laughed.

She grabbed me, as I was about to fall.

When we got to my home, I invited her in for a drink, and she helped me clean up and get to bed.

The last thing I remember, was her lying down beside me, and masturbating herself as she help me tight. She deserved that, i thought and fell asleep..

