The Holiday Chapter 2 Part 1

23rd January 2012, 06:42 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England not far from Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

I posted chapter one a few weeks back. This is the start of the follow on.

Chapter 02 - Discoveries

Later, when Jill had changed and gone off to some other part of the house, I said, "You must really enjoy a good pee", I said. To which she answered, "It's always been a hobby of mine. And like I said, I love to see a man pissing too. My older brother does it with me sometimes and my husband and I really enjoyed seeing, and touching and playing with one another's pee. He was a builder and we made this great house and built in some unexpected places to enjoy one-another. But he died a couple of years ago in an accident

, and since then I've not found anyone else who enjoyed peeing like we did. Let's have a drink, and let's play with that cock, I want to see if I can get you to cum again!"

It was getting on for lunchtime by then and she said, "Let's eat, you need food to make friends!" Washing her hands, I did the same, having tucked my cock back in its packaging with some difficulty. I asked, "What about clearing up the bathroom?"

"It can wait", she said, "We need to get to know one-another better, and anyway Jill will probably do it for me."

Down a long corridor and into a wide and spacious kitchen about the size of my lounge, she grabbed food from cupboards, saucepans from racks and single-handedly prepared a great meal. Seeing I was looking left out, she pointed to a door and said, "Go through there and choose some wine for us."

There must have been a hundred bottles arranged along one wall in that cupboard - if you can call something that'd take twenty people, a cupboard; all great quality and I chose with difficulty. But she approved, expertly uncorked it, and set the glasses alongside plates of food. And we talked, and shared our stories, and I asked about her interest in peeing.

"Oh, well, I grew up on a farm and of course the animals did what we quaintly call 'natural functions' wherever they happened to be. For as long as I can remember I've always liked to pee, and I lost no opportunity to piss in every nook and cranny on the farm and at my friends' houses too. It was quite addictive, they joined in the entertainment and sometimes we wet ourselves for extra fun. My friends caught the bug too; several living around the world still have pissing fun with their partners.

«Altogether there were four of us in the family, Simon who is two years older than me who lives only a few miles down the road, near Telford, with Mary his wife and their three super children." He and Mary also like pee sex and we have occasionally practised together. In fact they have been a great support to me since Tom died. David, my other brother is three and half years younger than me, and Phil my other sister is two years his junior.

«In fact almost the whole extended family is into pee as a source of recreation. It's only unmarried David that doesn't seem to be interested. He must be 27 or 28 now but he's not gay so far as I know. It's just we don't see one another all that much. He is working in Northern Ireland on some engineering project. Phil, is away, working in Brussels; she lives with her boy-friend somewhere on the outskirts and she has superb sex-life from what she tells me on the phone. Actually Karl is a rather dishy guy - I could get quite interested in him if he weren't spoken for. They intend to get married in the spring, much to mum and dad's relief I think.

«There's a long history of sexual exploration in the rural farming community and sex has no real taboos. As older teenagers we enjoyed and explored with one another. I don't think any of my family ever had it off with our friends though we sometimes caught a glimpse of others at it, and we absorbed everything we could find out - accurate or not. But I was over 18 before I saw a full fuck; Leo I knew well and Colette his girl were practising foreplay in the yard of her parent's home. (I guess her mum and dad were out somewhere.) I'd gone over to visit her but all thought of that died as I approached. They were so engrossed in one another I doubt they'd have noticed if the house had caught on fire.

"As they cuddled and touched, she reached out to his trousers and pulled them to the ground. He had light blue underpants on I recall, and I saw how his prick pushed the material into her skirt. Then she pulled down his pants and it jumped free. Stiff, hard and proud, it excited me to see it so different from when he was just taking a pee - I'd been with him several times when he did that - he had a strong stream I remember and I'd washed my hands in it more than once.

«He gently lifted her skirt, and then she moved to lean against an apple tree. It was old and leaning and made a great support for her. They moved closer and I watched as he slid his cock inside her slit and then began to thrust gently at first. And we saw his hands moving inside her blouse as he caressed her nipples. The he undid the fastenings and her lovely tits stood out with their nipples hard and pointed.

After a couple of minutes of his thrusting in and out, in and out, I realised the movements were faster but less controlled. I could feel my vagina tensing and I reached down to my little clit and began to play with it. Then I saw him press deep into her and I heard them both cry out "Yes!" a minute or so later. At the same time I realised that my whole pussy was soaking and throbbing uncontrollably. As I took my hand away from my clit I realised that my panties were wet through.

«It was a revelation to me. Knowing what happened was one thing; seeing it was something different! I was almost overcome with the passion and satisfaction of it. I wanted to try it too; but I had to wait many more months before I got a boyfriend's cock deep inside me. I just peed where I stood, following on from what I'd experienced at their climax; and the flow of my piss must have stimulated my maturing body 'cause I felt new sensations in my loins I'd not had before. But golly, they were something special!

Days later Colette told me what they'd done and then said, «When we walked down the path later, there was a huge stain on the ground, like someone had had a pee there - very puzzling!» I replied, «It was me! I'd come calling and then I saw what you were doing! I got almost as wet as you and I had to let it go or I'd have burst!»

She sighed with relief and said «I thought we might have had an onlooker - I'm so pleased it was only you and I love the fact that you found it such fun. I can stop worrying about mum and dad now!»

*****

«But it wasn't until I got married at 26 that Tom and I discovered the real erotic joy of pissing; on, in, over one another. He was good, really good at that, and he could bring me to a climax just by pissing on my clit. Then he died and my world fell apart. I can't tell you how I've ached to have a man again whom I can trust, share and piss with me.

«Then you came down the road a few times in the past months, didn't you? And peed at the bottom of my garden. I watched your stream from the study window, and felt that old tingling in my loins and you never knew! I didn't know if you would ever be back, but I hoped you would, and here we are!"

"I'm amazed", I answered, "but really have enjoyed it so far; and I'm willing to try anything once!

«So do you want your next lesson yet?»

