Tammy's Visits Again Part 1

16th February 2010, 02:26 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Remember the girl that helped me move that also let me see her piss. Well I had seen her several times after that but not with any more pissing by either of us. It was more of chance meetings saying hello when we saw each other. That was about it.

Now it was the weekend and it was Saturday and I had awoken early but it was raining hard outside along with thunder and lightning. That put the kabosh on my plans which were going to be outside activities for the day. So I went back to bed and fell asleep. I was awoken by a hard rapid series of knocks at my door. So I was only in my boxers and I went out to the livingroom to see whgo was knocking so urgently at my door.

I slid the curtain aside to look to see who was knocking. There was Tammy soaking wet from the rain standng there at my door. So I hurridly opened it and let Tammy inside. I shut the door behind her once she had stepped inside. Your'e soaking wet there girl I said t Tammy. Yeah I was out and got caught by te storm she said back to me. I couldn't get inside either for everyone else is not home. I missed them for they all went out together today. Stupid me too I left my key inside too!

Then seeing I was only wearing just my boxers Tammy said sorry I woke you up. I told her it was ok. Let me get you a towel so you can dry off. Tammy said thank you that would be a big help. So I walked into thekitchen walked over to the bathroom and grabbed a big towel from the rack. I came back out to the living tossed the towel to Tammy and she started drying herself off with it.

Tammy died her hair off along with her exposed skin which was her arms and legs. Tammy was wearing a j8umper with a skirt and top. Her clothes were still soaked from the rain. Look my clothes are still soaked Tammy said to me. Do you have something that I can wear while my clothes dry out? I looked at Tammy thinking about what I had she could wear and I told her I think I do. So I walked into my bedroom and Tammy followed me.

I opened one of my dresser drawers and started rummaging through it. Tammy stood there watching me and she told me she was getting cold. How bout a cup of coffee or tea? I asked her as I pulled out one f my long tshirts from the drawer. A cup of tea would be great! Tammy said to me. I turned put the tshirt up to the front of her to size it up. It would work. It was long enough for it did go down to mid thigh on her.

Here this looks like it will fit you Tammy I said to her. So I handed her the tshirt. Let me go make your cup of tea and you can change while I do that. I started to walk away but Tammy said to me with a hard giggle; You don't have to go you can stay! So I stopped dead in my tracks and spun around fast. That made Tammy giggle harder. Sit down be comfortible while I change Tammy said to me. So I sat right down on my bed.

Now with her clothes being soaking wet Tammy had a hard time getting them off for they stuck to her. It took her several minutes just to get the jumper and skirt off. Now she stood there with just the top on in front of me. She had managed to pull it part way off but it was now stuck with it over her head! It was sure a funny sight to me and I laughed hard seeing Tammy like this struggling to get the top off.

Tammy said to meat this point; Hey I know it must be funny to you right now but I could use some help here if you don't mind! I got up grabbed the two sleeves and yanked hard. With my hard yanking and her helping the top came off in one swift motion which with my hard pulling and its sudden releasing I fell backwards landing hard on my bed. Tammy burst into laughter and I was also laughing hard as I lay on the bed. Serves you right! Tammy said to me. Well I guess I deserved it I said back to her.

Tammy started to put my tshirt on and I was examining her breasts as she did start slipping on the tshirt. Tammy was slim like I had said befire. Her breasts were small but nicely round shaped. Her nipples were big for the size of her breasts. They may have been this way from her being chilled maybe not. Tammy pulled the tshirt down and covered her body with it. Now lets go get that cup of tea! she said to me. Tammy hurried out of the bedroom and I followed her to the kitchen. I got the kettle going on the stove while Tammy got out two cups and spoons.

We sat down at the kitchen table waiting for the water to boil. Tammy asked what was I going to do today. I told her I was going to go bottle digging but the rain has put a end to that. So I'm not sure what I'm going to do now. Well I've got you for comapny so maybe we can do something together instead. Tammy let out a litle laugh and said back to me; Well maybe we can. The water boiled in the ketle and I poured it out in our cups. We sat there talked while we sipped our hot tea.

Then as we neared having finished our tea the sun came out outside. Hey it looks like the storm is over! Tammy said to me. Looks like you can go digging for bottles after all. Maybe we can I said back to Tammy. Let me get dressed I said to her. So we both got up and went into my bedroom. I pulled out a tshirt,a short sleeve shirt and a pair of old cutoff jeans shorts. Hey do you have another pair of cutoffs? Tammy asked me seing that I wa going to wear shorts. I looked in the drawer and I had another pair. I pulled them out and tossed them over to Tammy.

We sat down on the bed together side by side. I put on the tshirt and shirt while Tammy put on the pair of cutoffs. They were real loose on her at the waist. I'm going to need a belt or something to hold these up! Tammy said to me and to prove it she stood up and my cutoffs slid right down to her feet. I laughed and told her I had something that would fix that. Hang on! I said to her/ Laughing Tammy had bent over and started to pull the shorts back up. I'll have to! til you fix them.

I started to put onmy old cut offs and Tammy said wait. I asked her why. Why not go like I am? she said to me with a smile. Like you? I asked her back. Yeah like me! Tammy said back to me and she let the shorts fall down again and she raised the tshirt up letting me see her pussy and she spun around and let me see ehr ass too! Now I knew what she ment so I slid my boxers down with her now giggling staring at my erect cock which was pointed upward proudly!

I pulled my cutoffs on and Tammy had pulled hers backup and we walked out to the kitchen together. I cut of a piece of rope from some rope that I had and gave it to Tammy. Here's your belt. Tammy slid it through the belt loops and tied it off. Now my cutoffs stayed put. I grabbed my small backpack, two small hand shovels, a small hand pick and we were just about ready now. Tammy needed some dry socks which I gave her a pair. She put them on and her still wet sneakers and then we left and went out to my Mustang convertible.

We got in I started it and put the top down. We left for the shrt drive where we were going to dig for bottles. It was a large island in the river where there was a old dump on it at one time. There was a old road that I drove down and when we came to where there was a hill to go down I stopped parked shut the car off and we got out.

We climbed up the embankment and I told Tammy she could dig anywhere. If you dig up a bottle let me look at it to date it or what type it is. Tammy said she would but before we start I have to piss. Good idea! I said back to her so do I. That made her smile. So Tammy untied her rope belt and her cutoffs slid right down to her sneakers. Smiling as I was looking at her pussy Tammy siad to me; Let me get you the same way!

So she hurridly popped the snap yanked my zipper down and my cutoff slid down my legs like hers had done and they were around my sneakers also. Tammy then whispered saying that she wanted to hold my occk while I pissed. So she reached right over and did take a hold of it. I said to Tammy before we started to piss; Hey you can't piss yet. Tammy looked at me witha puzzled look and asked Why not? You'll piss all over your shorts if you do! Tammy took a quick glance down. She saw my cutoffs crumpled up at her sneakers. She giggled a little and then she did slip them entirely off.

Now she was ready to piss and so was I. I had to hold back while she took care of her shorts. As soon as she had my hard erect cock back in hand I started to piss and HARD! We both were standing at the top of the embankmet so my piss stream shot outward in a very long arc came down and hit right at the edge of the road making a big splashas it hit the hard packed cinders and ash that did cover the ground. It turned the grey colored ash and cinders black as my piss wetted the ground.

I let out a soft sigh right away which hearing my soft sigh of relief Tammy giggled slightly for a brief few seconds. I smiled and thought to myself; It sure des feel good to piss plus having Tammy holding me! Tammy stood holding me for about ten seconds and then she squated down to piss never letting go of my cock as she got down into her squat.

Then out of her pussy she had a strong stream of piss shoot out from her pussy. Her piss hit the cinders and ash real hard knocking some loose cinders and ash aside. Like my piss had done the grey ash and cinders turned black from getting wet with piss. Also her piss stream was trickling down the embankment snaking along the surface making a black colored trail in the ash and cinders. It didn't hiss at the very start but after a few seconds her stream emmited a loud hiss which I was enjoying hearing its hissing very much!

I watched Tammy piss and she watched my stream too. Maybe after when we bith had reached halfway in our pissing Tammy spke up. Hey would it be ok for me to leave my shorts off? I told her it would be fine by me. She smiled and tod me she would do that then. A short time later my stream eased up which when it did I made a black trail up the slope of the embankment. Tammy too had her stream ease off for its hissing softened and she was now pissing under her making a black splotch in the cinders and ash.

I in a few more seconds stopped my piss. But Tammy still held my erect cock waiting for me to finish up. I did by letting out three hard spurts of piss in a row and also had some dribble of my cocks head after the last hard spurt had come out. Tammy's fingers got a little wet with my piss as a result of my dribbling. She now finished her piss at this time which she did a lot of dribbling which wetted her entire lower crotch under her pussy. Tammy swtched hands gave my cock a few shakes and she shook her other hand at the same time. From my cock and her fingers of her hand that got wet with piss piss droplets came off from both.

