Don, Mary, His Cell Phone, and a Website

4th March 2013, 01:19 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Don couldn't believe his luck in finding this spot. He sat at a picnic table behind the Physical Sciences building, a table which was almost completely hidden by a grove of trees. Additionally, there were no windows on the building that faced this secluded area, and foot traffic behind the building was always very, very light. It was the perfect place for surfing PeeSearch on his smart phone.

Don would have preferred to be able to do this in his dorm, using his laptop. However, it was rare that he got that chance. He shared the dorm with three other guys, and it was extremely rare that he was there alone. Now he didn't mind looking at main stream porn around his roommates; the rest of them looked at porn too. There was no way, however, that he was going to let them know that he was into pee porn. There was just no way.

So there he was, in this quiet spot that he had found, looking at PeeSearch, he favorite adult piss fetish site, on his Android phone. He started by reading some stories in the Pee Stories forum, and soon found himself rubbing his dick through his jeans. He did, at one point, stop rubbing himself, as he heard some students chatting as they were walking not so far away. Realizing that there was no way that they could see him, he convinced himself that he really was well hidden in this location, and unzipped jeans and let his cock free.

He continued to read while stroking his dick, but it wasn't long until there were no more new stories for him to read. He then clicked on the "Galleries" tab, and started to download some new video clips that had been posted.

He turned the volume down fairly low, and started to watch the first clip, his dick still in his hand. It was a great clip, with one hot girl showering another's tits, then giving her a nice drink of piss. It ended all too quickly for Don, as they always did, and he went back to the Galleries page to download a new clip.

He almost jumped clear off of the bench when he heard a female voice behind him ask "Mind if I join you?"

###

Mary was pissed off. She had been drinking a lot of water all morning, and avoiding the bathrooms, looking forward to her familiar ritual. Every Tuesday and Thursday, after her chemistry class had finished, she would sit on one of the benches at the picnic table she had discovered last year, pull up her skirt, and piss her panties

. Sometime during the piss she would start fingering herself, and continue until she exploded in an orgasm. She had been excited all day, getting a little wet at times, thinking about it. She loved Tuesdays and Thursdays.

Her glee had quickly turned to anger when she walked through the trees toward the table and saw some asshole sitting at the table playing with his phone. "Shit," she thought. She contemplated her next move. She could go back into the building, go to the ladies room, and sit and wet her panties while on the toilet. While this would be okay, Mary really was disappointed that she wouldn't be able to wet herself in her usual spot.

She really enjoyed the fact that this location was outside. It gave her a sense of being bold and daring. The fact that it was so well hidden, however, made it unlikely that she would be caught. It was perfect. But, obviously, it wasn't going to work out today.

As she was about to turn away, she made a series of realizations. First, she realized that she knew the guy at the table. It was Don, whom she knew from her poli sci class. Don was tall and fit, with brown hair and these beautiful green eyes, a guy that she thought was pretty hot. In fact, they had flirted with each other in class a couple of times.

Her next realization was that he was watching porn. She saw that he was stroking his dick, and could hear some soft moaning sounds coming from his phone. She giggled quietly to herself, and was about to make a silent exit, when she noticed a sudden change on the phone's display. She correctly figured that the video clip that he was watching had just finished.

A curious glance at the screen lead to a stare. She thought that she recognized the website design, and, when he scrolled up to the top, her suspicions were confirmed. "Holy fuck!" she thought, "he's on PeeSearch!"

"Mind if I join you?" she asked. She couldn't help but laugh at his reaction, as he jumped up, dropped his phone, and tried, unsuccessfully, to zip up his pants.

###

"Relax," she giggled, trying to calm him down. "What's your username?"

"W ... What?" Don asked. He couldn't believe that he had been caught. To add to his embarrassment, not only was it a girl who had caught him, it was a girl he knew. He had flirted with Mary before, hoping to one day get together with the pretty blonde. He was sure that he had blown all chances of that happening.

"Your username. What's your username?" She asked again.

"Oh," said a still flustered Don. "It's, uh, donald.w ..."

Mary laughed. "No, not your university email address, your PeeSearch username!"

It was no wonder that Mary was laughing at Don. There he was, red faced, his dick still hanging out of his zipper, and he had the most perplexed look on his face. As he was still struggling to figure out what was going on, Mary decided to help him out.

She extended her hand and said, "Hi! I'm mysoakedpanties. And you are ...?"

The light bulb went off in Don's head. He knew that name. He had read, enjoyed, and replied to several of her stories, and had also seen and replied to some pics and video clips of her wetting herself in the Members galleries. "No shit! You're mysoakedpanties!? Wow, Mary, I had no idea! I love your stuff! Oh, and I'm pissviewer," he said, shaking her hand.

"Cool, your pissviewer! Your comment on my latest clip was so sweet!"

Don, amazed, but more comfortable than he had been seconds earlier, laughed. "You know, not every woman would classify 'I want to clamp my mouth on your mound and suck that piss out of your panties' as 'sweet'".

Mary giggled. "Yeah, probably not, but I appreciated it." She thought a second, trying to remember some of pissviewer's posts, and realized that, like her, all of his piss fun had been solo. "Hey, you've never actually seen a girl piss herself, right? Would you like to change that? After all, that's the reason I'm here"

"What? Oh hell yes!" he replied. "So do you do this often?"

"Yeah, I come here a couple of times a week. In fact, some of the clips that you've commented on were filmed at this very spot. Come on, sit back down and have a look."

She sat down on the bench, spread her legs, and pulled up her skirt so that it wouldn't get wet. Don sat right beside her, his dick becoming erect again at the thought of what he was about to see. She saw it, smiled, wrapped her fingers around it, and gently started to stroke it. At the same time she placed her other hand on top of his, and moved his hand to the top of her panties. Taking the hint he slipped his hand inside her panties, and started to finger her.

Mary was amazed at good this felt. All of the guys that she had ever been with had no clue what to do with their hands when it came to her pussy. Don, however, was different, and was working her pussy almost as effectively as she did herself. That, combined with the excitement that she was about to share her fetish with someone else for the first time, was really turning her on.

As soon as Mary knew that she was on the verge of cumming, she released her bladder. The combined feelings of Don fingering her and her hot piss rushing out and pooling against her as his hand, her panties, and the bench held some back, was too much, and she exploded in orgasm.

She let out a load moan or two - unusual, as she had always been able to cum quietly so as not to draw attention to her herself - before gaining some modicum of control, biting her lip to keep quiet.

Don was almost in pain as her hand tightly grabbed his cock during her orgasm, squeezing it as she was cumming. Still, he was in heaven. The feeling of her piss soaking his hand, the sight of piss flowing out of her panties, and the sound of it running off of the bench and splattering on the ground, was all incredibly exciting. There was no way he could hold himself back, and several squirts of cum erupted from his dick.

It took Mary a few moments to regain composure after she finally came off of her orgasm. Her first thought was to look around and make sure that no one had heard them. Fortunately it appeared that no one had been walking by at the time. Then she assessed the situation. Don was just removing his hand from panties, and her own hand was covered with some of his semen. It turned her on to see Don licking droplets of her piss from his hand, causing her to decide to lick his cum off of her hand.

As amazing as this was, she found herself wanting more. "Let's go finish this somewhere else," she told Don.

Don, too, wanted more. "Okay, but where can we go? My dorm's out, as I have three roommates, and there's always someone there."

"It's cool, I only have one roommate, and she's in class right now, then she works as a tutor. She won't be home for hours."

They stood up, straightened themselves out, and took off for her dorm. He held her hand as she led the way. The two of them wanted to talk about what had just happened, about PeeSearch, and about their fantasies, but soon were walking among large crowds of students heading to class, lunch, the parking lots, or the dorms. Instead they talked about their poli sci class, but the conversation was awkward, as their minds were elsewhere. It was a short walk to her dorm, but it seemed to take forever.

As soon as they entered her dorm they were on each other immediately, passionately kissing each other as they made their way toward her bedroom. He laid her down on her bed, then moved his way down her body, lifting the front of her skirt to reveal her soaked white cotton panties.

He loved the sight of her pussy, made visible through the wet fabric. As he had dreamed of doing when he had watched some of her video clips, her clamped his mouth over her pussy, and started to suck the piss out of her panties. Having just recently relieved herself, Mary's bladder wasn't anywhere near full, but, since she had been drinking large quantities of water all morning, she new it wouldn't be completely empty either. She relaxed and let whatever urine she had in her bladder flow into her panties.

Don had not expected to feel fresh, hot piss soaking into Mary's panties, but it was an extremely pleasant surprise. He sucked hard on her panties, enjoying the taste of her clear pee, but her flow stopped way too soon. He then pulled her panties aside, and ran his tongue up and down on her slit. He soon started to lick and suck on her clit.

Mary gasped as he started to eat her pussy. Not only did he have the most talented fingers of any guy she had ever been with, he also had the most talented tongue. She grabbed the back of head and pulled his face closer, reveling in the sensations he was giving her.

As his tongue was still working on her pussy, Tom reached up with his hands and unbuttoned her blouse. Placing his hands on her bra, he was relieved to find that it had a front clasp. He unclasped it, and started massaging her naked breasts as he ate her.

When Don started to pinch her nipples, that sensation, combined with the sensations his tongue was creating, proved to be too much for Mary, and she came hard.

Don had felt her body tense, and knew that she was cumming as her body started to quiver. He enjoyed lapping her fluids as his tongue licked her pussy, and he continued to play with her breasts. He could feel her pulling him towards her as she started to come off of her orgasm, and he moved up her body in compliance.

She grabbed his face with her hands, and gave him a passionate kiss. The taste of her juices on his lips turned her on even more, and, breaking off the kiss, she whispered to him, "I want you to fuck me!"

"Of course," he replied, "but first I need to piss."

"And? Why should that slow things down?" she asked.

He smiled. "Where do you want it?"

She thought for a second, excited that she was about to receive her first golden shower. "My tits. Shower my tits."

He aimed his dick at her tits, but nothing came out. "Relax," she told him. "Close your eyes, pretend that you're all alone."

He did as he was told. Relaxing, with his eyes closed, he imagined being alone in a meadow, desperate to piss. It worked, as a strong jet of piss soon erupted from his dick.

Mary gasped as the strong jet hit her tits. The hot piss felt amazing as it streamed against her hard nipples. She loved this sensation, but remembered a recommendation from some of the women on PeeSearch. "Piss on my clit," she told him.

At this, Don opened his eyes, and saw Mary laying there, spreading her pussy lips with her fingers. Don aimed his stream at her exposed clit.

"Oh god!" she exclaimed. "They were right," she thought, "it does feel electric!" She was on the verge of another orgasm as his stream came to an end.

As soon as he finished pissing, Don gently slid his dick into her pussy. "Hard," she told him, "fuck me hard!"

Don started to thrusts his dick in and out of her pussy with increasing speed. Mary, who was used to cumming quietly, was screaming with each thrust, her fingernails digging into Don's back as he fucked her. She quickly started to cum again, her body shaking as she entered her third orgasm of the day.

As soon as she came off her orgasm Don whispered, "Oh god, I'm going to cum!"

"Cum in my mouth!" she told him.

Don quickly pulled out, she grabbed his cock, and guided it into her mouth. As soon as he felt her warm mouth around his dick a large spurt of cum erupted from it, hitting the back of her throat. She sucked on his dick, milking it, tasting his cum until he was finished. As soon as he was done he laid down next to her, and held her on her soaking wet bed.

It was at least half an hour before either of them moved, when Mary got up and walked to the kitchen. "Hey, where are you going?" Don asked.

Mary walked back into the bedroom holding two very large cups of water. "Here, drink up," she told him. "My roommate won't be home for several hours, we have time for another round."

