Kirsty's nude pee

25th September 2005, 02:57 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Continued from "Kirsty lends a hand"...

We lay on the bathroom rug breathing heavily, then looked at each other and laughed. Kirtsy's flushed face was dripping with sweat and pee, and her belly and boobs were wet and splashed with telltale white splodges. I was wet myself from hugging Kirsty, and the general splashing we got up to.

"I could lie here forever..." said Kirsty with a sigh, running her finger down my nose.

But, to break the spell, there was a loud knocking on the door. "Hurry up, there's a queue out here!" shouted a male voice. Kirsty giggled quietly, so I replied "OK I'll be out soon." Then whispered to Kirsty "I guess we'd better clean ourselves up, don't want to go out smelling of pee and cum..."

Actually the pee hardly smelled at all - we'd been drinking so much it smelled more of beer/whisky/coke etc than anything. But to be on the safe side, Kirsty filled the basin with water, picked up her top from the floor, while I took my T-shirt and we put them in the basin to soak for a minute. Kirsty turned to me and I looked at her. My copious cum was starting to slide down her wet front and was in danger of dripping on to her Jeans, which were still round her ankles.

"Here, let me clean you up Kirst" I said, and grabbed a sponge by the basin. After running it under warm water I pressed it to Kirsty's belly and started sliding it over her bod. Man, this was erotic.... I cleaned her crotch and her tummy, then moved up to her boobs, still encased in her white cotton bra. She looked at me intently, then put her hands her hands behind her back, undid the clasp, moved the straps to one side and let let her bra drop. Exquisite. She looked like some beautiful sculpture. But she was real. And - for the moment at least - she was mine.

I rubbed the sponge over her orbs, the nipples still pufffy with arousal, then, after rinsing the sponge, cleaned her face.

There was another loud knock at the door. "COME ON!!!" said the voice.

"I guess we'd better make a move" said Kirsty sadly. "We'll have to wring these clothes out as best we can and wear them a bit wet."

"I've got a better idea. Put your bra back on and grab the clothes." I said. Outside the bathroom window there was a small roof you could get onto where the kitchen downstairs had been extended. First, I very carefully and quietly unbolted the bathroom lock, then grabbed some beers from the bath - it was beng used to keep drinks cool (every so often, Dave would come up and add ice to the bath), then lifted up the venetian blind at the window and pulled up on the old fashioned sash window, which was already cracked open to let the fresh air in.

"Lets have some fun Kirst". She held the clothes to her chest and climbed out of the window onto the roof. I followed, then lowered the window back to it's original place.

We sat on the roof and tried to hide our giggles as the banging and shouting outside the bathroom door got louder and more frequent. Eventually, after another 5 minutes we heard the door fly open and someone almost fall in.

"What the fuck?...." said the man as he looked round the empty room.

Kirsty almost laughed out loud. "Let me see" she said and stood up with her face to the window. Fortunately you could see in through the gaps in the blind, but no-one could see us, outside in the dark.

"He's peeing!" whispered Kirsty loudly with a smile. "Careful, he'll hear you!" I whispered back.

There followed a succesion of people in the bathroom - it was like our own live movie! Lads peeing, girls peeing. Several times we saw couples come in, snogging madly and fumbling with each others clothes. Two couples played watersports, one pair peeing with each other into the bath! I wonder if the next person to grab a drink knew! A couple had quickie sex, pounding each other up against the wall.

After a while we both sat down again on the roof facing each other supping our beers. We talked for ages and kissed and caressed. It was like a dream. But eventually the warm summer night air started to chill a little. Kirsty only had her bra on top and I saw her skin start to goosebump as she had a shiver.

"I'm feeling a bit cold Matt, and besides, I need to pee again."

"Pee on me. Please Kirsty" I asked. I lay back on the roof as Kirsty looked at me and laughed.

"You're just kinky!" she said. She looked round to see if anyone could see. Fortunately the roof was almost invisible to nearby houses as it was in the recessed bit of the "L" shaped terraced house. She looked to see if there was anyone in the garden to see. Everyone was now inside, so the coast was clear. She pushed the bathroom window down as far as it would go - without shutting us out - so any loo-users would be less likely to notice us.

"Well because it's you...." she said, and slid her Jeans and panties down and stepped out of them.

"Can you take your bra off too Kirst?, I want to see you naked"

"OK kinkyboy" she replied huskily " but only if you are too"

I stood up imediately and lowered my jeans and underpants. As I stood up, my dick sprang out, and slowly started twitching skyward as I anticipated my golden shower.

Kirsty watched with eyes like saucers. "Wow, it must be fun having one of those!" She reached forward and wrapped her hand lovingly around it, moving it slowly back and forth. Soon it was as straight, stiff and big as I had ever known it.

Kirsty looked at me and licked her lips. "I'd love that inside me..."

"Bra, Kirsty" I reminded her.

She reached back and slid it off as I lay back on the roof. Then she squatted over my chest, this exquisite - and now entirely naked - angel.

"Here goes Niagara" she said as a forecful spray hit my chest. She aimed it up until it hit my mouth. "Drink, Slave!" she laughed.

I opened my mouth. It was like drinking warm champagne! Just a faint taste, more like slightly salty beer than anything

Then she moved down my body, chest, belly, until she was spraying my erect penis. She reached down and carresed it, then held it upright as her stream hit it. Then, without warning, she lowered herself down on me while she continued to empty her straining bladder. I slid into her as her urine streamed passed my cock and onto my balls. What a feeling!

"Cum inside me!" she panted, and started rocking her hips back and forth as her pee stream slowed.

Because I'd already cum that evening, it took me longer to climax, and Kirsty beat me too it this time, rubbing her clitoris furiously as she came. Finally I jetted my seed into her, and she flopped forward onto me, kissing my pee soaked face.

We lay there for a few moments, but then the cold air really started to kick in. We were naked, and wet - not a good combination for a cooling night! So eventually we picked up our clothes and climbed inside. We'd put our tops on the outside sill and they were more or less dry now. We used one of Dave's towels to dry off, got dressed, and quietly stepped out of the bathroom as someone passed us on the way in.

We got a few odd looks as we went downstairs. "Where did those two disappear to?" we heard someone say.

Finally we got back to the lounge.

"Kirsty, where've you been?!" squealed Tracy "We thought we'd lost you!"

"I'll see you outside in five" Kirsty whipered in my ear "Call a cab, lets go back to my place"

Kirsty walked back to her friends. "I've just met the most amazing guy" she told them "I think he may be the one".

I hope...I hope..

