The continuing story of Kryssie: Kryssie and Suzy

3rd June 2010, 01:42 AM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Kryssie was singing slightly as she made her to class, memories of her last date with Chris made her smile and a delicious tingle spread through her body as she thought about their wet fun~! Of course the fact that she had been holding most of the morning helped, as having a nicely full bladder always made her horny. She remembered the events of the previous day and half wished she had Dr Read's class as her last class of the day again, but sadly she did not. Still she finished earlier today as she had one class less. Kryssie entered her last class and listened idly as the lecturer droned on. A good student, today she was just not concentrating. Luckily time seemed to whiz by and as she heard the last bell, she got up quickly and walked out.

Outside in the grounds she smiled up at the sunshine, and was about to move on when she heard someone close behind her. She turned, and the person following almost collided with her. She put out a hand to steady, and was surprised to see it was Suzy~! "Suzy?" she said, startled. "What's the matter? Does Dr Read need to see me again?" she asked.

Suzy pushed back her spectacles absently. "No-no, he's not here today, some conference... "She stammered in her sweet slightly breathless voice. Then she stopped and looked at Kryssie, her cheeks reddening. "I - I - I n-n-needed to speak to you..." she said started slow and finishing fast, words coming in a rush.

Confused, Kryssie looked at Suzy. She looked so nervous. "Well of course, Suzy, " she said gently and kindly. "What's up?"

Suzy looked around and reddened again. "C-c-can we talk somewhere... somewhere quiet?" she asked, her eyes big and pleading.

Kryssie frowned a little even more confused. "Well of course, Suzy. Hey I was on my way to my little flat, wanna come with? We can chat there and I make tea...or coffee..." Kryssie offered. She had hoped to have some fun but it was obvious Suzy was n a state. Although they were not close friends, Kryssie liked Suzy and Suzy had helped her with her work occasionally.~! so she offered good naturedly and Suzy nodded happily, and walked silently with her.

Once inside Suzy sat on the couch and waited till Kryssie made the tea and then sat opposite her in the only armchair. Kryssie carefully set the tray down and Suzy helped herself to milk and sugar. Then she sat back, leaving her cup and saucer on the table as her hands were shaking. She knew what she wanted to say but was worried how to come out with it.

Kryssie sipped her hot tea and waited, surreptitiously watching Suzy. After a few awkward minutes Suzy looked at her, pushed back her glasses, then blurted out "I need your help to...to s-s-s-seduce someone"

Kryssie almost choked on her tea, set her cup down and looked at Suzy."I beg your pardon?"

Suzy gained courage and although her cheeks reddened again she said quite firmly. "I need to know how to be seductive, and you can help me. Please?" She said the last word so passionately Kryssie smiled.

"ME?" Kryssie said. "Wow~! Well thank you, I never thought of myself as seductive, but hey. Yeah, of course, I can show you how to dress sexy and that sort of thing..." and she leapt up, telling Suzy to stand up. Suzy stood and Kryssie circled her like a vulture circling a carcass, eye narrowed. She was surprised to note just how nice Suzy's figure was. She was tall, taller than Kryssie, but not freakishly so, with long legs. She lifted Suzy's calf length skirt, brushing away Suzy's embarrassed hands with a "tut-tut". Hot damn, the girl had lovely legs, and Kryssie even felt a stab of jealousy. Long, shapely and lean, her legs were gorgeous.

Too pale of course, but oh so sexy. She had an athletic figure, small hips, slender waist and small but nice firm breasts, at least what Kryssie could see through the cotton bra she wore. She then peered again at Suzy paying attention to the high cheek bones, the fine regal nose, her small but shapely lips and straight even teeth. She had the most gorgeous blue eyes hidden behind her thick glasses, and lovely straight white blonde hair. Yes, all in all Suzy was hot, she just hid behind her old fashioned clothes and shy demeanour. "How much money do you have?" Kryssie demanded of her. Suzy frowned.

"I have quite a lot I hardly use the money my parents send and I get paid as a teacher's assistant...why?" she asked. She was more than a little concerned at the gleam in Kryssie's eyes.

"And you trust me?" Kryssie asked as Suzy nodded nervously. All thoughts of fun forgotten momentarily, Kryssie pushed Suzy out the door. The rest of the day passed in a whirlwind. Kryssie got Suzy's hair styled so it hung shorter, but loose, layers giving it body and softening it around her oval face, she helped her try on and buy make up, showing her how to use pale blues, mauves and greens to complement her bright blue eyes, and how mascara could darken her lashes to frame her eyes. They discovered that deep reds and pale pinks suited her lips.

Kryssie took her shopping for tight jeans, clinging tops, short skirts that fell mid thigh and accentuated her waist, and blouses with waistcoats that emphasised her slim waist. She showed Suzy how push up bras would make her cleavage bigger, and soft cups would mould them under tight tops. She persuaded Suzy to buy sexy panties, and stockings rather than tights. They chose flat shoes and delicate heels, and laughed. Finally Kryssie got Suzy trial contact lenses and they stopped for coffee, exhausted. In the five hours they had shopped they had bonded and Suzy relaxed enough to show her quick wit and sparkling intellect. Kryssie was surprised to think she had made a new friend. She had only a few friends, many acquaintances, but a few real friends, people she would do anything for and vice versa. And now she had Suzy.

On the way home Kryssie almost doubled up as her bladder reminded her she needed to go, that she had not been almost all day. Damn. She looked back and then forward. Almost half way home, and unlikely to make it either way. She looked sideways at Suzy. Apart from Chris nobody but nobody knew of her secret passion for holding and for pee play. Hell she had barely realised it herself and was still exploring it all. But now she needed to go. She looked around and saw ahead a small clearing with some bushes. That would have to do.

As they made their way to it she turned to Suzy. "Suze, I am sorry I should have gone at the Mall, but, well I was carried away helping you and I will not make it home... I will have to go in those bushes, will you help cover me?" she was embarrassed to ask, and she saw the surprise in Suzy's eyes, but she agreed. In fact the moment Kryssie had asked her, Suzy had remembered watching her wet herself in Dr Read's office, and how Dr Read had reacted to her accident. She concluded that Kryssie had a weak bladder, but she also hoped she might be able to get the courage to ask her some more questions about what she had seen yesterday.

Kryssie was so glad she wore a denim skirt not her favourite jeans, as she squatted behind the bushes, Suzy's back to her, helping hide her, her skirt up at her waist, she pulled her panties to one side, used the fingers of her one hand to hold open her pussy lips, and let go. Gosh it came out in a long hissy stream, squirting a couple of feet ahead of her, and despite her best efforts, she could not stop a sigh escaping as she let go. She peed for ages, enjoying herself immensely, until her stream waned and she shook herself dry, slid her panties back into place, sliding her finger between her pussy lips as she did so, then quickly sucking her finger clean. Then she stood, smoothing down her skirt.

As they walked the rest of the way Kryssie wondered if she had offended Suzy as she was so silent all the way home. She hoped not, as she really liked her. As they got to her flat she asked Suzy if she wanted to come in and share left over pizza and some wine. She half expected Suzy to say no, but was pleasantly surprised when she eagerly agreed.

Inside Kryssie made tea again as it was yet too early to eat, while Suzy opened some wine. She watched Kryssie out the corner of her eye, wondering how to broach the subject she needed to, and decided to do it after some wine. So the girls had tea, and then some wine. And they chatted. Kryssie spoke glowingly about Chris and tried to learn who Suzy wanted to seduce but she was not telling... not yet anyway. They opened a second bottle, giggling a little as they did so, neither being drinkers the wine was going to their heads. During the second bottle, Suzy gathered her courage, as the two girls were sat on the floor, cross legged. She looked at Kryssie, then blurted out "Kryssie..." she swallowed. "I have something to confess..."

"Yes?" Kryssie said smiling widely wondering what was about to be shared.

"Yesterday..." Suzy started, stopped then finished in a rush. " I saw you in Dr Read's office... I was in the file room..."

Kryssie almost dropped her glass. She gulped another huge gulp of wine, and felt her cheeks flush. "did ... did you see .. everything?" She asked, swallowing hard.

Suzy saw Kryssie's embarrassment and cursed herself for her awkwardness. Damn. Well nothing for it but to push on now. "Yes, I did," she said softly. Kryssie looked down and her eyes glistened. Suzy leaned forward. She needed Kryssie not to be embarrassed as she had so much still to ask. She put her hand under Kryssie's chin and lifted Kryssie's eyes to hers. "No please don't be embarrassed. I could not hear very well, but I assume it was an accident. It's just.. well... I wanted to..."

Kryssie pulled away a little. "Wanted to what? Why would you even tell me what you saw if not to embarrass me?" she asked a little sharply.

Suzy flinched. Damn this was hard. She had almost no friends and today she had felt Suzy was becoming a really close friend. She bit her lip. Trouble was, she had opened this up, so now she had to finish it, leaving it would be worse. She sighed. Well the worst that could happen would be Kryssie would never want anything more to do with her. she looked down. "Kryssie, " she said softly. "I ask because... well, the man I like, I found out he likes it when a girl well... when she ... when she has an accident like that!" She held her breath.

Kryssie nearly fell over when Suzy spoke. She had thought she was mad, then she had found Chris, and was delighted he liked the same weird pee related play. Now here was Suzy, a newly made friend, telling her she was sweet on a man with a similar passion. She was delighted and surprised and amazed. She wondered briefly how many people out there liked pee play. She raised her eyes and saw the anxiety in Suzy's face. "Really?" she asked.

"Y-y-yes," Suzy said nervously, glad Kryssie had not yet run away.

Kryssie looked at her for a long time and Suzy held her breath. "Well what do you want to know?"

"Well," Suzy started, "You seem to have a weak bladder, but I don't, but I guess, well, I need to know how to let go. Thought you would help me learn about all this. maybe we could even Google it?"

Kryssie giggled. "Google it? Why I never thought of that. Well, my dear new friend you are a surprising one. So you plan to wet yourself for this man do you?"

"Yes," Suzy said with determination. "I will make it look like an accident

...if I can..."

"Well guess what Suze? Mine was NOT an accident

!" Kryssie confessed and Suzy's eyes opened.

"It wasn't? You wet yourself deliberately? Why would you? was it because Dr Read made you angry?"

"Oh no," Kryssie said. And now that she had confessed she found herself explaining to Suzy how she had found out by accident at a party a couple of weeks ago, that having a full bladder enhanced her sexual feelings and made her horny. She told how Chris had been watching and how they had met, and about their date the night before. She tried to explain how erotic pee was for her, and how much she loved holding, how nice it had felt to wet her jeans, and how orgasmic it felt when Chris's pee rained on her skin. Suzy listened intently, sipping more wine, pouring Kryssie more into her glass, neither noticing that they were now on their third bottle. When she had finished Kryssie looked at Suzy.

Suzy's eyes shone as much from the wine as from listening to Kryssie's erotic tale. She felt quite tingly herself, and she needed pee. She got up a little unsteadily. "Where are you going?" Kryssie asked.

"To the toilet, it's through here, right?" Suzy said, slurring slightly. Kryssie jumped up, grabbing Suzy's hand.

"Oh no, no you don't" she said firmly, slowly pushing Suzy back down to the floor. Suzy looked up confused. "You my dear girl, are going to hold, and then learn to wet yourself..." she said with glee. Suzy paled.

"Now?" she asked. "Oh no, I could not..."

"Oh yes you can," Kryssie said with relish as she walked to the bathroom and came back with her thickest thirstiest towels. Suzy watched as Kryssie folded the towels then made her lift up as she slid one beneath her and sat herself back down on the other. She had also fetched a jug of water and now she made Suzy drink a glass of water down and then sip more wine. Suzy felt another strange tingle inside her and complied. They chatted again, discussing music and class, and even what they hoped to do when they graduated university. As the jug emptied and the third bottle of wine was finished, Suzy began to fidget.

"I am sorry, Kryssie," she said, I just can't hold... and I am not ready to wet myself..." Suzy blurted out in almost panic. Kryssie giggled, and put her hand on Suzy's leg so she could not get up.

"You can too hold, and the only way I will let you go is through those demure cotton panties of yours..."Kryssie said firmly. Suzy sat back, her own skirt riding up a little more. She relaxed a bit, nervous, but also half excited. This is what she had wanted to learn, after all. Then she leaned forward a small frown on her face.

"But it hurts," she said with a squeal.

"Yes," Kryssie agreed, "it does, but you can hold longer, you just need to relax. Give in to the pleasant feeling of being full..." Kryssie said with confidence. Suzy looked at her.

"How? How do I relax, Kryssie?"

Kryssie looked at her friend. She could herself feel the effects of the wine, the tea and the water. And she could see Suzy was nervous. "Take off your skirt," she said. Suzy blinked.

"What?" she asked bemusedly.

"I need to massage your tummy," Kryssie said "and I cannot do that if I cannot see it properly..." She helped Suzy stand, unzip and step out of her skirt, then sit again in her demure white cotton hipster panties. "See? I'll do the same..."Kryssie assured Suzy as she kicked away her own skirt and sat again in her sexy lacy pink panties. The looked at each other and giggled. But soon Suzy squirmed again, grunting, and Kryssie made her lean back slightly as she put gentle pressure on her lower abdomen.

At first the pressure from Kryssie's hand made her feel even more uncomfortable but as she moved her hand in soft slow circles, she felt something else, a warm tingly sensation that replaced her discomfort. She lay back even more and closed her eyes. She felt her nipples hardening, but was numb enough from the wine not to be embarrassed. She moaned softly. "It feels kinda good, doesn't it?" Kryssie said softly, her face close enough for Suzy to feel her breath on her skin. She opened her eyes and found Kryssie's eyes on her.

"Yes," she breathed slowly, her eyes not leaving Kryssie's face. Kryssie felt heat spread across her cheeks even as she felt a similar heat spread through her lower abdomen and tingle deep inside. Damn she never thought watching someone else hold would be so hot. She and Chris had not really done this, not so close. She wondered if the wine was at fault but decided it only played a role, and was not the real reason she was turned on. She knew she was not a lesbian, but this was hot. She was enjoying the effect her hand was having on Suzy, and as she moved again she allowed her little finger so slide lower, just gliding over the beginning of Suzy's slit through her cotton patnies. Suzy did not have rounded puffy pussy lips like her, she had a flat pussy with smaller lips, and Kryssie dropped her gaze to see the lips outlined by the thin cotton as her hand rubbed and massaged. Suzy's breath was coming harder now and she looked up again and saw a slightly unfocussed look in Suzy's eyes.

She moved closer, pulling Suzy's legs apart so she half-sat half-lay with her legs straight, splayed, and Kryssie knelt between her legs in front of her. Kryssie removed her warm hand from Suzy's lover abdomen, and slowly took off her top, throwing it to one side. She encouraged Suzy to take off her own white cotton shirt. Kryssie had never been attracted to a woman again, and she knew it was the holding and desperation she was experiencing and watching that was the trigger, but when Suzy took off her shirt, she reached out and cupped Suzy's small firm breasts through her bra. She heard Suzy sigh, felt her nipples harden, and reached behind to unclasp the bra. She watched as the bra came off and Suzy helped her extricate her arms.

Kryssie looked at Suzy's small, rounded, white breasts with surprising large brown nipples. Suzy reached out and unclasped Kryssie's own bra, and Kryssie's large, rounded breasts bobbed free, heavy and firm, her small rosy nipples hard. Kryssie looked down and saw Suzy's hands cup her breasts, her thumbs finding her nipples. She looked up in surprise and saw her own surprise and pleasure mirrored in Suzy's eyes. Her hands found Suzy's breasts and Suzy groaned. Kryssie bent her head and her mouth found Suzy's large nipple and she sucked softly. She was amazed at how her instincts were leading her. She had never even been naked with a woman before except in gym class in school, let alone done this. But here she was now, sucking as if she had done this all her life.

Suzy leaned back. She could not believe she was doing this, but she was, and damn it felt good. She closed her eyes as Kryssie's tongue rolled over her nipple, and she sighed in pleasure. Her bladder was full but now it was feeling tingly and warm, not sore. Her own hands found Kryssie's lovely big breasts again, and she was amazed at how good they felt in her hands. Kryssie lifted her tongue from Suzy's breast and her mouth found Suzy's soft lips. She groaned as Suzy's tongue found hers and her breasts squashed against Suzy's. They kissed for what seemed like ages before her one hand moved down to Suzy's crotch, rubbing softly, feeling Suzy's heat and wetness as she massaged and rubbed. She pushed Suzy down flat and her head moved down, leaving a hot wet trail from her tongue.

She nuzzled Suzy's groin through the soft thin cotton, breathing in her scent, feeling her wetness through the fabric. She sucked softly on the wet fabric, sucking Suzy's pusy lips through the cotton. then she blew her hot breath over the cotton, wetted now as much by her mouth as by Suzy's desire. She groaned as Suzy moaned, and she pushed the wet cotton aside as her mouth found Suzy's pussy. She was surprised to find Suzy waxed, and her skin was smooth against her tongue, with just a small strip of dark blonde hair right above the slit of those sweet small pussy lips. She placed her mouth over the slit of those lips and blew, her breath pushing through the closed lips and making Suzy's skin break out in goosebumps. Then her tongue followed her breath, as she softly gently licked, tracing this groove between the lips. She had never tasted a woman before and she paused, wondering if she would like it.

Then she let her tongue slide between the lips, tasting, as Suzy writhed against her. She stopped to taste, liking the sweet musky taste that was so different from how Chris tasted. She used her hands to open the lips and let her tongue glide along the wet slipperiness of Suzy's core. she found Suzy's hardened clit and she sucked it softly, feeling moisture seeping from Suzy as she did so. She allowed her tongue to slide deep inside Suzy, who groaned again and ground herself into Kryssie's face. Kryssie returned her tongue to Suzy's clit as she allowed first one then two fingers to slide inside Suzy. Her fingers slid deep with no resistance and she realised that despite being shy, Suzy was no virgin.

She continued with her tongue and fingers for a while, then got up and went into her room returning with her vibrator. She slid it first into her own mouth, then inside Suzy, as deep as it would go, turning it on to high as she did do. Her mouth again found Suzy's clit and as her one hand pleasured her with the vibrator, the other played with her breasts and her tongue flicked and rolled and sucked her clit. She felt and tasted Suzy's increasing wetness on her tongue, as Suzy moved her hips in circles and her breathing became laboured.

Kryssie was fascinated, watching the wetness of Suzy's pussy, how pink her flesh got as her excitement grew, how much hotter she felt there, and how much muskier her scent became. She wondered if she looked like this when Chris did this to her. She could tell Suzy was on the brink of orgasm, and her hand left Suzy's breast and found her own tight wet hot opening as she continued sucking and licking the juices sliding from around the vibrator in Suzy's pussy.

Suddenly Suzy half sat and pushed at Kryssie's head. Kryssie Looked up, startled. Suzy looked at her, stricken. "Sorry, Krys, I am gonna cum, and..." her voice trailed off. Kryssie nodded, remembering her embarrassment when she had had to tell Chris the same thing when they first met. Kryssie gently pushed her hand away, looked her earnestly in the eye, and said "let it go, Suze, just let it go... all of it... its fine... I want you too..." Suzy's eyes widened, then as she saw the truth in Kryssie's eyes, she lay back. Closed her eyes again and allowed Kryssie to continue.

Kryssie returned to Suzy's sopping wet pussy and her tongue again found the clit as she moved the vibrator in and out. Moments later she saw Suzy's thigh muscles tense, heard her breathing rasp as she started to shake her head from side to side and murmur, and knew she was about to cum. As Suzy's orgasm hit, first she squirted her cum, which Kryssie instinctively caught and swallowed. Then as her body spasmed, and Kryssie slid the vibrator out, she saw the golden liquid that was Suzy's pee flow from her.

She opened the pussy lips and watched it push from her small pee hole, as it gushed on her chest and chin, as some splashed in her mouth and was swallowed. Suzy's bladder had been full, and she soaked the thick towels before she spasmed again, grunting, and then relaxed. Kryssie watched her relax, as she rubbed the lovely warm pee all over her chest and breasts, rubbed her panty clad pussy against the warm soaking towel. After what seemed ages Suzy opened her eyes and looked at Kryssie, her face serene, soft, and content. "Oh wow. Oh wow, Kryssie that... that was awesome..." she said shakily and Kryssie giggled and nodded.

"Best way to orgasm, isn't it?" she agreed, her own hands rubbing her own crotch. Suzy saw her hands move and smiled.

"Need some help?" she asked. Kryssie nodded, biting her lip.

"Yeah oh hell yeah," she sighed. "But well I was holding a lot longer than you, and I have to release some pressure or I won't be able to relax enough to cum..." Kryssie explained. Suzy looked at her then suddenly her eyes widened.

"please please please Kryssie" she begged, "pee on me so I can feel what it feels like? Like you said Chris peed on you? please?" Kryssie smiled and nodded. She sat up on her knees, pushed her panties aside, and opened her pussy lips, letting go a flood of warm pee that made Suzy squeal when it hit her skin and ran down her breasts, over her tummy, pooling against her groin before running into the already soaked towel. Kryssie suggested she open her pussy lips for her and she pushed aside her sodden panties and complied. Kryssie aimed as best as she could and let her warm piss soak Suzy's clit and fill her pussy, before running out along the crack of her round pert butt. She writhed and moaned again and Kryssie watched, her own excitement growing, as her pee made Suzy cum again in a shaky shuddering spasm.

When she was finally empty she sank back against the floor, on her own dry towel, and Suzy leaned over, and rubbed her warm, wet body against hers. She rubbed her breasts against Kryssie's nipples, then leant down and sucked Kryssie's pee off Kryssie's own nipples. Trepiditious at first, she realised she liked the taste and sucked more eagerly. She ground her sodden groin against Kryssie's as Kryssie groaned and bucked underneath her.

She was surprised to feel she had some pee still inside her bladder, and with her pussy tightly wedged against Kryssie's rounded puffy lips, she just let go and a short but strong stream flowed out, making Kryssie gasp and moan out loud. She moved down till she tasted her own pee mixed with Kryssie's, her lips and teeth and tongue making Kryssie cum in her mouth, squirting out the last of her pee. She felt Kryssie's whole body shudder underneath her, and her legs tighten as he toes curled. She sighed softly as she finished and they kissed passionately tasting each other on their tongues, before collapsing back side by side.

When they finally could move again, they both laughed. A little embarrassed, but very contented, they smiled at each other. "Well", Kryssie giggled, "here endeth the first lesson"~!

Suzy laughed. "Well when we've finished cleaning up this mess we made, perhaps we can shower if we both behave ourselves? And then I better go, we both have class tomorrow. And I'll need your help holding if I am gonna surprise and seduce my man..."

The two girls giggled again, scarcely able to believe what had happened. Kryssie could not wait to tell Chris. She had this evil idea of trying to get Suzy to join them one night. But first, sigh, she had to clean up, help Suzy win her man, and get through her classes... hmmm... her life was indeed becoming an adventure.

