Like Mother like Daughter

1st April 2007, 05:48 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Like Mother Like Daughter

I'd just graduated from school and like everyone else had accumulated a lot of debt that needed to be paid off. As luck would have it I landed a job in a city where my aunt Karen lived. She was recently divorced and said that it would be all right if I moved in and helped with the payments. Karen is my mom's youngest sister and I've always found her to be a lot of fun. She is very sexy and has always treated me like her best friend. Maybe she is my aunt, but I love looking at her thirty five year old butt. They say, at twenty-one, you are 'a perfect match' for a thirty something women. I've wondered.

Anyway, it was only a couple of weeks before I became friendly with her neighbors. Michelle and her daughter, Lindsey were gregarious and outgoing. Lindsey had just turned eighteen and she and her thirty nine year old mother were really a pair. Both were red heads and to say that they were hot would really be an understatement. They had a pool and several times I got an eyeful as they lounged about their backyard. They both had curves that begged for attention and they seemed to know I was watching.

One day Michelle and aunt Karen pulled into the driveway at the same time and both walked into our Kitchen for an ice tea. I heard them downstairs discussing their day when my aunt asked her to go to a local watering hole for a cocktail. Michelle's reply, «Honey, I can't. I'm all wet and need to go home and change», really got my attention. I was down the stairs and passing from the living room as our neighbor got up. She turned and I could see what she meant. She was wearing a white blouse and tan skirt with high heels that just accentuated her long legs and right there in front of me mapped across her beautiful butt was a large circle of wetness. I was sure that she had pissed in her pants. We both watched as Michelle said, «Be back in a few», and wiggled out the door to her place. My aunt's and my eyes met as she said, «She does that you know».

We sat and talked, while aunt Karen filled me in. She said that Michelle sometimes 'went to the bathroom' in her pants and usually made little more than a passing effort to find a toilet before 'just doing it'. She also said that Lindsey was only marginally better at keeping her pants dry and aunt Karen believed she was purposely copying her mother. She said that she'd seen Lindsey walking around the house several times after she had wet herself and her mother never said a word.

While my aunt told me all this and much more, I could barely catch my breath. I had two beautiful neighbors that loved being watched and thought nothing of peeing in their clothes. I was going to be a lot more friendly from now on.

A week later I was still hoping for more, when Michelle noticed aunt Karen and I outside and called us over to her back yard for cocktails. Lindsey was shopping with her girlfriends, so it started out with just the three of us. Being early spring, the pool was still to cold for swimming, but none-the-less, Michelle was wearing a yellow one-piece swimsuit under a matching, open top. Normally, I'd have been drawn to her breasts almost spilling out of her suit, but it was obvious that she'd peed in it too. A drying wet stain surrounded the deep cleft of her pussy. I tried hard not to look but after a while she caught me staring and our eyes met. «I just wet a little, that's all. It's a bit of a habit I guess and sometimes I just go while sitting here, besides I don't like peeing in the pool. I make everyone go out on the grass.» My aunt winked at me with her knowing, sly smile indicating 'we'd talk'.

Two hours later, I had a new appreciation for both great cocktails and high quality sunglasses. I'd been able to examine the looping stains covering both Michelle's crotch and ass. She would stand to refresh our drinks while using her index fingers to pull the rear of her suit back over her butt. I loved the show and she knew it.

Lindsey finally returned from shopping and joined us by the pool, also glancing at her mother's swimsuit, but saying nothing. She was dressed in a cute pull over sweater, a push up bra that did everything to display her gorgeous breasts and a pleated mini dress. She sat in a lounge next to her mother, but before she could cross her legs gave me quite a view of her white, high cut, cotton panties with an obviously very yellowed crotch. Lindsey was allowed a beverage of her choice and during the next two hours crossed, uncrossed, spread and re-crossed her own beautiful legs, each time giving me more than a peek at her panties. I was in shock with the fact that she also wasn't the least bit bothered with wetting herself. These two very naughty women were paralyzing me. I knew they reveled in it too.

Later when we got home, Aunt Karen noticed my swollen penis and the effect their 'bathroom practices' had on me. She warned me to be on my best behavior. However, the next time we went to their house I found my self 'going through' the dirty laundry in the bathroom. It wasn't hard to find evidence since these two ladies maintained a pretty messy house. I found panties, short shorts, nightie's and jeans that all bore unmistakable pee stains. If the panties I found in the basket weren't pee damp and sticky with lubrication, then they were yellowed from some previous accident. I noticed that Michelle preferred high cut, full bottomed control panties while Lindsey generally liked Calvin Klein cotton panties in several styles. It was also the first time that I'd gotten to smell pissed in ladies panties. I was in serious trouble.

It all came to a head one afternoon when I heard a lawn mower start up. I was home alone but could not help looking out the window as beautiful Lindsey started cutting the tall grass covering their yard. She'd clothed her sensuous body in an old faded green one-piece swimsuit, a long t-shirt that didn't quite reach her beautiful butt and cross trainers. I promptly went out to say hi and offer a little assistance.

She told me her mother had given the 'order' as she put it and not to come back in until she finished the yard. She also said she'd hoped I'd see what she was doing and come to her aid. That explained a swimsuit that was a little too small for her, exposing some of what she should be keeping secret. She probably remembered that day at the pool when I couldn't take my eyes away from her mother's yellow one-piece. Every time she made a pass across the yard she would stop and pull her suit loose from her butt before continuing.

My job was to empty the grass from the catcher and take it to the compost behind the garage. An hour into this, I was returning when I noticed that she'd stopped at one of her turns and was standing still. She was facing away from me and it only took a second to realize there was pee running down her beautiful legs. I walked up and not wanting to let her know I'd noticed, put the catcher back into place, using the opportunity to examine her puss. She saw me staring.

«She said not to come back in until I'm finished, right. Besides, she always says 'if your outside, its ok to pee on the lawn'. I waited as long as I could. I hope it doesn't bother you that I do this.»

Smiling into her beautiful green eyes, I assured her that it was quite all right given the situation. Then I teased her. «Won't your mother be upset when she notices that you've peed in your swimsuit?»

«She doesn't care, in fact she does it all the time when were laying in the lounge chairs. I'm not supposed to tell you, but she does it other times to. Last week we were at Macy's Finance Department paying part of our credit card when I noticed that the floor had gotten wet where we were standing. I didn't think much about it until later when we drove home and I fell behind her walking to the house. The seat of her skirt was wet. She caught me staring so I asked her if she had wet her pants. Do you know what she said? She just shrugged and said, 'girls sometimes do that you know'.»

I knew Lindsey was only telling me part of the story since I was becoming increasingly aware of her own little habits. Still, I couldn't take my eyes off of her wetness during the time it took to finish our project, neither could she take her eyes off of my raging hard on. I followed her into the house where her mother congratulated her on a job well done and offered us both ice teas. Lindsey stood in the kitchen near the sink telling her mom and I about a movie playing that night. She was using her right hand to partially cover her mound after receiving a knowing look from Michelle and because I kept sneaking glances at the wet patch surrounding her pussy lips. I quickly offered, «I'd love to see that movie with you».

