A Nice Camping Trip (Part One)

28th June 2007, 04:42 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

This story is total fantasy.

Last summer, my wife and I took a camping trip. We had decided to camp in the tent to save money. I was very excited because I'm much more fond of tent camping than lodges or campers.

The first few days were great. We spent the afternoons walking the trails, swimming in the park pool, and enjoying the wonderful scenery. At one spot, a deer wandered right in front of us and we both froze and watched it pass. It saw us, but did not seem to care as it patiently crossed the path and disappeared into the thick forest.

On the second day, while walking one of these trails, she paused. «What's wrong?» I asked. She rolled her eyes as if looking around for something.

«Is there a bathroom close by? I've got to pee.» I joined her search for any buildings in the forestry that might be restrooms conveniently plotted on the trail, but no luck.

«I don't think so,» I answered. «Do you want to go back? You could use the one near our camp site.» My wife sucked air through her teeth and grabbed at her legs a little.

«I don't even know if I can make it back.» She continued to clutch between her legs and was still peeking around, either hoping to find rescue or making sure no one was around to see her pitiful condition. «Ooooh, I'm going to pee my pants.»

«Well, why don't we go ahead and work our way back and you can try your best to hold it, okay?» I reached for her hand and gave it a little tug, but she did not want to move.

«I think I'm just going to go right here,» she mumbled, looking close to tears.

«Why?» I asked. «Are you sure?» She nodded and winced again.

«The closer we get to camp the more people we're going to run into, and I don't want to take a chance of having an accident up there around all those people.» Made sense to me. She looked around past me to see if there were any unexpected visitors working their way down the trail, and then scanned the other end of the trail. «Keep watch and make sure no one is coming,» she said.

I wanted to do as she asked and keep my eyes on both sides of the trail. As she slid her jean shorts and panties down her gorgeous legs, though, all I wanted to do was watch her. She kept her back to me, so her bare bottom came clearly into view as her pants reached her ankles and she squatted to the ground. I could feel an erection starting in my shorts as I watched, transfixed, when a slight stream began to fall from between her bottom and patter to the soft dirt of the trail. I imagined what an upcoming passerby might think later when they peruse the trail and find a tiny wet spot on the dirt path.

After a few seconds, however, the spot was no longer tiny. I heard her moan gently with relief and my pants tightened as my erection grew. The stream had become a steady hard flow that pattered onto the ground. I could see light splashes that were caressing the back of her legs a little, but she did not notice or care. Another moan escaped her as the stream began to create a miniature river that flowed behind her, down the little incline of the path, and toward me. I watched it with great pleasure until my attention was returned to her by another slight moan.

She was finishing as the flow dwindled to a trickle and eventually disappeared. When she stood up to pull her pants up again, I could not control myself anymore. I stepped behind her and pressed my body against her from behind.

«Don't put those on yet,» I whispered. I reached a hand around her front and slid my index finger between her legs.

«Somebody might come,» she gasped.

«That's the point,» I whispered. She laughed, nervously.

«I don't want to get caught,» she continued. She pulled her shorts back up until they were barely around her waist and I held my hand out to stop her.

«So we'll make it quick,» I pleaded. «Besides, no one's been on this trail but us for the past thirty minutes. If you're that nervous, just pull your pants down halfway, and I'll just unzip my shorts. That way, if we hear anybody coming, it won't take us long to get dressed.» She still looked a little nervous, but her eyes kept darting down to the bulge in my shorts. «Come on. Doesn't this turn you on a little, you and me, alone in the woods?» She bit her lip (a gesture that almost always gets me off right away) and I knew what her answer would be.

«Okay,» she whispered. She reached for her waist of her shorts again, but paused. «But you have to promise to do something for me tonight.» I grinned in agreement and moved close to her as our lips met. We kissed deeply as I felt her hands touch the protruding knot in my shorts. She caressed it through the material with her fingertips until she finally found the zipper and began to tug down. I slipped my hand gently down the top of her shorts and stroked the tip of her clitoris just a little and felt the heat and dampness creep in right away. She was turned on.

I pulled on her shorts and panties tenderly until they slid down her thighs and stopped just above her knees. I could feel her hands removing my penis from its cozy, but cramped, resting place, as her fingertips continued to caress. Finally, she pulled me forward and stood on her toes a little as she guided me, oh so soothingly, into the slight open space between her thighs. I felt the familiar dampness and warmth as everything I had ever loved about her came rushing into my mind. I felt warm. I felt safe. I felt like we could embrace as the world around us came crashing down and no harm would come to either of us.

She reached behind my neck as she pulled herself closer to me, resting her head on my shoulder. I kissed her neck tenderly and she reciprocated with a few teasing pecks on the skin of my collarbone. Her breathing had turned to gasps as we pressed our bodies together again and again, moving in the familiar rhythm that only we could perfect together. I placed my hands on her bottom, caressing the soft skin just below her cheeks. I felt her go tense as her gasps grew louder and I knew she was close to release. This change sent me to the edge and I also began to go tense. Her gasps changed to moans as I moved in and out, faster and faster. I grunted cautiously, trying not to be too loud, as release came at last. My wife also cried out as carefully as possible, biting her lip again to keep from screaming as her tension finally let up and I could tell that she had reached orgasm.

She finished with one last kiss on my neck and then pulled her pants back to her waist and buttoned them as fast as she could. I quickly zipped my fly as we both breathed sighs of relief.

«Ready to head back?» I asked.

«Why?» she answered. «I've had my pee, a little sex, so I'm ready for a nice walk on the trail.»

«Now that no one's coming,» I said, smiling. We both laughed and continued our afternoon walk on the trail. There were still two more days left of our trip and I could not wait to find out what they had in store for us.

