Mrs. Robinson ( F Desp, Control, Wetting )

19th August 2011, 06:19 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

Mrs. Robinson

Author: drw

We met at a conference. Her still gorgeous with just a hint of age in the corners of her face. Me, a decade younger, but not immune to the charms of a well groomed professional woman who knows what she wants.

A week in Las Vegas, the city of sin, free from other social ties with little to do at night but wander the strip. I invite her to share dinner one lonely evening, and she seems pleased. She dresses the part - blouse and a conservative skirt, but tight in all the right places. And her hands are wandering. So are her stockinged feet from across the table, slipped out of their heels.

«Are you trying to seduce me, Mrs. Robinson?» That isn't her name. But she smiles coyly.

«Maybe.»

After dinner, in the elevators, with only the bored security cameras to see, we embrace. At first tentatively, then passionately, grinding against each other as the floors fly by. «I want you.» And I do.

«I want you too. But we have only a night. What do you really want?» She has done this before.

«What do *you* really want?» I stall for time.

«Really?»

«Really.»

«You have to tell me what to do. What to wear, where to go, what to eat, everything.» She is suddenly vulnerable.

«Deal.» This suits me fine. I could have some part of any woman, but I can have all of her.

We return to the room, our hands exploring the crevices of our bodies with desire as we stumble down the hall. The card key fails in the lock. Once, twice. She lifts her knee, taking a moment. «You try.»

My room, my key works. Sometimes we are forgetful.

She excuses herself: «Just let me freshen up, then we can play!»

I know how much she needs it. The signs are all there. She did not go at the restaurant, nor at the bar afterwards, too engrossed in her seduction.

«Mrs. Robinson!» My voice is sharp. She stops with her hand on the door to the toilet.

«Surely, you don't need to urinate now.» It is not a question.

«Well, actually I...»

«Surely, you can control yourself. You are not a child.» My voice sharper still.

She pauses. «Yes sir. I do not need to urinate.» She is lying. Lying through her gritted, floating teeth. She very much needs to urinate. Now.

«Good. Now come here.» I am seated on the bed and point at the closet. «The night is young. We're going out for a little walk. But first you must change. Strip.»

«Yes sir.» She walks funny.

«Very good, Mrs. Robinson.»

Her name is not Mrs. Robinson, but she knows this part of the game. She takes off her blouse, carefully, her shoes, her skirt, her stockings. She is standing there seductively in some very expensive lingerie and high sheer stockings. I motion to her and she takes those off too. She is standing naked in my room. Bobbing around a little bit.

«Sir. I very much need...»

«You do not. If you mention it again, you will regret it.»

«Yes, sir.»

Her pubes are well trimmed, breasts not large, but not sagging, waist not thin, but not fat, and her skin is smooth. I study her as she stands, wiggling. I see her shiver.

«Are you cold?»

«No, I just *have* to »

I scowl.

«... yes, maybe I am cold.»

I direct her to put her skirt and blouse back on. She reaches for her panties

.

«No.» Just the skirt. And the blouse. And the stockings. She seems to like this, being directed. But she very much has to pee now, and it is hard for her to keep still as she does up the buttons. Her nipples poke through the thin white fabric.

«Put on your shoes, we are going out.»

«But...» she looks first at the toilet, then at her panties

.

«No. And most definitely not. But you can wear mine.»

She looks at my suitcase.

«No. Take them off me.»

She kneels carefully onto her heel in front of me, and her touch is gentle as she opens my fly, tugging at the jeans, her face close to my erection, hot moist breath on it. I allow her to pull them off, then tug down the tight, white briefs, a dime-sized patch of wetness already on them. She stares at me, caressing me. It is very pleasurable to be touched by a beautiful woman like that, more pleasurable knowing how badly she needs the toilet.

«Now, put them on.» She pulls them up; they don't fit very well. No longer kneeling, she is dancing, moving, trying to control herself. I pull up my pants. «Shoes.»

We leave the room, making sure it locks behind us. We walk slowly down the hall together, my hand behind her, pushed beneath the waistband of her skirt and grabbing her warm, soft bottom. I can feel the rhythm as she walks and the further contractions of her muscles as she squeezes herself shut. Her hand is around my back in my front jeans pocket, stroking me through the thin cloth. I look over at her and see she is very turned on.

The bar is not far from the elevator, and we sit, her grateful for the momentary relaxation but apprehensive, knowing her breasts are visible through the fabric of her thin blouse, erect nipples obvious to anyone who looks. The bartender raises an eyebrow but says nothing except «What will it be?»

She opens her mouth by reflex to order, but then thinks better of it and looks at me.

«A gin martini, up.» I point at the taps. «And she would like a pitcher of Bud Light.»

«Yes, please.» She sounds surprised and a little concerned.

The bartender pours the drinks without another raised eyebrow. I rather imagine he sees this sort of thing on occasion.

She is momentarily less frantic to pee, sitting on the edge of the bar stool. Her hand is working in my lap as I sip the martini and watch the television. It's showing a women's surfing competition.

«Do I have to drink it all?» She is whispering. «I don't know if I can  hold that much.»

«Well, we have all night.»

«No, I mean, don't you want to go back up to the room?» She is carefully not mentioning it, but I can see she has started to scoot back and forth in her chair.

«All in good time. You have to finish the beer first.»

«Yes, sir.» She drinks and my hands wander below the waistband again, feeling her up through the soft cotton of my own briefs.

«Maybe, if you are good, we can go to the restroom down here when you finish. Though I imagine you do not need to go yet.»

«No, sir. I do not need to urinate.» Her voice cracks with the strain of holding it in.

She drinks with determination, but it takes her a while to work her way through the pitcher. Long enough for the alcohol to make her forget herself. She cannot sit still any longer, and is breathing hard.

«Okay, I'm done. Can I go pee now?»

«Mrs. Robinson!»

«Oh! Sorry, sir! I just don't think I can hold it any longer.» She is rocking back and forth.

«Mrs. Robinson, surely you can control your urges like a normal adult.»

«But sir...»

«Mrs. Robinson, do you need the toilet?»

«Yes, I can't...»

I scowl at her.

«I mean. I  I  no, sir. I do not need the toilet.» She is shivering with the effort.

«Well, good. Though I think I may need it myself. Why don't you come with me?»

We walk away from the bar. She bent at the waist.

«Mrs. Robinson!»

She straightens up a little bit, though her knees are close together and her steps short.

We pass a set of restrooms and she tries to steer me in that direction. But we keep walking, down to more deserted parts of the building, where the ballrooms are. She has to stop.

«Mrs. Robinson. Are you okay?»

«Yeah. Just a minute...» She is breathing hard.

«Mrs. Robinson, do you need to urinate?»

«no.» Her voice is that of a little girl.

«Really, Mrs. Robinson?»

«really.» She is holding herself from behind.

«Then come with me.» We head toward the men's rooms, deserted this time of the day. I pull her inside, though she momentarily hesitates. There are banks of urinals with marble dividers, stalls with polished wood doors line the opposite wall. Everything is spotless, bright, ready for the next day. I pull her in front of a urinal.

«Unzip me.»

«What?»

«Unzip me.»

She has to use both hands to do it, tugging clumsily and moving her butt in a little circle, trying to keep control at the same time. The zipper comes down.

«Now take it out and aim.»

She reaches inside and grabs, finding it and pulling it out. She is fascinated, gingerly pointing it in the right direction. Perhaps she has not done this before. She is dancing sensuously lifting first one knee then the other.

«Okay.» I relax, and it comes after a little while. I was pretty full myself. Urine spatters into the white porcelain, and she suddenly squeezes, cutting off the flow. «Hey!»

«Sorry - I just...»

She relaxes her grip, but uses her other hand to hold herself again, rubbing.

I finish.

«Mrs. Robinson, would you like to urinate?»

«I  I really have to.» Her voice is strained.

«Strip first.»

«Here?»

«Yes.»

She has a difficult time of it, undoing the buttons of her blouse and stopping to hold herself. The skirt is easy. The stockings only removed with great care and contortion. Her hands move to the waistband of my briefs. «No. Not yet.»

I bring my face close to her hot, struggling crotch. The briefs are a little damp there.

«Mrs. Robinson, did you have an accident

?»

«No, sir.» She is embarrassed.

«Mrs. Robinson. There is a wet patch here. Are you sure you did not have an accident

?»

«No, sir.»

«Mrs. Robinson!»

«Well, maybe there was a leak.»

«Mrs. Robinson, an adult should be able to control herself better than this.»

«Yes, sir.»

I pull her to the stalls and open a door. She is terribly desperate now.

«Sit, Mrs. Robinson.»

She moves to pull down the briefs.

«No. Just sit.»

She sits with her legs tightly together, shaking.

«Open your legs.»

She is breathing hard, and slowly, ever so slowly, parts her legs. She shakes with the effort to control her urges.

«Mrs. Robinson, you would never wet yourself, would you?»

She cannot answer.

«Mrs. Robinson! You would never wet my briefs, would you?»

«No!» She gasps. She is really struggling. And then she groans. The cotton fabric balloons around her crotch just a moment before becoming soaked and overflowing as streams of hot urine pour into the toilet. She finishes, exhausted, I can see her muscles contracting rhythmically now that the strain of resisting her urges is gone. I touch the warm, we cotton and she shivers again.

