Junkyard Peggy Part 4 (Our Date)

16th October 2009, 11:33 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Instead of taking the faster route to where we were going to have pizza I went over some back roads instead. It took longer but the ride was more enjoyable since I had a convertible and it was a nice enough day still to have the top down. Peggy certainaly was enjoying the ride. She even told me it was her first time riding in a convertible.

I drove halfway and then I pulled over and stopped. Peggy had her drivers license so I let her drive. Boy did she go for that! She drove very well and I gave her directions for she wasn't quite sure where we were at the time. Soon though she was in familair territory so directions were no longer needed by me.

We soon arrived at the place we were going to and Peggy pulled in and expertly parked my car. She even backed it right int the spot where she was going to park. (well with the top down that made it easier to do) She and I got out and she tossed me my keys. She gave me a kiss as we started walking through the parkinglot before we went inside. She also said thank you and she told me my car drove pretty nice too.

Once inside we did find a table which at the time the place was not all that crowded. We ordered a large pizz and a pitcher of draft beer. The beer came first I oured Peggy and myslef a glass and Peggy propoased a toast. First date,good friends, and fun! We both took a drink and set our glasses down. We then went on talked some,drank our beers and even played a game of darts. Peggy whipped my ass on the dartboard!

We went back to our table and our pizza came. We both were super hungry so beween us the entire pizza was eaten. Plus we did finish the pitcher of beer also. Between doing all this we had about two hours go by. So it was about eight in the evening. When we left Peggy told me that she didn't really want to go dancing. Instead she wanted to go to my house. I told her that was ok with me. So thats where we went.

FRom the pizza place I drove some what quickly over the back roads to the house. It was shorter then driving up to the village and then take the highway. I parked my car up by the barn and we went inside. My mother was in the kitchen and my dad wasn't there but he was around somewhere. My mother was very surprised to see Peggy. For when we came inside my mother was sitting at the kitchen table reading and drinking coffee.

I said to her as we came into the kitchen; Hey look what I brought home! My mother looked up seeing Peggy said to Peggy Well hi there stranger! Peggy smiled and in return said hello to my mother. We sat down at the kitchen table and proceeded each of us about the work we had done on my car. Durring this time my dad had come in and he was pleased that I had my car fixed and he too was surprised about Peggy helping me do some of the work.

We spent over a hour talking and then my dad said goodnight to everyone and he heaaded upstairs for bed. He went to sleep early for he had to be up at five for work. Peggy and I also left the kitchen but we went back into the family room first and I started a fire in the fireplace and she and I sat down on the couch together for awhile enjoting the fire.

Then I mentioned that we had a darboard and a ping pong table out in the rec room. Peggy told me come on lets play some darts. I want to beat your ass some more! I laughed and told her not this time! So we went and started playing darts. I also got her a bottle of beer but not one for myself. I had to drive her hoem and that was one of my rules. I didn't drive drunk.

Peggy went and again beat my ass playing darts. she took two out of the three games we played. Then it was my turn at ping pong. I beat her two out of three ganes. So that turned out being even between us with Peggy winning at darts and I at pingpong. It was time to take Peggy home. I had to also be up for work in the morning. So we walked back into the kitchen Peggy said goodnight to my mother and we walked outside heading to my car.

On the way to my car Peggy thanked me for a good time. I told her no problem I've had fun too. But before we did get to my car Peggy asked me;Could we stp somewhere along the way? I looked at her smiled for I thought I knew what she ment by it. But I asked her kind of kidding her and asked; What do you have in mind Peggy? Peggy smiled back and told me; For me to know and you to find out! We both then laughed and got in my Mustang and we took off.

As soon as we were on the highway Peggy placed her hand over on to my thigh. Giggling she asked me; How's your tool? I laughed. Oh thats what your going to call my pecker! Peggy gggled harder and said YES! So thats what she would call it the rest of the time that we would be together. I told her it was fine but it needs to be used. I don't know about you I do have to piss when we stop. Peggy giggled softly and told me that THAT MADE TWO OF US! My tool started getting erect inside my jeans right then!

Now as we came up on her dads old restuarant I slowed down pulled in the parkinglot in front and drove around the back of it and parked. I shut of my lights and the engine. Peggy giggled hard as we got out of the car but we left the doors open for my interior lights stayed on so we had light to see by. Peggy said to me Whoever thought I would piss outside my dads old place. (it had been long closed up and for sale)

Again we did each others jeans. I did her jean shorts and she did my jeans. Then we both sat down on my Mustangs front bumper together. Peggy reached right over and took my tool in her hgand and held it whike I just only had to look ver at her pussy. Peggy started right off with her piss first. She had drank much more then I had.

She sent out a very hard stream of piss which behind the restuarant and the now still night air its hissing was very loud. Even her piss splashing and splattering on the gravel was loud too. In the low light I could see her stream plain enough but I couldn't tell if there was any real yellow color to her piss. (idn't matter right at that point!) Peggy did let me know she had been holdiing it since we had arrived at my house! I told her t looked that way.

Then I now started to piss. Out from my cock I sent a very long arcing piss stream. It went far enough that it reached a small light green wooden shed hiting the wall of it and splashed on the wall. That was I would have guessed seven feet away. My piss was hitting the wood hard enough so that it sound hitting the wood was loud along with Peggys hissing and her piss hitting the gravel on the ground.

I took a fairly long piss. Despite Peggy starting forst my stream fell and I stopped well before she finished her piss. She didn't shake my tool either after I had stopped. She just held it. So I jst sat there with her holding my tool and watched her piss. A good half minute later Peggys piss stream eased right up she did dribble just a little and then she was done.Then she let go of my tool and she slipped her jen shorts right off and went and sat back down in the car.

I too just got back in the car on my side but she laughed for I didn't bother taking my jeans off. What made her laugh was my tool was standing stiffly up through my open zipper as I got back inside the car! Peggy did tell me take them off as soon as I had sat down so I did. While I did that Peggy unbutoned her top. Then she got up and she stepped over the console and sat down right on my lap.

Then very quickly Peggy slipped her bra starps down from her shoulders spun her bra right around and un hooked it! It fell away and she opened her top wide open! What do you think of these! Peggy said to me. Very very nice I said back to her. I just managed to get that all said to. For Peggy leaned forward very fast and placed one of her nice rounded firm breasts right to my mouth!

So I just opened it and put first the nipple of her breast between my lips sucked and licked it gently with my tounge. I took my other hand and used that and massaged her other breast with it along with playing with its nipple too with my fingers. Peggy went right for my tool with her hand. I felt her hand grab it and she started giving it a gentle handjob!

We went on doing this for a litle while. Then Peggy stopped with her hand job. Then she managed to stand right up in front of me with one foot on the console and the other wedged between my seat and car door. She started pushing my head foward but I had to slide down on my seat while she pushed my head right up towards her pussy.

I felt her bodies heat which was very warm. I could also smell the slight oder of piss too in my nose. I went and gave her clit a lick first, then slowly went down the slit of her pussy. It was wet already and I got a stronger ofer of piss along with the bitter taste of it too. Peggy gasped when as I went down her pussy s slit I stuck my tounge between its lips so my tounge rubbed the insides of her lips.

I went down the entire length of her slit and also came out of it and lcked just a little under her psuuy too. Then I went back up it doing the same thing as I went up it. Peggy let out another short hard gasp so I went back and forth like this from her clit, dwn her pussy slit and back up to her clit. It seemed as ech time I went down or back up Peggy gasped and she gave my head a harder push with her hands.

Going this way slowly did take some time. Peggy and her pussy was enjoying the pleasure it was receiving. I don't know how long we had been going along doing this but it turned out to be plenty long for Peggy. For all of a sudden Peggy pulled herself away real fast. When she did her asscheeks went back into my steering whell and her ass hit my horn! It beeped a very loud but short beep!

That made bot of us laugh real hard and loud right then. When we did stop our laughter Peggy reached over and opened my door. As she did this she told me she had to piss again. That's why she had stopped letting me lick her pussy and had moved so suddenly back away from me. Peggy stepped out of the open dor of the car and she stood there.

With the car door open my interior lights cameback on. So with Peggy standing by the door there was plent more light to see her. She didn;t squat down to piss she just spreaded her feet apart and she started pissing as she moved them apart. From out of her pussy her stream went down in a straight line. There was no hissing with this piss. Her piss just made the sounds of it hiting the gravel stones and I saw them darkem as her piss wetted them.

Peggys piss this time was just a short one. It seemed to end as soon as it started. With it doing that as soon as she finished going she stepped right back into the car shut the open door hard and got back standing in front of me like before. She pulled my head back down to her pussy. As she did this she giggled and told me there was fresh piss there now to be taken care of. So I went and took care of that first thing.

I didn't get to take all the time licking Peggys pussy this time like I had done before she went and pissed. For nly after what seemed only several minutes Peggy sunndenly sucked in her breath real hard, pressed her pussy hard into me, her body stiffened right up and she came! She almost smothered me too for wehn she pressed my mouth into her pussy she pressed real hard with her hands on my head too. II got quite a wet face as a result.

Then as her climax eased Peggy let out a sigh with a long low moan. She slowly eased her pussy away which now I could breath. I sucked in a hard breath. Peggy hearing this made her let out a short hard giggle. Then she told me to trade places. She opened the car door got out and so did I. She got back inside and sat down on my seat and then I got back in and stood in front of her. As soon as I did she reached right out grabbed my tool with her hand sarted jerking it hard and twisting it!

After only a short time doing this she leaned forward and slipped it into her mouth and went and licked it with her tounge and sucked on it hard! I went and took very short back and foth thrusts making my tool slide some into Peggys mouth further. I couldn't go back that far for the steering wheel was right nehind me. I didn't want to blow my own horm while Peggy was blowing me! But I could move foward more which started to do so Peggy wound up taking more of my tool in my mouth as I went forward.

After I short while Peggy took the hand off from my tool that she was susing to stroke it and twist it with. She then reached her hands back behind me placing them on my bare asscheeks and pushed me hader forward which on the forward thrusts she just about took all of my tool into her mouth! Boy that felt great too! Oncewhile doing this she pulled completely off looked at me smiling. I smiled back at her. Then she went right back again taking care of my tool

We went quite a bit faster now after the pause we had taken. I felt the tingling sensation now comming on very strong. So I told Peggy that I was going to cum. Do you spit or swallow? Peggy just sped up even faster! Then a few minutes later I came! Peggy did take a big load in her mouth! Then as smaller loads of cum were comming out she pulled her mouth off real fast beated my cock against her tits which my smaller loads of cum splattered over her tits!

Then I stopped and Peggy finished me off by swirling her tounge around my toold head lightly doing this which she licked off any remaing cum that was on it. Then I managed like she had done I sat down on her lap. We sat there for quite some time just gently kissing and hugging each other. Long enough time my tool was back to its normal size and I had to piss. I told Peggy that I did so she opened the car door I got out and she did too.

She took my tool in her hand and held it. I started pissing. I sent out a good hard stream which wetted the gravel just about two feet out in front of me. Peggy had my tool aimed right down. I pissed only about twenty seconds finishing off doing several short spurts one right after the other. Peggy this time did give it a couple of shakes to make sure.

But before we got back in the car Peggy took a short piss too. She did this one standing also but with her back facing me. So I had a reaward view to look at. She sent only a thin stream of piss out from her pussy. There was no hissing this time either. It was a short piss but she like me did several shorts spurts to end it.

Then she walked around to her side of the car and I got back inside on my side. It was time to leave. We got dressed and I started up the car and pulled out from behind the retuarant. I turned on my headlights once I was out on the highway and we took off heading to Peggys house.All the way back Peggy had leaned her hgead on my right shoulder would every so often give me a kiss on my right cheek. I would kiss her back only when I had to stop for a stop sghn which there were several of them on the way to her house.

