Post # 35,000: Lisa Gets Her Wish (m/f/f watersports)

16th January 2015, 02:43 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Lisa Gets Her Wish

"Have a great day at work," Lisa told her fianc as she kissed him goodbye.

"Thanks babe!" Brian replied as he walked out of the door. "Call me later and we'll try to set up something for lunch."

"Okay, I'll call you." Lisa gave Brian one final kiss before watching him walk out to his car. She then made her way to the dining table where the breakfast Brian had made her awaited. Fortunately she still had plenty of time to eat, shower, and dress before she had to go to work.

"So did you tell him your secret yet?"

Lisa turned around from her chair to see her best friend and roommate Linda making her way to the kitchen.

"Which secret?" Lisa asked her.

Linda walked over to the chair that Lisa was sitting on, straddled her lap so that she was sitting on it facing her, and gave Lisa a big kiss.

Lisa held her roommate, and girlfriend, tight, and passionately returned her kiss. It wasn't a surprise why Lisa was so attracted to Linda. Her friend had long, beautiful black hair, gorgeous green eyes, a smile that would light up any room, small but firm breasts, lovely long legs, and a tight ass.

Lisa was a perfect match for the athletic 5'11" beauty. The auburn haired looker was almost as tall at 5'10", and her legs appeared to be just as long. Her eyes were a luscious brown, her breasts a little bigger, and her ass a little bit rounder, but equally firm. And she was just as athletic. In fact, they had met as freshmen on their university's basketball team. They had caught themselves checking each other out in the shower after their first practice. Now seniors, they had been inseparable ever since.

Like Lisa, Linda was still in her sleep clothes. For Linda, that consisted of a pair of gym shorts covering her white cotton panties

, and a thin white tank top. Lisa was wearing a oversized T-shirt and a silk pink thong.

It was over a minute later when Lisa broke off the kiss. "Well, no, I haven't told him about us yet, he still thinks that we're just friends. But it wouldn't be bad to tell him, would it? Any guy would kill to have a bisexual girlfriend, wouldn't he?"

Linda gave a big sigh. "Well, there are definitely some guys who would be in heaven to find out that their fiance is also into girls, but there are others that would be upset and jealous that their future mate was with anyone besides themselves. That is not, however, the secret that I was talking about."

"Well then what ..." Lisa stopped abruptly, as Linda had silently provided the answer. Lisa could feel the hot, wet liquid that was flowing out of Linda's gym shorts and soaking the lower part of her T-shirt, her thighs, and her panties

, as Linda was still straddling her lap. Lisa gasped, then held the brunette beauty tight, and gave her another long, passionate kiss.

Lisa was incredibly turned on. She loved the feeling of Linda's piss as it soaked into her panties

, ran over her thighs, and puddled under her ass. She also enjoyed the sound as it fell off of the chair and splattered on the floor. She loved the taste of her girlfriend's lips, and how wonderful Linda's tits felt pressed tight against her body. It was way too soon when Linda had pushed out the last few spurts of her piss.

Linda's point was well made. The two of them had decided to try watersports during their sophomore year, when they had been exploring new kinks to try out. It instantly became their favorite sexual activity, one they had both said that they now couldn't imagine living without. If she hadn't been so horny right then she would have worried about whether or not she should tell Brian about her fetish, about whether or not he would be accepting of it, and, if he wasn't, if she would be able to live a life where she either had to give up piss play or sneak around with Linda behind her husband's back. All that she could think of at this moment, however, was the gorgeous, kinky girl on her lap, and how much she wanted her.

After they finished their kiss, Lisa motioned for Linda to stand up. Lisa stood up as well, grabbed her girlfriend's hand, and gently pulled her down as Lisa began to lay in Linda's puddle. Lisa loved how naughty it felt to be laying in a puddle of piss, and, as Linda laid on top of her, loved the feeling of her girlfriend's body pressed onto hers. They kissed again, this time giggling a bit at how naughty their current situation was, before Linda turned around so that she was above Lisa in a 69 position.

Lisa reached up, grabbed Linda's shorts, and pulled them down, but made sure to leave on her panties

. Grabbing her lover's ass cheeks, Lisa pulled down her lover so that Linda's piss soaked, panty covered crotch was in her face. She sniffed, enjoying the aroma of Linda's panties

, then started to suck the piss out of the damp cotton fabric. She soon started to lick Linda's pussy through her panties

, before pulling them aside and entering the beautiful pussy in front of her with her tongue.

Linda was, at the same time, hungrily eating Lisa's pussy, working on her auburn haired lover with her tongue. Knowing exactly what Linda would want, Lisa gently released her bladder, causes piss to gently trickle out. Linda clamped her mouth over Lisa's urethra, allowing her mouth to fill with hot piss, and then gulped it down. Not only did she love the salty, tangy taste of Lisa's piss, she enjoyed the sensation of the warm, golden liquid pouring down her throat. She took in another mouthful, held it in her mouth for a few seconds more to savor to taste, and then gulped that one down as well. She then went back to work work on Lisa's pussy, furiously licking it as piss continued to trickle out.

Lisa had, from the first time she and Linda had tried it, absolutely loved the sensation of having her pussy eaten while she was pissing. It was, in fact, her favorite sexual position, and it didn't take long until she was in the throes of a powerful orgasm. Lisa wasn't quiet when she came. Linda had known it was coming, not only from the way Lisa's body was being to tense, but from the continuingly louder cries of "Oh my god, oh my god, OH MY GOD!!!. This was followed by loud moans, and what can only be described as howls. Hearing, and feeling, her lover orgasm had pushed Linda over the edge as well, who came in a much different way than her girlfriend. Linda was almost completely silent when she came, practically incapable of making a sound, with the exception of some soft, low moans as she started, and a huge sigh when she was finished.

The pair had just come off of their orgasms, were starting to reposition themselves in order to begin kissing again, when they exclaimed, almost in unison, "Oh shit!"

###

Brian had been half way to work when he remembered that he had left his thumb drive on the desk in his room. Returning home would make him late, but that wouldn't be near as bad a mistake as forgetting to bring in the data that was located on that thumb drive. And he definitely couldn't afford to make such a mistake. He had just graduated from college a few months before, and shortly afterwards had landed a much coveted job with this company. His salary was enough to allow him to rent this house, though it was a good thing Linda, his fiance's close friend, was living with them. Lisa had asked him to allow Linda, who had been her roommate in the dorms since their sophomore year, to rent a room in the house. Brian had agreed, knowing how tight the pair were, and realizing that they could use help paying for the rent.

As he had reached the door he heard the unmistakable sound of Lisa cumming. He figured that she must be using her favorite toy on her pussy, but was a little shocked that she would do so with Linda still at home. He then realized that Linda had already heard Lisa orgasm when he and Lisa were having sex, as he and Linda often teased Lisa about it the next day. Still, he wondered what Linda would be thinking of Lisa's early morning masturbation.

He quietly opened door, hoping to surprise Lisa. He ended up being the first one to be surprised.

There were his fiance and her friend lying on the floor in a 69 position, both of them cumming. It appeared that Lisa was pissing as she was cumming, and that they were lying in a puddle of liquid. He soon surmised that the puddle must be piss as well. He was still trying to wrap his head around what was happening when her heard them both cry out "Oh shit!"

Lisa sat up, looking horrified. "Oh my god, honey, I should have told you, I'm so sorry! Oh god, please forgive me! Linda and I are lovers and ..."

"I can see that!" Brian replied, accidentally cutting her off. Now he knew why she had been so insistent that Linda move in with them.

"I know that I should have told you honey. I'm so sorry!" She then noticed him staring at her soaked T-shirt pressed against her body, "Oh my god, and please, please, don't think I'm sick, but I, um, I, well, I kind of have a thing for piss." It would have been hard to imagine her being more embarrassed than she had felt at Brian's initial discovery, but with the confession of her fetish she turned an even darker shade of red.

After having been just as shocked and scared as Lisa, Linda begin to giggle. Lisa, still babbling, begging understanding and forgiveness, and doing whatever else she could to keep her relationship with Brian together, became increasingly annoyed at the giggling, until finally she shouted, "Don't you see what's going on here! What in the hell are you giggling about!?"

"Lisa, take a look at Brian," Linda replied.

"Who do you think I've been looking at?" Lisa retorted.

"Look lower," said Linda.

Lisa looked down and saw the tent that had formed in Brian's trouser. Brian, himself, was surprised when he realized how turned on he actually was. He had been focusing on his shock and surprise at finding his his future wife engaging in wild piss covered sex with her best friend that his mind had failed to fully process how hot he found the scene in front of him. His body, however, had made it completely obvious, with his rock hard dick forming the large tent in his slacks.

Linda caught Lisa's attention and motioned her head towards Brian's dick. Lisa understood the gesture and immediately decided that Linda was right - the fact that her fiance was so turned on gave her an advantage that she needed to press. Still on the floor, she moved towards Brian, unzipped his pants, and started licking his cock.

Brian was caught by surprise. He was still shocked at what he had seen, and somewhere in the back of his mind he knew that he needed to talk to Lisa about her and Linda, and about the fact that he had just caught them covered in each other's piss. He found it practically impossible, however, to concentrate on anything other than the amazing blow job that Lisa was giving him.

Linda watched as Lisa sucked Brian's dick and was surprised to discover that she was turned on. She had decided a few years ago that she was done with men, that she was only really attracted to women. She knew that Lisa had always hoped that the three of them would form a romantic threesome, but Linda's hope was that she and Lisa would be able to maintain their current relationship after Lisa and Brian got married. Now, however, a number of things had conspired to really turn Linda on. First, there was the thrill of getting caught. Second was the unexpected reaction Brian had when he saw what was going on. And now there was Lisa practically devouring her fiance's dick. Linda discovered that she had a strong urge to join in.

She looked up at Brian until she caught his eye, then looked down at his dick, and raised her eyebrow. Brian understood the gesture, and looked down at Lisa, indicating that she needed her permission. Linda was able to get her girlfriend's attention, motioned toward Brian's dick, and again raised her eyebrow. Lisa smiled, and nodded her consent.

Linda reached up and grabbed Brian's cock. She then licked the underside of his shaft, circled her tongue around the head a few times, and slid it into his mouth. She gently fondled his balls as she rhythmically sucked on his dick. After sucking his cock for a minute, Linda released it from her mouth, and she and Linda began concurrently licking his shaft.

Like most guys, Brian had fantasized about having two girls at once, but he had been sure that it would remain just that, a fantasy. He couldn't believe that Lisa and Linda were right now giving him the blow job of his life. As shocking as the past few minutes had been, the girls were not yet finished with their surprises.

Lisa looked up at him, with a pleading look on her face, and said, "Brian, piss on us, please!" A few moments ago Lisa would not have believed that she could be so forward, but the recent events had emboldened her.

She had recalled a night, not long after she and Brian had started dating

, when they had been on a camping trip. They had been making out in the tent when Brian had put an abrupt halt to things. "I'm so sorry, but my bladders about to burst. I have to step out and take a piss."

At the time Lisa had wanted to tell him that he did not have to leave the tent, that he was welcome to piss on her. She was worried, however, that he would think of her as a freak, so she simply indicated that it was okay with her if he stepped out to relieved himself. Not wanting to delay the action very long, Brian had stepped just outside the tent, and started to piss a strong stream out of his still rock hard cock.

Lisa had seen this, as he was silhouetted against the walls of the tent by the moonlight. She was shocked that he could piss like that with an erection, as she had understood that this was difficult for guys to do. As she watched the shadow of the rainbow of piss arcing from his dick, she longed even more to taste that stream, and to have it wash over her tits and the rest of her body. When Brian came back in the tent, she had, according to him, given him the fucking of his life. Now that he was standing there enjoying himself as she and Linda, both already covered in piss, sucked and licked his cock, she figured that she would never have a better opportunity to convince him to shower her.

Brian had walked in on the two girls lying on the floor covered in piss. Her had heard Lisa tell him that she had a pee fetish. Still, her request surprised him. What also surprised him was that he was actually okay with it. He nodded his consent, closed his eyes for a second, and relaxed, allowing his bladder to release its contents.

A stream of piss erupted from his bladder, shot into the air, and fell nearby the two ladies. Lisa, with her hand on his cock, adjusted the position so that the stream landed on top of her. She bent her neck back, opened her mouth, and drank for a few seconds, then readjusted his cock so that stream landed on Linda, who also leaned back a took a drink. The two ladies then began to shower in the stream as it fell upon them, rubbing the piss all over their tits.

As his stream started to wane Lisa opened her mouth again to catch the last of his piss. She then stood up, pressed her piss soaked body against him, and gave him a kiss. Brian instinctively held her tight and returned the kiss, and was surprised to find out that she hadn't swallowed her last mouthful.

The piss ran off of their tongues, most of it down their chins and onto their bodies, a bit of it down their throats. Brian found that the taste, while a bit salty, wasn't at all unpleasant, and found that sharing this with Lisa was more than a little exciting.

When they finished kissing Lisa grabbed him by the by the tie and gently began pulling him towards the floor. He went along until he was kneeling next to the two girls. Lisa kissed Brian, and then Linda, and then indicated that they should kiss each other. Her two lovers complied.

Brian couldn't believe that he was actually kissing Linda, and that it was at the request of the woman that would soon be his wife. He had, of course, always been attracted to the raven haired beauty, and had fantasized about her a time or two. But he wasn't the type to guy who would ever cheat on the one he loved, so he kept his fantasies to himself. Now he was kissing her soft lips, which he knew contained a combination of his and Lisa's piss. He found this thought to be very erotic.

It had been years since Linda had felt the strong embrace of a man and kissed his lips. She found Brian to be a great kisser, much better than the boys she had been with in high school. And while she knew that she would always prefer the embrace of another woman, she realized that a relationship with both Brian and Lisa would be fun and exciting.

As they finished their kiss Lisa motioned for Linda to lie back. Linda shivered for a second as her back hit the floor, tas he once hot puddle of piss had now cooled considerably. It took only that second, however, to adjust, and she was soon lost in the sensation of Lisa and Brian each licking a sucking her nipples.

After a few minutes of licking Linda's piss covered body, Lisa worked her way down to her friend's pussy. Seeing Lisa laying on the floor with her face buried between Linda's legs, and with her ass up in the air, looked like an invitation to Brain. He knelt behind his fiance and slipped his cock into her very wet pussy.

Lisa gasped as she felt Brian's dick enter her, then returned to eating Linda. As Brian pounded his cock into Lisa's cunt, it took all of his will power to keep from cumming. Looking down, he saw Lisa's ass shake with each thrust, saw her laying in a puddle of piss with her mouth clamped on Linda's pussy, and saw Linda, laying down in the same puddle, moaning in ecstasy. It was a scene straight out of a porno movie, and something that he would have never believed he would have even witnessed personally, nonetheless take part in.

He was looking at Linda as her eyes began to lose focus and her body began to twitch, knowing that she was on the verge of orgasm. He almost laughed as she came, practically silent, comparing it to the load howls of their mutual lover.

Knowing that Linda was coming, combined with the sensation of Brian pounding her pussy, put Linda over the edge, and she started the cries of OH MY GOD!, soon followed by the shrieks of howls that were typical of the auburn haired beauty.

When Lisa came off her orgasm she was pleased to note that Brian hadn't cum yet. She moved forward a little bit, letting his dick slide out of her pussy, then looked at him and said, "Fuck Linda, please!"

Brian looked down at Linda, who was still in a post orgasmic bliss. She nodded her consent. Lisa stopped Brian as he started to move on top of Linda. "No, honey, I want you to fuck her doggy style, like you did to me." Neither Brian or Linda had any idea why it mattered, but it had long been obvious that Lisa was running things, and both willingly complied. Linda rolled over and got onto all fours, Brian loved the way that Linda's hot, tight ass look as grabbed her ass cheeks and slowly inserted his cock into her still wet pussy.

Linda gasped. She loved the feeling of his flesh as it entered her pussy, and started to move backward at the same rhythm that he thrust forward, allowing his dick to slide deep into her. At the same time she reached a hand back to her pussy, and started to rub her clit as Brian fucked her.

Brian did not know how long he was going to last. He knew that one of the things that Lisa loved about him was his endurance, and that she was likely counting on that right now. However, both of these girls had, not long before, sucked and licked his dick, and he had just fucked Lisa as he watched her eat Linda. There was no way that he was going to be able to last much longer.

Lisa was sitting in a chair masturbating as she watched the pair. She couldn't believe how much she was enjoying watching her fiance fuck her girlfriend. While she had fantasized about the two of them fucking each other many times, she found the real thing to be so much hotter. She could have watched this for hours, letting her fingers bring her to several orgasms, but she knew Brian well, and could tell that he wasn't going to last much longer.

Lisa stood up beside them, parted her pussy lips with her fingers, and started to piss. When her stream initially hit Linda on one of her ass cheeks, she adjusted so that her piss would hit Brian's dick as it thrust in and out of Linda's pussy. This had been the reason that she had wanted them to fuck doggy style. She had guessed that soaking his dick as he fucked would be pleasurable for Brian, and a very positive introduction to golden showers.

She had guessed correctly. Brian found the sight of his fiance as she stood there and pissed on him and Linda beautiful to behold, and absolutely loved the sensation of her stream as it splashed on his dick and torso. That sensation, in fact, was too much, and he came, his cum filling Linda's pussy as it erupted from his dick.

When he finished cumming Brian slid his dick out of Linda, and sat back, exhausted. Linda and Lisa used their fingers to each bring themselves to yet another orgasm. It didn't take long. Lisa then came over to Brian and gave him a huge kiss.

As they finished kissing Brian looked at the clock. "Oh shit!" he exclaimed. "I've got to get to work." He looked at his clothes, which were largely soaked with piss, and knew that he needed to clean himself as well.

"Go ahead and jump in the shower," Lisa told him. "I'll lay you out a fresh set of clothes for you, and then Linda and I will be in there to help you clean up.

As she got up to help him get ready, Lisa had a huge smile on her face. Life was wonderful.

