NANCY (Fictional fantasy  Part I)

5th August 2007, 06:53 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

NANCY

I had inherited the house from a grandmother that I'd never known. In fact I hadn't even known that the house and property existed until I was in college and I got a letter in the mail about a "vacation" home and property, that I'd inherited, near the town and the University. Apparently nobody else in my immediate family had been interested in the property. When I checked it out I found that it was a neat property and the house had been reasonably maintained by a caretaker over the years. However the roof needed replacing, there was a bit of dry rot in the floor joists, and the house was going to need to be replaced soon. But the property was large private and beautiful.

I was in my third year at college when my friend Jennifer told me that her friend Nancy, a graduate student, wanted to move out of the dorms was looking for a room to rent. She told me that Nancy was neat and considerate. So I nervously agreed to meet Nancy. Honestly I hadn't had a serious girlfriend in years and I wasn't sure if I should be renting to a girl. What if she had a boyfriend who I didn't like? Or what if I met the "right" girl and how would she feel when she found out that I had a female roommate? Or what if we didn't get along? That could be ackward too.

###

"Hi, I'm Nancy." She nervously held out a hand for me to shake. She was in her early twenties, had dirty blonde medium length hair, was of medium height had very full hips but a tiny waist and only medium sized breasts.

I'm not usually nervous around girls and I hadn't had a crush on a girl in years but something about her nervous smile made me smile back ackwardly in return and filled me with a mixture of excitement and fear -- fear that this was a potentially very good thing that I didn't want to goof up. Okay, I'll be honest, it gave me a HUGE thrill to know that she was also going to live together with me, but I was also almost terrified at the same time.

I cleaned the house and my car almost obsessively before she moved in and I let her do all of the talking, even though she hardy said a word. Perhaps we were both holding our breath for the month or so. I suddenly became interested in gardening, which I'd overlooked earlier. I pruned the fruit trees, the roses, mulched everything, and bought a used rototiller and went to work on a large vegetable garden. I didn't want Nancy to feel that I was invading her space too much. I tried to be pleasant but inconspicuous. It was exhausting.

One day I was pruning a large hedge. I stepped around behind the hedge unzipped and began taking an urgent pee onto the ground. I was distracted by a rustling sound and I glanced to my right to see Nancy.

"I'm sorry!" Nancy gasped turning her head and hurrying away.

Later when I saw her in the house she smiled at me nervously and couldn't seem to keep herself from looking at my crotch. "You're growing a beautiful garden." Nancy smiled. "Thank you." I nodded smiling nervously myself.

"Could you take me on a tour?"

"Sure." I agreed readily. I took her and showed her the fruit trees and picked fruits for her to taste. I showed her my prize tomatoes and my giant pumpkins. And I swear I could feel the warmth of her body as she stood closely to me even though we didn't touch or hold hands.

Nancy started coming out and working with me in the garden and even though my crush on her didn't lesson I became more much more relaxed and comfortable around her. When I was out with her and I'd had a beer and was feeling even more relaxed I'd even step behind a shrub and casually take a pee whenever the urge hit me. And sometimes she would too.. I'd even snuck a peek at her squatting behind a rhododendron once.

One day when she was sitting on a bench admiring the garden and smiling at me I sat down carefully next to her and, with my heart beating a hundred miles and hour, put my arm around her shoulder and cuddled her softly. She gave me a huge smile and snuggled up against me. I was a little embarrased when I felt my penis growing hard and bulging noticeably in my jeans, but that seemed to only bring a smirk to her face and an increase in the rosyness of her cheeks so I didn't fight to hide it. After that I got even more nerve and would give her a warm hug whenever the urge struck me -- her body snuggled up against mine and my erection, her heart beating madly against mine.

Perhaps it was the beer, or a madness that I was acquiring, but I'd even begun doing crazy things in the garden like turning my back to her and casually peeing right on the ground without hiding much of anything from her. And Nancy reciprocated by giving me an even bigger thrill by occasionally turning her back to me, dropping her pants and panties, exposing her full hips and rear, and squatting and peeing casually with her back to me.

I had to willingly force myself to do it, but the huge smirk on Nancy's face made it worth it -- even if she did look away and only snuck occasional glances. I actually unzipped myself, pulled my semi-erect penis out in full view of her, and peed on the ground right in front of her. It was a little hard to pee right in front of her but the beer that I'd drank made it easier. And she was still grinning ear-to-ear after I was done. So I decided to no longer hide it but just to pee freely outside when ever the urge hit me. I couldn't be bothered with running behind a bush, or turning my back to Nancy.

After about a week of peeing openly in front of Nancy she dropped her pants right in front of me, pulled down her panties, exposing her hairy bush, and squatted while facing me. I watched as nervously as she watched me the first time, but it seemed to increase the intimate bond that was growing between us and we constantly hugging, and cuddling. I wanted to kiss her but I wasn't sure if I should dare.

I began making a game out of peeing by choosing certain object outside and peeing on them; fence posts, the side of the house, the legs and side of the grill, the side of the car. Sometimes Nancy would wear only shorts and she would remove them and pee on things while standing. And other times we'd pee together on things. Strange entertainment, but oddly it gave us a thrill.

Our hugging and cuddling led to kissing. And that led to Nancy removing her blouse and bra so that I could kiss her naked breasts and nipples. We couldn't stop there and the next thing I knew I had her shorts and panties down and my throbbing penis pushing gradually deeper into Nancy soaking wet but tight vagina. It seemed to hurt her a little the first time but we couldn't resist doing it again and again, and Nancy began sleeping with me at night. I don't know how I ever survived without the sensual feel of her skin against mine. It became a need and an enhancement to our lives. I dealt with the fear that I might loose her by suprising her by swinging by the courthouse with her. She married me without hesitation in a civil ceremony. Perhaps later I would tell my parents that I had eloped and I now had a wife.

Nancy had gotten good at peeing while standing and should could pee off of the deck as easily as I could. And Nancy could pee much further than I could. Of course that got a little bit boring and rather than peeing off of the deck, or through the screens on the screened in porch, or out of the garage we started peeing on the deck, making puddles in the garage, and making wet spots on the indoor/outdoor carpet of the screened in porch.

