Nelly's first grown up panty pee!

21st January 2009, 11:07 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

(This is a fictitious story. My first try in the fiction genre... )

Nelly had finished her art school for today. It was such a wonderful spring day, really warm and sunny. She was on her way home but when she passed the park and noticed that the magnolias had opened their flowers she decided to sit down for a while, maybe do some sketches… She bought an ice cream at a stand and, feeling thirsty in the warm weather, a large bottle of coca cola. She found a bench almost surrounded by magnolias and sat down. She licked on the ice cream and had big gulps of the coke. She was a nice looking girl, Nelly, very cute… She wore a short blue skirt and a red jacket, which she took off and put beside her on the bench. Under her jacket she had a t-shirt, thin enough to expose her nipples…

She took out a sketch book and a pencil from her rucksack and tried to catch some magnolia flowers on the paper. She wished that she had brought her water colors so that she could have caught the wonderful colors as well… It was hard to make justice to the beauty of the flower with just a pencil. When she looked at the magnificent flowers, she wished she could paint as Georgia O'Keeffe…

An hour passed by… the ice cream was finished and so was the large bottle of coke… She despaired of getting an acceptable impression of the magnolia flowers and thought it might be time to leave for home. But then a young woman, maybe a few years older than her, sat down on a bench opposite to hers. She was good looking with a very characteristic look, especially her long, auburn hair was beautiful. Nelly decided to stay for a while longer and try to sketch a portrait of her.

The woman had brought a magazine and started to read it. Nelly noticed that her skirt was very short and that it also had a tendency to slip higher and higher up over the thighs. It kind of messed with her concentration on sketching the face of the woman because the up-gliding movement of the skirt was obviously caused by the woman uneasily crossing and un-crossing her legs, eventually showing her pale thighs above the nylon stocking tops and the garters running up. And all the time she was pressing her thighs hard to each other in a rubbing movement! What was she doing? Nelly wondered if she maybe had to pee… It certainly looked that way!

Oh! The woman parted her legs and Nelly got a free view up to the crotch… But in the next moment the view wasn't as free anymore, because the woman's hand had taken place right on the crotch! Her hand pressed and rubbed with slow, circular moves and she parted her legs even more! Nelly's eyes were fixated at that hand and she felt curiously aroused… there were twitches in her lower abdomen… But why? Why was she so turned on by that woman? She's never been in to other girls… But.. It was that time when Annie kissed her on the mouth… and that time… But maybe it wasn't that woman at all… Maybe it was that she by now was getting almost desperate to pee, that she confused that feeling with sexual arousal… She pressed her thighs together and rubbed them… Oh, it felt nice!

My G… now it looked very much as the woman was actually masturbating in front of her! Her fingers fluttered on her pussy outside her panties

… A small, wet spot appeared on the panty crotch. And Nelly didn't feel exactly dry between her thighs either… When she got turned on her juices flowed in abundance and so they did now! Without her being aware of it, her hand found its way in between her thighs… She parted her legs and… heaven! She was really wet! She stroke her fingers outside her panties around her clit, her eyes still fixated on the other woman's pussy…

But what on earth was she doing? Through her panties and between her fluttering fingers gushes of pee passed! Nelly couldn't believe her eyes! In front of her this astonishing woman sat masturbating and peeing herself at the same time! But… whatever! It felt so right at the moment, Nelly thought! She moaned when she felt a torrent of pee flushing around her fingers! She was actually peeing her panties for the first time since she was a little girl!

Series of muffled screams came from the woman and at the same time she raised her pussy up in the air, vehemently shaking in a forceful orgasm! Not one though… there were one after the other! And that did it for Nelly! A most wonderful, convulsive orgasm ran through her body when she saw the woman orgasm and at the same time act like a veritable pee fountain!

Still peeing and orgasming they didn't notice a well dressed woman in her late twenties coming. She stayed in front of the peeing woman:

«Peggy, you're incorrigible! Have you forgotten that we were supposed to meet here and go to the cinema? You naughty, naughty girl! Enticing this innocent girl into masturbating and peeing her panties in a public park! And not even waiting for me… Well… there will still be some fun left for me! Let us invite this wonderfully cute girl to my apartment! That is if she wants of course!»

She turned to Nelly with a questioning look. Nelly was still dribbling pee in her panties and spasms made her pussy twitch. She couldn't speak, so she nodded.

And off they went, all three of them. But not until the last lady had lifted her skirt, peed her panties and given herself a quick orgasm! All standing up!

Yvette

