Jenny Suprised Me Big Time

8th July 2007, 11:12 PM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

I was suddenly wide awake with a sharp pain in my over extended bladder. Next to me Jenny, my girlfriend of a couple of months stirred awake as well. The night before, Jenny and I had said good bye to one of my oldest friends who was moving 1800 miles away by downing what now seemed like a brewery full of beer.

It was at this point that I realized that I had the biggest piss hard-on I think I have ever had in my life. My bladder was screaming for release, and the muscles of my hard-on squeezing so tightly that I was in serious discomfort. I began to get up from bed to go take what I knew would have to be a massive morning piss, when Jenny grabbed my throbbing dick. The back of her hand hit my bladder and I gave out a groan of pain.

Jenny has got to be the wildest girl in bed that I have ever dated. She loves sex and loves to not only receive pleasure, but takes real joy by giving pleasure. She is also the most unselfish lover I have ever known. There have been many a time that she was more than content to satisfy me with out concern for her own pleasure. There are times thought that when she want's sex, she wants it now and takes matters into her own hands. When she is in one of those moods, she gets what she wants and will do what ever she has to, to get her way.

«Baby, I have got to piss now!» I told her, in more than a little discomfort. «I can fix that real fast.» She replied right before her lips wrapped around the purple head of my throbbing dick. She began to lick the underside of my shaft and then began to move her mouth up and down on my swollen prick. I began to moan with both pleasure and pain. Jenny knew quite well what she was doing to me. The pleasure was from Jenny being one of the best at giving head. She loved dick and had no qualms about licking, sucking, and fondling a dick and balls, and she was a swallower.

The pain came from Jenny being one of the best at giving head. She enjoyed it and threw her self into it. She was on her knees between my legs facing me. She was sucking so hard and moving up and down my swollen shaft so quickly her forehead was bouncing off my distended bladder. I knew that with this hard-on there was no way I was going to be able to pee, but my bladder didn't know it and was hollering louder than ever.

Jenny is also one of the few girls that can quickly make me cum from a blow job. Her technique is so good that she can get me off almost on command, and she knows it. Sometimes she will bring me to the brink and stop, doing this over and over until I am almost going crazy to spew. Other times it seems like she is trying to make me cum faster than ever before. Today was one of those days and she started sucking the head of my dick hard while moving her hands up and down the shaft with an interlaced finger twist. With in thirty seconds I knew it was too late and my hips began to buck up and down as I shot my thick white cream into her waiting mouth. She never spilled a drop.

As the throbbing squirts of my dick began to subside, the pain in my bladder began to grow worse. How I do not know. I didn't think my bladder could hurt any worse than it already did. What was worse was the tightening of my muscles that had kept me from peeing before was now quickly subsiding. If I didn't get into the bathroom right now I was going to piss the bed.

My dick was quickly softening now but Jenny just kept on sucking. I started to move her away but she fought back to stay right were she was. «If you don't let me get up right now I am going to piss in your mouth right now!» I exclaimed in more than a bit of pain and distress. Jenny stopped sucking, looked up with a smile and quietly said, «I know.» She went back to sucking and I lay there while the shock of what she had said sank in. I didn't lay there in a stupor long however because at that point my muscles gave way and I began to slowly piss into Jenny's sucking mouth. I tried hard to stop the flow, but there was no way I could now, I just had to pee that badly. Quickly the flow began to grow stronger and stronger and I could hear Jenny swallowing as fast as she could.

My flow now was too strong for her swallowing throat and my hot golden piss began to leak from the sides of her mouth onto my balls, dripping on down onto the bed. Jenny swallowed as fast as she could, her cheeks puffing out with piss, but more and more began to leak out between my now half hard cock and her lips. Finally I reached the apex of my piss and the flow began to subside. Still she swallowed and still I peed with an ever decreasing stream. Finally my flow stopped and then I gave a couple of customary small squirts to empty the last drops from my bladder. Jenny kept sucking for a few seconds more getting the last few drops out. She looked up at me with a smile with a couple of golden drops hanging from her chin. She had one of her wicked little smiles on her face and gave one final swallow. I lay there shocked as what had just occurred.

At that point, Jenny gave a little start and reached between her legs giving herself a squeeze. She started to get up and I grabbed her wrist pulling her back. «Where do you think you are going?» I asked. «My bladder is bursting and I got to pee pee.» She exclaimed. I laughed when she said pee pee as it was what she always said when she needed to go. A hold over from her childhood I always guessed.

«You're not going anywhere.» I told her. She started to squirm now with need and gave me a worried look. I rolled her over on her back and she looked at me with concern. «I'm gonna pee my pants!» she exclaimed, squirming with her legs tightly closed. She had one had tightly clasped over her sweat pants clad pussy.

Jenny often slept in the nude, especially after we fell asleep in each others arms. Other times, like last night she would pull on her favorite pair of pink sweat pants that were two sizes to small. They would fit over her bare body like a second skin, showing every little contour of her sweet little body.

I pulled her hand away and spread her legs as she wiggled more and more to control her bladder. I began to nibble on the pink little camel-toe of her sweats and she gasped. Now she was bouncing all over the bed as I nibbled more and more. All of a sudden she gave a little gasp and a quick squirt of pee darkened that little camel-toe of hers. I quickly grabbed the waist of her sweats and pulled them down to her knees burying my face in her sweet bald little pussy. My tongue shot out and split her lips opening her up.

As I began to lick up and down in her slit she began to whimper and her pussy began to get very wet. Wetter than normal and I knew what was about to happen. She was starting to loose control of her bladder and her sweet pee began to seep out. Quickly I put my mouth over her pussy and thrust my tongue into her sopping wet hole. As I did so I pushed down on her distended bladder and she gave a cry of discomfort. Instantly a hot river of piss began to fill my mouth.

It overwhelmed my ability to swallow and fell onto the bed from between my lips and hers. Soon her flow began to subside and I gave her clit a couple of flicks with my tongue. A couple more and she began to buck, grabbing my hair and pulling my face down hard into her sopping wet pussy. She squealed and pushed my face down hard and I knew that she had just cum with a vengeance. Jenny fell back onto the now soaking bed gasping for breath. I snuggled up next to her in the wet warmth and marveled at what had just happened.

