The Beach House (Part 8)

9th July 2012, 07:39 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After spending a few hours at the beach, drinking plenty of water to stay hydrated and eventually becoming comfortable enough to pee discreetly through their bathing suits every time the need came, the girls finally decided to return to the beach house.

"I think we need a shopping trip," Cheryl said as she unlocked the door. She winked briefly at Kiki who smiled back

"Oh, I'm all for that," Danielle said. "But I want to take a shower first." She entered behind Cheryl, darted into the bathroom, and locked the door behind her.

True to character, Cheryl began to undress right in front of Lara and Kiki. Again, Lara felt very self-conscious. Kiki followed her mother's example and pulled at the straps of her bathing suit.

"So...what kind of shopping do you have in mind?" Lara asked. Cheryl and Kiki giggled.

"Clothes shopping, of course," Kiki said. Her mother laughed again and Lara blushed.

"Did I miss something?" she asked. Cheryl grabbed her towel and wrapped it around her. Then she walked to the balcony, slid the door open, and stepped outside.

"Well... it's just that the last time we went shopping together, it wasn't really about the shopping... if you know what I mean." Kiki covered herself with her towel, as well, and walked outside.

Lara's jaw dropped and she smiled. "I think I do. But how did you pee yourself while you were out shopping? Didn't somebody see you? I mean it's not exactly like you could just drop your pants in the middle of a store."

Cheryl and Kiki looked at each other and then back to Lara. "Skirts," they said together.

"Of course, we didn't just spread our legs and do it out in the open. But there are plenty of ways to wet yourself in public and not get caught." Cheryl stood against the balcony railing, her back to the beach, and with a sigh she peed forcefully into her towel. A dark spot appeared and grew as her pee hissed against the fabric and dripped quietly down her legs. Lara envied Cheryl's brazenness and thought about how amazing it must feel, the pee spraying freely over her inner thighs and flowing delicately down her legs.

"Okay," Lara said, "now I have to go, too." She sat down in one of the deck chairs, spread her legs, pulled her bikini bottoms aside and let go. Cheryl and Kiki watched intently as her pee began as a trickle. There were no slats or holes on the chair's bottom so her pee began to pool between her legs. As she peed more forcefully, a burbling sound made them all giggle as her pee sprayed into the puddle.

"Well, that's a new one," Kiki said as she sat down in another one of the deck chairs. She spread her legs a little and the towel drooped at her crotch, making a slight divot between her legs. "I don't think we've ever peed in these deck chairs. How does it feel?"

"Mmm," Lara answered with a moan, "pretty great. Oh..." She closed her eyes and peed full force, licking her lips at the feeling of pee splashing all over her legs as it squirted into the pool at her crotch. The pool finally spread to the edge of the chair and began to trickle onto the balcony floor.

As her flow subsided, Lara heard another hissing sound and opened her eyes to see Kiki sitting up in the chair across from her, legs spread, peeing full force into her towel. A visible dark spot was spreading across her crotch as the towel attempted to absorb her pee. She panted as her pee hissed out forcefully. "Oh, wow, that's nice. It's getting me warm all over. Mmm."

"Looks that way," Cheryl said. "I still have to go a little." She opened her towel and spread it behind her, baring all of her womanhood to Lara and Kiki. She put her legs together and sighed again. Lara watched, mesmerized, as Cheryl's pee sprayed against her inner thigh and caressed her legs in small trickles that snaked down in small, clear tendrils, adding to the puddles at her feet. When she finished, she wrapped herself up again and giggled. "I think Danielle should be about finished in the shower. Let's get cleaned up and get ready to go."

Kiki and Lara both stood up, dripping as they did. They tipped the deck chairs over and laughed as they poured their pee onto the balcony carpet, creating dark puddles that they would no doubt add to later.

