A night to remember ~ (Fiction, hope it doedn't offend anyone)

26th March 2010, 02:22 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

This is a fiction story, perhaps more of a fantasy, and it is very erotic and graphic so i sure hope i do not offend anyone?~! But before i go on my faraway travels i wanted toleave a good story for all the amazing wonderful friends I have found on here. In particular Missy, Beesee, As90, Rik, and Voyeur. But there are many others as well~! Remember as the Terminator says, I will be back, lol!

It's been awesome meeting you and you've been the best lover I have had, fun, adventurous, and quick to recover and respond. So it has been a great challenge to ensure I continue to rise to the challenge and keep it fun and interesting whilst you are here on this oh so short visit. We know each other's deepest darkest secrets, and having shared them have found kindred spirits and a kind of release, a relaxation and feeling of being understood without any judgement, that there is nothing either of us could say that would shock the other! Maybe raise an eyebrow, lol, but not judge! I have loved every little thing you have done for me and to me, and have tried hard to equal your sexual proclivity.

So tonight I am going to try something old, yet new. Something I have not yet done, and which I want to do with you and I have a specific reason for wanting to do it, a new variation, so to speak. You know I am up to something and your smile tells me you are looking forward to it. It's a nice feeling knowing all day that tonight I have something planned. We've spent the day the beach, touching each other all day, your hands rubbing sun block into my skin, me returning the favour. You bought me choc flake ice cream, then proceeded to lick most of it faster than I could ~ hmmm that darned tongue of yours!! Hehehe!!

It's been a fun yet not particularly sexual day. I have enjoyed it. Enjoyed just being with you, getting wet, and sticky, and salty, and hot from the sun. Mind you hot, wet, sticky, salty... sounds like a normal sex-filled day for us I think to myself with a giggle. But strangely enough we had fun without any sex today. Sexual tension for sure. When I rubbed suntan oil into your back and thighs and deliberately pushed my fingers up underneath the hem of your shorts, I knew what I was doing was turning you on and I noticed it took some time before you could turn over again with a peeved smile in my direction! But I have told you that tonight is again my night to plan our 'entertainment'...

So after way too much sun and sand and salt, off we go home. You were delegated to the guest bathroom while I lay and soaked in the tub upstairs. As agreed you come upstairs at 7pm and I am waiting at the entrance to my large bedroom. I watch your eyes light up as you see me and I smile broadly. It's nice to be appreciated, so I twirl in front of you. You wonder to yourself when I found the time to find this outfit! I am wearing a leather bra, soft black leather, very revealing, with criss-cross straps of leather leaving little to the imagination, and allowing my hard rosy nipples to stick out.

With this I have on a short leather mini skirt, black fishnet stockings and leather boots worn knee-high. Leather wrist bands complete the outfit, and I have my hair loose and curly. Red shiny lips, dark eyeliner and light purple glitter eye shadow are unusual for me, but it suits the whole costume I have chosen. I lead you into the room, which is darkened, lit only by candle-light. I have Meatloaf playing medium loud on the music centre, and after you enter you look at me, raising your eyebrows. I laugh softly.

You turn to look at the room again and notice the bedding has been changed and over the bed is a black sheet which when you touch it feel almost like latex. Now your eyebrows are really raised. I shake my head and laugh again! I come towards you and unbutton your shirt. «Hmm now why did I even get dressed?» you ask with a wry smile. I don't answer as I slide you out of your pants and take off your jocks, resisting the urge to touch your lovely half stiff cock. Hmmmm boy I do love it so!! «Lie back I say» and you oblige. I get you to move to the centre of the bed and then handcuff your arms to the headboard - which is heavy wood. You have no qualms and I never ask if you have done this before, but you trust me and know this is bound to be fun, pun intended. I ask you to lay spread eagled and you happily oblige.

I crawl over you to secure the cuffs and you see I have no panties on... just fishnet stockings that finish mid thigh. You lick your lips slightly at the glimpse of my sweet little pussy and the soft red pubes. You also get to almost touch my breasts with your mouth as I lean over... but I see your intention and move back slightly. «Hey, my lover» I say softly. «There is one rule only tonight - you must do what I say and only what I say when I say it, so NO touching or tasting...yet»... You grimace teasingly but your eyes shine with eagerness. After I have secured you to the bed I open my walk in closet and bring out a two shelf trolley. You glance at it and see on the top shelf a bucket of ice, some glace cherries on stalks, some marinated mushrooms, asparagus, and sliced biltong... yummy. On the bottom shelf is an array of intimate oils, and a pink vibrator. Hmmm - even more yummy...

I wheel it closer and then reach over to blindfold you. I make sure its tight and that you really cannot see and then let you lie a few minutes to adjust and so your other senses can heighten. Then I crawl onto the bed and kneel between your legs, making sure I can still reach the trolley, although it requires me to bend over you, my breasts and body rubbing against you as I do... if feel your cock stir against my knee as I do so and smile to myself.

I get a cherry and then lean over «open your mouth now» I say in a sing song voice. You smile and do so...I rub the cherry against your lips and you taste the sweetness, open a little more and I let you bite the cherry off the stalk. When you have finished I lean against you and lick your lips slightly and you open your mouth your tongue trying to touch mine but I pull away with a little laugh. I reach for a firm piece of asparagus and again ask you to open wide. I dangle the asparagus and see your tongue reaching. You bite and I watch your face. You had half expected cherry again and your mind has to adjust, but once it does you bite lustily. I follow this with another cherry and then a mushroom, and then salty biltong slices.

You enjoy the tastes - it's so different when you cannot see what is coming and you have to actually taste it. So I enjoy feeding your for a while, every now and then leaning in real close to lick your lips or suck your tongue so I can also taste. Although this is sexy I can half sense your arousal level drop just a little as you relax and start to enjoy being fed. I smile to myself as I continue to feed you a while... I am already planning to kick it up a notch soon, but you will need your strength... hehehe. I have deliberately been holding and my bladder is deliciously full but nowhere near desperate or painful and for once I do not want to get completely desperate ... oh no, just deliciously full~! The thought of what I am planning makes my whole body tingle. Sexual pee play is the most awesome orgasmic fun I think anyone can ever have~!

After most of the nibbles are gone, I take some ice from the bucket, and with no warning slowly run it along your hot skin, watching you wince at first, enjoying the goose-bumps that arise. The ice melts on your hot skin and little trickles run down from your nipple where I am rubbing it. I bend over and follow the trickle with my tongue and you gasp and your cock starts to stiffen again. I nod, pleased. I run ice over your tummy, and then on your hard cock, which makes you gasp, and your cock buck in my hands delightfully. The water trickles onto your balls and I bend down to suck it off your balls... watching your cock stiffen more and your balls tighten. Hmmm now that makes me wet... and it makes me giggle as I know by now, after all the water I gave you earlier, your bladder must be quite full too, and that makes me even wetter...

I need to move this up yet another notch so I remove your blindfold and you blink as your eyes adjust to light in the room as dim as it is, and then you focus on me and smile. I cannot help but smile back.

«Enjoy your snackies?» I ask huskily. «Mmmm yes,» you answer and I cannot control myself I have to lie on top of you and kiss you. I am still in my outfit, not yet naked, but as my nipples are free, they rub delightfully against your skin and harden. I break away in mid kiss. I get up and stand, and slowly as you watch me I kick off my boots. I slide down my tight lil skirt and stand there in my leather brand fishnet stockings, my ivory skin gleaming in the candle-light. Your eyes cannot help but be drawn to my rounded pussy, and I see where your eyes go, and my one hand moves down and I rub myself gently on the outside. Mmmm feels good. I climb back on the bed. I sit flat on my butt, my pussy a mere foot or so from your cock, and open my legs wide, over your spread legs.

Your eyes fixed on me, your shaft getting stiffer by the second. My eyes not leaving yours, I open my pussy lips so you can see my wetness. I run my fingers over my clit... close my eyes at how good it feels, slip my middle finger inside, deep, to the knuckle... and murmur in pleasure.

I slowly move another finger inside myself, and you can hear my wetness, smell my scent, musky and warm. I pull my fingers out, open my eyes, look at you and slowly lick them then suck them hard. «hmmm» I giggle. «Finger-licking good... want to taste?» I ask with a laugh. You nod eagerly and watch me as I again slide my fingers inside... then slowly manoeuvre closer and let you suck my juice off my fingers. You suck greedily and I lean in and kiss you deeply. Your hands shake the handcuffs a little - you want so much to hold and touch me and I break away and smile... in good time, in good time...

I move back into position and slowly play with myself while you watch. I am so close to cumming, you see the sheen of sweat on my skin, the intensity of emotion on my face, my closed eyes, the way I lick my lips. I slowly open my eyes and look at you. «want to taste some more?» I ask and you nod in a daze. I stand up, move over and bend over you so my pussy is in your face and you can taste and lick and suck, I help you by opening my pussy lips wide and just about faint in pleasure when you slide your tongue over my swollen clit and deep inside me.

I grind against you, being so selfish for change that I scarcely give a thought to you as your tongue and teeth and lips work on me. I grind against you hard, let you tongue fuck me hard and deep, and I groan aloud in pure pleasure. I am so close to cumming and you want me to, beg me to let go and cum, but it's not my plan for you tonight, lover man. Your eyes meet mine and you beg me to please please please just give you a little taste. You KNOW I must be holding and you want to taste my pee. How can I resist such a plea?

So I lean in close and your mouth closes over me. The warmth of your mouth and tongue is making me throb and tingle and I have to concentrate really hard. Then I feel myself relax and a small little stream trickles into your mouth~! You gulp greedily but I do not give more. I do however bend down so I can kiss you can taste my own golden nectar on your tongue.

So reluctantly I move away, legs weak. I again sit straddled across you, but lean back on my arms for a moment. Whew ~! you make me weak!! But I am still friggin' horny! So I reach across for a bottle of intimate oil, this one is peppermint and makes me tingle inside. Watching you again, I pour some on my hands, then slowly I spread my pussy lips and then with you watching me, rub the oil all over my pussy, take the bottle and pour a little into my pussy, before I slide an oiled finger inside me... your sharp intake of breath tells me I am driving you wild. Now my musky scent is mixed with the smell of peppermint. I reach across you again, my right breast grazing your hard cock, and I get the pink vibrator. You look at me and lick your lips, nodding a little. Oh yes, your eyes say...

I slowly oil the rounded latex cockhead of the vibrator, and watching your eyes, slowly slide it inside me as deep as it can go. I adjust it so the little bunny ears are against my clit and turn it on. Ohhhh god it feels good, the oil makes me tingle in a hot way and some seeps out along the edges of the vibrator. The ears against my clit are vibrating so deliciously and it sends shudders along my body and I lean back, eyes closed, and you watch my tummy and thigh muscles tighten in pleasure as I rotate my hips and fuck myself with the vibrator. I start slowly moving the vibrator in and out, going faster and faster, deeper and deeper, my stomach muscles tremble and my ribs move up and down. I hear your ragged breathing, and hear you say «cum for me K, cum for me».

My breasts heave up and down as the rhythm increases. I shake my head from side to side, and increase the tempo. I feel the waves of passion engulf me, feel my toes straighten and my thighs lock, feel my muscles contract and release, and groan loudly «oh fuckkkk» and I cum hard, unable to stop a delightfully hot wet spurt of pee from escaping as I do. It takes a few seconds before I regain composure and open my eyes to look at you.

Your eyes are bright and a glance at your cock shows precum oozing. You seem to have enjoyed the show. I push myself up to a kneeling position, kneeling with my pussy over your cock, and slowly pull out the vibrator. As I do so a sligt gush of my hot wet pee and cum juices drip warmly against your cock and balls, mixed with warmed peppermint oil. You groan and your cock bucks. I slowly lick the vibrator and give it to you to lick. Whilst I gently massage your cock with my hot wet juices, then move down to lick your shaft, suck your balls. Hmm nice... so nice... I take the vibrator from you and lie across you again, my wet hot swollen pussy grinding your cock as I kiss you, I feel your cock push against me, see in your eyes your desperate need for release

I lean back, grab your cock in my one hand and slowly push down so you slide inside me. I am hot and tight, slick, and swollen, and the peppermint oil makes your cock immediately tingle in a nice way. I push just the tip inside, and I feel you use all your strength to rise up and try to push yourself deeper inside me. I tantalise you a while, just fucking the tip of your cock, enjoying the wet sucking sound it makes when you slide in and out... I do this a while and feel another orgasm of my own building and I can no longer stop myself, I push down and you slide inside me - deep - so deep I gasp and you groan.

You have no control over this and it's both enticing and frustrating. If you could right now you'd fuck me hard and fast because you have been driven to that point, but I force the pace to be slower, letting you slide almost all the way out before sliding down on you again and taking you deep inside me. I enjoy this but I myself have a driving need to cum again and so I increase my pole sliding and fuck you hard, fast, deep, my breasts bouncing up and down, hair flying. You somehow thrust up to meet me as I slide down and your cock goes in so deep it feels like it touches my heart.

My bladder is so delightfully full and the pressure as your cock thrusts in, pushing against that ever so full organ is so delightful I moan out loud and throw my head back. I can feel the deep need to release building inside me even as my orgasm builds, and I know if I time this right, if I can relax enough, I will be able to let go just a second before I orgasm so that I can orgasm while peeing. Oh I know from experience if my orgasm kicks in first then sometimes the contracting waves of pleasure make it hard for me to pee.

It does not take long for to feel that I am about to cum, and cum hard~! So I raise up slightly so your cock almost completely slides out of me, and hold for a second. I feel your eyes open as you look up at me for a moment nonplussed at me stopping, but the look on my face tells you what to expect and I feel your cock buck again in excitement. At that moment I let go, and my pee hisses out past your cock, warm and wet all over your balls and groin and as that happens I slide down, causing a little splash of pee to squirt out sideways, spreading drops onto your lower tummy.

The feel of my hot pee pressing against your cock and filling me up with you inside, the wet squelchy sounds as I ride you hard, my pee still flowing, sends you completely over the edge, and you cum - very hard - inside me, the feeling is so intense, so amazing, and you cum so hard I actually feel it as a pressure inside me, and it blows me away! Wow what a feeling! I cum again hard, shivering, my legs quivering against you, my bladder now almost empty as the last few drops run out of me, and we both let out loud animalistic groans of satisfaction.

As I slow the pace and your poor abused cock starts to shrink, your eyes tell me that you need to release too, and I hold your now semi hard cock just inside me and feel your hot spurting piss flood inside me, filling me before dripping back out. This feeling triggers yet another orgasm, spurred on by the grunting satisfaction I hear as you release your pee, and I have to be careful not to let the spasms to cause me to constrict my hand on your cock. As your flow ebbs and you soften even more, your cum and pee floods out mixed with my juices and my pee, and I bend over and lap it up, pausing only to let you taste our mixed treasures on my tongue, then I finish licking you clean.

Because of the length of tantalisation I made you endure, you are exhausted and I am trembling all over. I collapse on you and hear your heart pounding. I kiss every inch of your face and tell you how much I love the way you fuck me, the way you make me feel. As I catch my breath I reach over and release your handcuffs. Your hands immediately move to embrace me tight. Slowly somehow we roll over and you are on top of me. My hands caress your back softly, soothingly and you kiss me softly, gently. I look up into your eyes. I love that look in your eyes, that look that says «fuck you are awesome». I smile back and whisper... «Hey there, when you catch your breath ...it's YOUR turn...» and your eyes gleam as you ponder how you will pay me back...

