Friends Group Pissing

1st March 2010, 06:40 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

This happened on a late spring day which was a Saturday. I was up and out doing some fishing in one of my neighbors ponds on his property. The day was super nice being sunny and warm with above average temperature for the time of year. I was siting on the grassy bank by the edge of the pond with my pole cated out into the water in front of me. I was enjoying the warm sun,being relaxed, and the fishing.

I had been there about two hours by the side of the pond by myself. Then I had company show up. Barbie S, her sistor Jeannie, Barbie H, and Susan S. Seeing me sitting on thegrass by the pond all of the girls came over to me. After the usuall greetings to each other and questions about my fishing which I hadn't cuaght anything yet. The question was brought up by Barbie H about the ponds water. Was it to old to go in as far as wadeing.

I told Barbie H I didn't know. So next Barbie H took off her socks and sneakers and she tried it. She only got out just a little ways and she ran back out back up on the grass. Oh thats cold! Barbie S said loudly to us all. The other girls in the group laughed and giggled first but then some dissapointment set in for they wanted to cool off.

Now besides the large pond there was a creek a short distance away but that would be colder then the pond was. We all knew that. So that was not attempted by any of the girls. Now just down from where we were was a much smaller place which was dug out by my neighbor and was filled with water. Any place where my neighbor dug he would hit water.

Now this pool was narrow being about ten feet wide twenty feet long and was shallow. Maybe about three feet deep. Perfect for wadeing in. So at first both Barbie H, Barbie S walked over to this pool of water. Jeannie,Susan S, and myself stayed where we were and watched the two Barbies test the small pools water.

Now both girls were wearing dresses and already Barbie H was in bare feet for attempting the large pond she did wait for Barbie s to remove her shoes and socks which she did. Then as we watched both Barbie's holding hands and holding hands stepped into the edge of the pool of water. Barbie H immeadiatly giggled. Barbie S though said loudly; Hey the water is not bad at all in here!

That was enough for Jeannie and Susan leave me and they ran over to the pool of water kicking off thier shoes or sneakers as they got thre. Then they both peeled thier socks off and they stepped into the water. Both Barbies had wadeded out into deeper water by this time. The water level was up to thier knees and bothh of the girls had raised the hems of thier dresses up to keep them from getting wet.

Now also both Susan and Jeannie were wearing dresses but being in shallower water had lifted them up yet. But Jeannie seing how far up her sistor and Barbie H had raised thier dresses laughed and said to them both; Any higher you two someone is going to see your PANTIES! (meaning me) Barbie H and Barbie S both laughed at first. Then they both spoke up.

Barbie S said back to her sistor; I don't have to worry for I HAVE NONE ON! Barbie H giggled harder but she said to Jeannie S; I haver panties on but if I need to keep them dry I'll just take them rght off! Besides Jeannie it wouldn't be something that we haven't done before with Victor around! Now all of the girls laughed real loud. I joined in with the girls laughing now myself. What she had said was true! ( I was now fully erect now with watching the girls and thier talking!)

Now with all the girls in the water together I became much more interested in them then going on with my fishing. So I left my pole and walked down to the pool of water where the girls were and I sat down on one of the small dirt piles along side of the pool of water. The girls laughed some as they all wadeded around in the water together. They aso splashed the water some too on themselves or at each other. They all seemed to be enjoying themselves quite a bit.

Then after some time did pass Barbie H waded over to where there was a dirt pile got out of the water and up on the side of the dirt pile just being out of the pool of water. Jeannie then asked Barbie H; Staying out now? Barbie H replied right back to Jeannie S; NO I HAVE TO PEE! Barbie H started hiking her hands up under her dress to pull her panties down. Barbie S along with Jeannie S, and Susan S all giggled first. Then one right after the other said that they had to pee or piss too!

Then Jeannie S said to all the girls; Why just we all piss together? Right in the water! That brought loud giggles and laughter from all of them. Also without any hesitation all of the girls said they would do it too! Now Barbie H up on the side of the dirt pile pulled down a pair of black panties and slipped them off completely layed them thier on the dirt pile and stepped back down into the pool of water.

Barbie S didn't have to take any panties off for she already had told everyone she was not wearing any. Now that left Jeannie and Susan to take thiers off if they were wearing any. Jeannie was not for she like her sistor just raised her dress up and she had none on! Susan was so she like Barbie H had done stepped out of the water reached under her dress and slipped down a white pair of panties and tossed them with Barbie H's panties on the dirt pile.

Now all of the girls wadeded together in a line not facing frontward to me. They were heading towards the back of the pool of water to piss where there were bigger piles of dirt and high weeds,grass, and bushes along both sides of the pool of water. I laughed for even though allof them were going to piss in a group and I was there they still needed to feel to have better cover!

Now the dirt pile I was sitting on would not make me all that close to them so I got up and went down along the one side of the pool of water and I sat down on another dirt pile which put me closer to all of the girls. Les then ten feet from them. Now with te girls wadeing to the far end of the pool not facing me and all of thier dresses raised up high I watched four bare asses facing me till they reached where they were going to pis in the pool of water near the end of it.

Let me describe the girls bare asses before I go on with more. Barbie S was the heaviest in weight of all the gilrs. So she had the biggest ass! She was not fat by any margin! Her asscheeks were large well rounded and firm. Her sistor Jeannie was slim like both Susan S and Barbie H. Her ass was like her sistor ass but just smaller in scale. Same well roundness, very firm, same long crack between them but not as far as her asscrack not as wide as her sistors Barbie S.

Now as for Susan and Barbie H both of them like I said were slim in nature. But both gilrs had nice looking asses! Like Barbie S Susan S and Barbie H's asscheeks were very full,well curved, firm, but shorter and narrower cracks in thier asscheeks. Now the girls all turned around and faced foward togther. Now the girls barefronts were facing me so I had four pussys to look at now!

Let me say this first. Yes the looks as far as the parts of a girls vagina they all have the same makup. A clit, vulva, lips, and a peehole. But the shapes of these parts are different! Each of the four girls pussies were different. Barbie S her pusssy's clit was the largest being long and wide. Her sistor Jeannie her clit was a short stub. Barbie H's clit was thin but long while Susan S's was short but a litle more stubby then Jeannie's and Susans.

Each of the girls slit lengths varied. Barbie S having the longest followed by Barbie H, then Susan S and last Jeannie. Barbie S led the group with the longest and widest lips, Susan was second, Susan was third and Jeannie bring up the rear.

Now all of the girls pee holes I have seen real close up for they all have pissed in front of me alone, one two three four together, or one at a time in a group. :-) Well this time it would be the four of them together again. The way they were standing in a row in the pool of water was Barbie H,her sistor Jeannie, Susan S and then Barbie H on the end of the line.

As it happened since Barbie H had started this by saying that she had to pee first then the rest of them Started to squat. Susan next to her also started to squat but Barbie S and Jeannie the two sistors remained standing. Plus right then Jeannie and her sistor Barbie S seeing Susan and Barbie H were going to squat and piss Barbie S asked them both; Are you two not going to stand also?

Before Susan S and Barbie H replied to Barbie S's question Barbie H's pussy shooting straight down came a hard piss stream! Barbie H wasn't kidding at all about needing to piss! She had been desperate to go as far as the looks of it right now! Seing and hearing Barbie S's piss stream Jeannie yellled out to Barbie H; STOP! Go standing like the rest of us! You too Susan!

Barbie H struggled to get her piss stream to stop. For it did gush for what seemed to be several long seconds and theneased off came to a dripping stop. Barbie H then stood back up along with Susan S next to her. Susan commented to Barbie H; If I satrted to go like that I would have never been able to stop! Barbie H turned and looked at Susan S and aid to her; I didn't think I was going too but I did.

Now all four girls were standing again. But poor Barbie H couldn't hold back and wait for the other girls to start pissing. As soo as she stood back up again from her pussy a hard stream not quite as hard as the piss that had come out when she had squated splashed hard in the water. Barbie H sighed loudly too. This brought a hard giggle form only Jeannie having Barbie H start pissing hard aagin before any one of them had started.

Then the rest of the other girls started pissing along with Barbie H. Here's how it happened. Susan S and Jeannie S started together with this hissing streams going straight down out of thier pussies peeholes. A few seconds later Barbie S joined in. Her stream didn't go straight down. Instead it angled outward as it flowed. It didn't hiss but made a good splash in the pools water and her piss made plenty of bubbley foam where Barbie H's piss wasn't and Jeannie S and Susan S were making just some small patches of piss foam.

None of the girls streams sprayed. They all had thier streams having a twist in them in different lengths. Also the streams themselves varied in different shades of yellow too. Barbie Shaving her piss being a dark golden yellow, (her piss foam was the same way) Her sistor Jeannies piss was much lighter being a pale yellow. Then Susan S;s piss was daker being gold but not as dark as Barbie S's piss. Susan S's piss was somewhere in between.

Now wit all four of the girls pissing into the pool of water the waters surface was rippled by all four of the girls streams. Then after a short time maybe ten seconds Jeannie S yelled out loudly; Hey we're warming up the water! I can feelit getting warmer! That brough giggles form th erest of the girls and Susan S and Barbie S said they both could feel that the water felt warmer right around them too. I sat there on the dirt pile and I laughed. Well being such a smallash pool and having four of them pissing in it it could have been true.

Well Barbie H being the first of the girls to iss she was the one that stopped pissing first. Her hard stream eased right off into a long dribble which she wound up pissing down her entire pussy and crotch winding up with her piss running down both of her inner thighs untill it did stop dribbling. Then she also did some dripping to then stopped. Barbie H then squated right down into the water wetting her ass and she plashed her thighs lightly with water to get the piss off her thighs.

Jeannie let out a short giggle and said to Barbie H; Hey you're just splashing piss back on yourself! Barbie H paused her splashing her thighs with her hand looked at Jeannie and did wait. Susan S next to her was the next girl to stop pissing. As her stream eased off it hissed and then stopped hissing just nefore she stopped. Then Susan S must have given a push. A short hard stream of piss again shot from her pussy for a few seconds along with a loud raspy sounding fart from her assole!

That made Barbie H next to Susan S giggle hard. Jeannie S let out a short giggle too along with a poke in Susan S;s ribs and said to her at the same time; You better not s**t! Susan S said right back to Jeannie S; I'm not going to! Giggling she also said to Jeannie S; I pushed a litle to hard. Jeannie S gave Susan a hard look and then her piss stream just shot right off cleanly and Jeannie S quickly stepped out of line and wadeded off to the side of the pool of the water. She didn't seem to trust Susan S about taking a s**t! Susan didn't.

Now that left Barbie S who still had her forward piss stream splashing loudly and hard into the pool of water still making lots of piss foam too. Barbie S went on pissing for sometime which the rest of the girls had waded forward turned around and watched Barbie S piss. Before Barbie S did stop her stream straitened right out hissed some the hissing stopped. Her stream stopped only taking a pause and she then did several spurts in a row and then stopped. Barbie S was now done with her piss.

All of the girls then got out from the pool of water sat down with me on the dirt pile. I thanked them all of course! I got some return thank yous and some giggles from Jeannie S and Barbie H. Barbie S and Susan S just smiled. Then one of the girls mentioned about my fishingpole. So we all got up went back over by the pond where I had left it. It was still there and we all sat down on the grass togther and the girls dreid off while we all sat in the sun together. The End

