On Holiday

1st April 2011, 12:15 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

I have been in Spain since January and I am still here until the end of April (lucky me).

I moved into a different apartment two weeks ago in Benalmadena. It is quite secluded but there are two apartments (both were empty) each side that overlook mine. So I was quite secluded and could do as I wish.

Three days (Tuesday) ago I heard voices in the apartment next to mine. I could hear that it was two women talking in a foreign language and thought maybe they were scandinavian.

I always sit or lay on my balcony naked as it is what I enjoy, and if I wish to piss there and then, then I also do that as well.

On the Wednesday morning I was out on the balcony. The time was about 10.30 and it was quite hot. I was laying on the sunbed naked as usual when I saw one of the women sit at the table on their balcony. The table was about 8 feet away, and she clearly saw me there. I watched her get out of her chair and go inside.

At this point I was thinking that as I was naked and I may have upset her, but no, she went inside and I heard her whispering. It was a couple of minutes later that I saw them both standing at their balcony door looking at me laying there and giggling. They are both in their 40's and one of them is quite attractive.

At about 11.45 I decided that I had to have another bottle of water, I had already drunk two bottles earlier, so I got up and went inside. When I returned with the water both women were sitting at the table, which had now been moved much closer to my balcony. It was now about 4 and a half feet away and one of them was topless.

We all said hello and I just carried on as normal. I just lay back down again naked on the sunbed.

I drank the water quite quickly and within half an hour I wanted to pee, not desperate, but desperate enough for them to see me. By this time we had spoken a few more words and they are from a place called Tampere in Finland.

Very soon I just had to let go, so I lifted my cock up in the air and begun to pee straight up in the air. It went all over me and it made a splashing noise when it landed on the floor tiles.

I was not too sure if this would be accepted by my two onlookers, but to my surprise it was. They just laughed and thought it amusing. I enjoyed being watched whilst I peed.

I went out in the afternoon and when I returned at about 6.00pm saw them still on the balcony with the table now right next to my balcony. It was now no more than 3 feet away. Now I thought what am I supposed to think!

On to yesterday (Thursday). I went out on the the balcony at about 10.20am and they were already sitting at the table. I walked out naked as usual and to my surprise both of them were sitting at the table topless.

We all said good morning and they asked if I had a good time yesterday, I laughed as I knew what they meant. I replied that I always have a good time. Did you both have a good time yesterday. they said that they had never seen anyone do that before. I replied, I am always doing it as I like it.

I drank three bottles of water in about just over an hour, then I drank another bottle. so by almost mid-day I was really bursting to go. I knew that if I held it as long as I possibly could they would see a good lot of pee.

It was time to pee. The trouble was I had an erection as I was looking at their nice breasts, lol. This did not go without comment either by one of the women. I managed to get my stiff cock down again and it was then that I started to let go just as one of them was talking to me. I was not going to stop so I held my cock upwards and I see them look as they knew what was coming. I started to pee and I waved my cock around and it went everywhere. All over me and all over the tiled floor making a really loud splashing sound. I thought I was never going to stop. I was soaking wet as was the floor, lol. So it was time for a clean up.

When I layed down on the sunbed again they told me their names and they asked mine. We sat and chatted for a while about the peeing thing and i suggested that if they had never tried it before they may enjoy it. I did suggest that they do it in private first as they may not like it.

Laying there naked talking with them felt really nice and I could not take my eyes of their breasts. I knew that my cock was getting hard again as all could see. So I decided to get up and sit on the edge of the sunbed and went for it. There I am with a stiff cock with two women looking at it. I started to wank myself and stood up in front of them. I was just looking at them whilst wanking and they would not take their eyes of my cock. I was just about to cum when I realised that it may go over them so I slightly turned and cum my lot. One of the women said that she found it very sexy to watch a man cum and that she enjoyed watching.

They have gone to Seville today so I shall not see them until later. We are going out for a meal and a drink this evening.

I shall post on Sunday if anything happens later today or during tomorrow. I have the added benifit of knowing they are here for another four days.

