A "Wet" Massage - Exhibitionist Peeing, Masturbation, and other fun

19th January 2013, 06:08 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

I will be going away soon, but wanted to provide a gift to this community first - so I actually went out this morning with the intention of returing with a story to tell! And don't be sad; I'm like a rare, tropical bird. Months may go by between sightings, and then as quickly as I fly in...I'm gone again. I just appreciate the short time I get to be on here.

I travel fairly often for my job, and I'm currently out of town this weekend at a conference. Normally, I'd fly home for the weekend - but I was able to get a really nice suite so I figured I'd stay. And by the way, I'm back in my suite now and relieved to be wearing exactly what I prefer: absolutely nothing.

One thing I always like to do when I'm out of town on trips is to try to squeeze in a massage at a local spa, to help relieve the stress and tension of flying. I had my appointment first-thing this morning, so this all just happend a few hours ago. Every detail is still fresh in my mind.

Having been inspired by some of the desperation stories on here, I figured it might be fun to go in with a full bladder while the guy is touching me all over. And my massage therapist was very cute - a graduate student who had studied massage and now had a night and weekend job to help pay for school. I will not be using his name on here, because it just wouldn't be fair to him. Although knowing that I would never see him again helped me to be A LOT less inhibited.

I'm fortunate, because I can afford this as a DINK. But I always go for the longest massage that any place has available - so always full-body, and this one was normally 90 minutes but I had paid for a 30-minute extension. 2 full hours! I've actually vacationed at nudist resorts, so I'm very comfortable in my own skin (usually more comfortable than the person giving me a massage). Today was no exception; he was a confident young man but I could tell that he was a little nervous around me. I knew I could use that to my advantage. And I definitely did!

It didn't take long for me to realize that having a full bladder and getting a worthwhile massage simply didn't go together. But then I had an idea...

As he was massaging closer to my mid-section, I squirmed a little and said, "I am so sorrybut I really have to pee. Bad."

"Oh, it's OKit happens all the time," he responded. "There's a robe right there and the bathroom is down the hallway."

"No, I really don't want to take a break from this massage to get dressed." I continued, "So I know it sounds strange, but please just let me pee into that garbage can over there." They had an oversized sink, but the faucet would be in my way. I could use it to clean up the small plastic garbage can afterward, but didn't want to try to sit up there. "Don't worry," I said, "I'll totally clean it up and no one will ever know. I promise."

He was hesitant, and tried to convince me to just use the bathroom. But I insisted that I didn't want to get dressed back up. "OK, that should be fine I guess. I'll leave you alone for a few minutes, and will come back."

I started to get up, and stood next to the bed - stark naked. He was used to talking with clients who were either robed, or under a sheet. But not standing completely nude in front of him. And I'm proud of how I look: I'm 28, I work out a lot, and my pussy is completely bare from a full Brazilian laser hair removal. I also like tanning some, even though it's not good for me. So no tan lines either.

"No way," I responded. "If you leave, people will know something is up. And I don't want to have to wait for you to come back. Please just stay; I'm fine with it. I'll make sure your tip reflects your...um...understanding." I was standing nude in front of him, and I clearly had total control of this situation.

He was searching for the right words, and simply said: "Ummm...all right...I'll just look the other way and you do what you've gotta do."

"Look away? Why bother? It's not like you haven't seen me naked already." I laughed, and he smiled a little. I was trying to ease the tension with some humor.

I walked right over to the garbage can, which had a plastic liner in it and pulled that out with the small amount of trash that was in it. I then turned it around so that I would be facing him as I squatted over the plastic receptacle.

I spread my labia apart with the fingers from my right hand, and started to pee. I wanted so badly to just empty my bladder, but intentionally held off to prolong this and force him to watch me. At first he was looking away, but I took control and started asking him questions. I even teased him a little for being afraid to look at me while he was talking. That worked.

I could see in him that he finally gave up resistance - kind of an "Ah, screw it" expression as he now stared unapologetically at my pussy. Finally. So I let it loose. I peed with such force that the sound of the pee hitting the sides of the plastic garbage can was a lot louder than I thought it would be! It felt so good to relieve the tension on my bladder, and I was incredibly turned on by seeing his eyes focused on my nether regions. I must have peed for a full 30 seconds before I finally finished.

And then I stayed there, squatting over the trash can, as he started to look away again. Nope...I had other plans. "Could you please get me a tissue or something to wipe with?" That forced him to walk right over to me, and hand it to me.

I now walked around the room totally nude, and in complete comfort in my skin, as I picked up the garbage can full of my pee to dump it into the sink. He didn't realize that I was watching him in the mirror above the sink, as he totally stared at my ass and then adjusted what was clearly his erection that had formed in his pants.

I washed out the can, and then leaned over to put a new plastic liner in. I purposely did this facing away from him, so that I could lean over with my legs spread just enough that he'd have a nice view of my pussy as I bent over. I knew he wanted to grab my ass and take me. I actually leaned over far enough that I could look back between my legs, which he saw me do because he was staring at me. I just smiled at him, and said "Hi there." He turned BRIGHT red.

I then walked back over to the massage table, and facing him I sat on the edge - pulling one leg up onto the table to fully open and expose the region between my thighs. He was speechless.

"Thank you," I said. "I really needed that; my bladder was completely full." As I said "bladder," I rubbed one hand down my stomach and across the top of my pussy. He was still utterly speechless.

"I guess we should get back to the massage now," I said. "It would be pointless to use a sheet at this point, so where do you want me?" That was a total play on words, because I knew where he wanted me: underneath him! He mumbled for the right words, and just asked me to lay down on my stomach. I knew he was supposed to use a cover-up, but I was right...it would have been even stranger to bother at this point. It was really time for me to be on my back, but I think he was afraid I'd notice the erection throbbing in his pants. Of course, I was already well aware of that!

At this point, I can't even tell you how incredibly turned on I was - but I am married, so I wasn't going to invite him to do something (plus this is the US, not Thailand, so here I know he'd be afraid of losing his job - or worse). But I wasn't at all afraid to ask him to massage me lower down my back and glutes...and then higher up my thighs. He spent a lot of time massaging my lower abs, my glutes, and my inner thighs - flipping me over onto my back about halfway through. I was so wet now, and could feel my juices dripping down as he massaged me. I know he noticed, and that just turned me on even more!!!

And then I had another sinister thought. After all, I'd never see this guy ever again.

As I rolled back over onto my stomach again, I had purposely bunched up the towel underneath me so that it applied some pressure on my clit. And he massaged my glutes and my thighs, I grinded down onto the towel a little - even adjusting it so it was positioned just right. He knew what I was doing, so it just got really quiet for a while. It was like he knew that he shouldn't be allowing me to do that, but I had noticed that he still had an erection! So while he knew he should put a stop to this, his body wouldn't let him.

He was working on my thighs now, which meant he had a totally clear view of my wet pussy. With every stroke up and down my thigh, I clenched my glutes and pushed down against the towel on the table. We had a rhythm going, and neither of us was easing our pace. I was moaning a little now, and I could tell he was starting to hesitate - not sure what to do. But I knew I was getting close. This was actually going to happen!!! So I said, somewhat forcefully, "Don't you dare stop!"

So he kept going, and I kept going. Now he had one hand on my thigh, and one hand working the muscles in my ass at the same time - pushing the muscles toward and then pulling them away from each other, so that I could actually feel the tension across my pussy. I could tell that he SO BADLY wanted to finger me. And he would get SO close! As he'd finish a stroke, his finger would just keep brushing against my labia, or against my puckered little back hole - just lightly so it could seem like it was by mistake, but I knew it wasn't. If I had grabbed his hand and pulled it in, I absolutely know he would have fingered me and I would have climaxed in no time at all. But to tell you the truth, torturing him turned me on even more and it felt SO damn good to prolong this pleasure.

I couldn't believe this was really happening, but I was there now. I could feel the orgasm approaching, so I no longer cared how discreet I was being. I began to quickly grind my pussy down into the towel, clenching the sides of the table with my hands. And he expertly kept going, without saying a word. I suddenly clenched every muscle in my body as the orgasm coursed through me - wave after wave, with increasing intensity - and I released myself onto the towel, soaking it beneath me. I was gasping for air now, as I just layed there limp in the orgasmic afterglow. It was the best climax I've had in a long time, and he eased his rhythm as he worked me down from that peak.

He was speechless, and I could see a look of fear in his eyeslike "What the hell have I just done?!?!" So I rolled over onto my back now, with my legs completely spread open, and said to him: "I'm sorry about that. It was totally my fault, but I really needed it. So thank you." He didn't say a word. "You can relax, no one will ever know. I promise."

I stayed there on my back with my legs spread open, and reached down to finally touch myself. He just stared at me while I lightly massaged my labia, and slowly inserted one finger - and then two - into my pussy. I told him, "Now that you've done such a good job on this part of my body, perhaps we can continue with the rest of the massage?" We both laughed a little, and he continued with the rest of my body.

