Joyfull bicle trip

29th July 2008, 08:15 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

I often use a bike path that leads to a public park. One day I was using the path, and it was very hot so I decided to stop at the park for a few minutes to have a cool drink. I chose a part of the picnic grove that was pretty secluded. The picnic table where I sat had a wall of bushes around it. After a few minutes I heard some noise on the other side of the bushes, and I looked through them and saw that another biker had pulled up.

He was wearing black spandex biking shorts, and as he got off his bike, I noticed a big bulge in those pants, and I could clearly see the outline of his hard shaft poking through the spandex. Well, of course, I was interested so I sat on top of the picnic table so I could see him, but he couldn't see me.

As soon as he got off his bike, he took out his dick and started to pee. He peed for about 30 seconds.

When he had finished, he started slowly rubbing his crotch, paying special attention to the head of his cock. I figured that during his ride something must have gotten him real horny so he needed to play with his contained meat. Well, seeing him rub his straining lump like that got me so hot that I had to undo my bra and massage my boobs under my shirt. First I rubbed my palms over my nipples, then I started to caress each big breast with my hands. I gently squeezed each one and then went back to playing with the nipples until they became erect.

I kept watching the biker. What he was doing must have felt good because his hands started to move faster–as did my own! How I was wishing that I could see that gorgeous erection exposed; thinking about it was getting me wetter and wetter. He started rubbing his whole crotch area with both hands so he could get at both his cock and balls. It looked like he was going to rub a hole in the spandex, and his cock grew even bigger.

Pretty soon his big cock started to jump, and I could see his cum-filled balls straining through the material. As he continued to rub, pre-cum started to bubble through the fabic, and I thought he was going to cream his shorts. This thought made me so hot that I had to reach down into my own pants and finger my juicy pussy. It felt so good that I had to spread my legs so that I could get at myself better. So here I sat on a picnic table with my clothes on and my left hand playing with my tits while my right hand reached into my pants and played with my wet, swollen lips and clit. By now, my thick bush was completely soaked with my juices.

I saw the biker look around to make sure nobody was in the area–he still couldn't see me! Then he couldn't hold back any longer so he pulled down his shorts and exposed his huge glistening cock and balls! His fully rigid cock had to have been about seven or eight inches long–swollen and leaking precum. Absolutely gorgeous! Seeing his ready to shoot hard-on was too much for me. I started to really rub my juicy pussy. How I wished I could stroke his sexy meat! I was fantasizing about what it would be like to sit on that gorgeous pole of his and move up and down, or take it in my mouth and suck it until it filled me with hot cream. Not knowing he was being watched, he really jerked it as hard as he could. Soon he started thrusting his hips and his slit started to spew sperm–gallons of it! He squirted and squirted trying to empty his balls.

Seeing him cum put me over the edge. I fingered my now exposed swollen lips and clit and then pushed my finger in and out of my hole. I could feel my pussy tingling and the tension building. As I rubbed my nipples, I kept moving my fingers over my soaking wet pussy, and the wetness started to make a squishy sound. All I could think about was cumming and that guy's cock. I knew I was on the edge of orgasm, and I shut my eyes as I felt wave after wave of contractions run through my pussy. I let out a moan, but he didn't hear because he was in the middle of his own orgasm. Then I let out another moan of sweet shock as I felt my bladder relieve itself in the middle of my orgasm.I was wetting my shorts, and there was nothing I could do to stop it.

The orgasm ripped through me as pee poured out through my fingers.

I moaned again,and then I calmed down.

When he finally finished, he put his sticky but soft cock back in his shorts and rode away. I noticed white cream all over his black shorts, but I guess he didn't care.I had to ride home with a wet shorts too, but like him, I did not care either.

Little did he know what a great show he had put on for one female and what great masturbation material he had provided for her. Every time I think about this experience, I get totally wet!

Any comments about this story? I'm curious about what you thought!

