A Bizarre Alternate Universe

30th September 2014, 01:05 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

The concept for the world you'll see in this short story came to me in a dream, although I don't really remember a what was actually happening in the dream. I can't really tell if this is a good idea, or just completely silly. Actually, I'm sure it's silly, I just don't know if it's in a good way or a bad way. Anyway, I have some other ideas for stories to take place in the same world, if anyone's interested, or feel free to write your own. I'd love to read them.

###

"Liquid or solid?" I asked the man as I put his magazines in a bag. He looked like he weighed five times what I do. His arms, where they poked out of his t-shirt, were covered in red-and-green tattoos.

I looked over belatedly to see him writing a check. "Solid," he responded, unnecessarily, his thick moustache masking any lip movements. I pushed the appropriate button on the cash register and waited while he signed his name in an illegible sequence of loops and tore off the check. I was kind of glad to be spared the sight of him whipping it out to pay -- it was probably twice as big as mine, and twice as hairy.

"All set, then." I handed him his receipt as the cash register spat out the check, stored it safely in the drawer, and picked up the romance novel I'd been reading when he came in. Outside the windows, the night-lights were illuminating the gas pumps, so I could tell there was nobody trying to steal gas. The bell rang as the tattooed man exited and got into his rusted pickup. Inside, it was quiet except for the music playing from the overhead speakers, and the buzzing of the freezer case keeping the ice cream cold. I had two more hours until my shift was over, and I would probably see as many customers in that time. Just as well: the heroine in my novel was just starting to learn how much fun two people can have in a bed.

I looked up from the page as the bell again. A pair of young ladies, probably in their early twenties, had entered the shop. I got up to stand behind the counter. Both had bodies that would not be out of place in a lingerie catalog (er, I assume). I had a pretty clear view of both due to their very minimal tops and skirts. Each also wore a brightly-colored change pouch on one calf, with a tube leading up under her skirt. The girl on the left had blond hair that came down to her shoulders and a small, rounded nose under brown eyes. Her melon-sized, clearly artificial breasts were deforming the humorous definition of the word slut which was emblazoned on her black shirt, and her navel had a gleaming, bluish piercing.

Her friend's neon-red hair, clearly dyed, was bound in a thick braid that hung -- as I would notice when she turned -- nearly to the waistband of her plaid skirt. Her lipstick was a poisonous green, to match her eyes. A stylized, pink penis was printed on her garishly orange shirt (obscene chain-gang uniform?) between her apple-sized breasts. The latter, less constrained than their larger counterparts, bounced enticingly as she moved. They were giggling as they entered (the joke, if there was one, had been told outside), and needed each other's help to stay upright. This was partly due to their highly unstable shoes, but it quickly became clear that they were also more than a little drunk. I adjusted my growing penis discretely behind the counter, although I could probably have been a lot more obvious without these two noticing.

"We need t'buy somethin'!" the blonde said, a bit louder than was probably necessary. Both girls giggled.

I waited a moment, in case one of them wanted to qualify this nonspecific statement, then asked, "Anything I can help you find?"

"No," said the red-head.

"Yes," said the blonde, at the same moment. They giggled again. "Our change pouches're full," the blonde continued.

The red-head took over the explanation: "And there's more inside us."

"A lot more. We don' wanna waste it," the blonde added. She squeezed her legs together tightly.

I thought I understood. "So, something for about a pint, then?" Both girls giggled and nodded. "Let's see. There's soda, but you probably don't want that right now."

Together: "No!"

"Right. Oh, I know: ice cream sandwiches. The large ones're 15.6 ounces." I gestured toward the freezer case next to the cash register.

The blonde was already sliding open the case, and she quickly set an ice cream sandwich on the counter. The red-head was studying the small stand of chips across from the refrigerated sodas. "Those Cheez-Nutters are about a pint," I told her as I scanned her friend's frozen snack. I grinned at the blonde, who was practically dancing in front of the counter, now. "I take it this will be liquid?"

"Yes!" She was already detaching the funnel from its clip on the front of the counter and lifting her skirt. She was wearing no panties

, and made no attempt to hide her clean-shaved pudendum from my view. "Can I pay, now?" she asked, pulling her change purse tube out from between her lower lips.

"Any time you want," I told her, belatedly pressing the total button. With the appropriate taxes, it came to 16.2 ounces.

Watching herself carefully, she held the funnel under her quim, which gleamed wetly in the florescent lights. I worried that my cock might be poking out the bottom of my shorts, but checking would only call attention to it. "Oh, god yeah!" she exclaimed as she began spraying into the funnel and down the tube. The cash register display began to count up the ounces.

"Hurry up, Stacy," said the red-head, standing behind her friend with a bag of Cheez-Nutters in one hand and the other holding her skirt up between her legs. ""I'm startin' t'leak!"

"I'm tryin'!" said Stacy, still paying close attention to the funnel. "I gotta slow down so it doesn' go all over the floor." The cash register said she had paid 7.2 ounces and counting.

"Jus' -- ooooh, jeez!" The red-head was crushing her right hand between her thighs.

I alternated between watching each of the girls, and watching the payment amount climb to nine, and then 10 ounces. I had stuck my left hand in my pocket to stroke my penis -- not very professional, I know, but neither customer seemed observant enough to notice, just at the moment.

As she reached 15 ounces, Stacy's stream slowed audibly, and she sighed loudly -- then, remembering her friend, she leaned forward slightly and I could see the stream get stronger. She pushed until the amount reached 17.8 oz., and then shook another drop into the funnel and replaced in, dropping her skirt.

"OK," I said, "you're -- let's see -- 1.6 ounces over. How would you like your change?"

"Uhh" Stacy was clearly unprepared for the question.

"Goddamn!" yelled her friend, who by this time was jumping up and down so much she looked about to fall off her shoes, "jus' fuckin' let 'im keep it!"

"Oh, sorry, Gina," said Stacy. "Yeah, um, keep it." She picked up her sandwich.

"Thanks," I said, pushing the appropriate button. "That goes into my tips. Receipt?"

Gina was already pushing her way up to the counter, so Stacy stepped away. "Uh, no, no thanks."

"Hurry up!" Gina said, so I scanned her bag of chips.

"Also liquid?" I asked.

"YES! C'n I pay, now?" She was still holding squeezing her hand so hard that I thought it must have no blood flow left, but had picked up the funnel.

"Go ahead." Stacy had lifted her skirt again to replace her change pouch tube, and was having a bit of a hard time with it. Gina, who also was without underpants, now quickly unclenched her legs, yanked out her own tube with a grunt, lifted her skirt and shoved the funnel into place, but not before I saw a spurt of liquid spray onto the floor. I would have to get out the mop after they left, but I was too busy watching at the moment. I had by now rolled up my shorts leg enough to rub my cock directly, ignoring how obvious I was being.

"Oh holy FUCK! yeah," Gina yelled so loudly I half expected her to be audible on the soundless security videos, as she started spraying like a fire hose into the funnel. I could see a mist of droplets bouncing off inside of the funnel and hitting her legs and pubic hair, which was the same color as her braid. Could that possibly be her natural color, or had she dyed herself down there, too? Behind her, Stacy had fully spread her lower lips with her fingers in her attempt to find her own urethra, her view partially blocked by her own massive knockers, so I had an excellent view up inside her. "FUCK, yeah, that's good!" Gina said again, more quietly this time. The meter on the cash register had got up to seven ounces in the first few seconds -- I was checking it occasionally, even though I was mostly staring openly at the two visible pussies.

Stacy located the correct hole and inserted the tube by the time her friend's payment had reached 10 ounces, already slowing down. Lowering her skirt, Stacy glanced up and met my eyes. "Like what you see?" she asked, noticing my self-stimulation. She grinned, and flipped up her skirt again, deliberately showing herself off. This was way too much -- my seed sprayed down my leg and onto the back of the counter, the orgasm-pleasure filling my mind so that for a moment I didn't know anything else. I never had one that strong just from masturbating before.

When I became aware of the world around me again, the girls were both giggling as they watched me. Gina was replacing the funnel in its clip; the payment meter read 19.2 ounces. "That's, uh, wow, uh, 3.2 ounces over," I said.

"Keep it," Gina giggled, fumbling with her change pouch tube. "That was hilarious." She made a gesture of disgust, and held out the tube. "Jeez. Stacy, would you?"

