Julie pees in the toilet while talking to a customer on the phone!

13th August 2007, 05:14 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Julie was just on her way to the ladies. She'd called into the sales office that morning because she was seeing some customers in the area. She'd only meant to stay in for half an hour to get some sales figures, but had had so many calls from her various accounts, it was now midday, and she needed to pee desperately. Just as she was pushing the door open her mobile phone rang.

"Hello?" she asked as she walked into the ladies room.

"Oh hi Julie, it's Brian from Bloggs. Is now a good time to give you the material codes for the stuff we need?"

"Oh, right, let me just get my notepad."

Bloggs was one of Julie's big accounts. She hated messing them around because the competition was really strong there. They could lose them at any time. She didn't have her briefcase with her, but she always kept a notepad ready in her jacket pocket. She pulled it out.

"OK, fire away Brian"

"Right, I need some..." he started reeling off a long list of material codes and amounts, which Julie duly noted down. BUT, what she didn't realise is that she was making her way to the cubicle as she did it! Her body was on autopilot as her brain focussed on noting Brian's requirements. She went into the cubicle, pushed the bolt shut with her elbow, and then interrupted Brian's long list.

"Hold on 2 ticks Brian, I just need to do something.."

"OK, no probs"

She put her phone on the toilet cistern, then unzipped her tight business skirt and lowered it - with her panties

- to her ankles. Then she sat down on the toilet, still unaware of what she was really doing! She picked up her phone.

"OK Brian, carry on, where were we?"

"Right, well I think we'd got to the F124 size 8, I ordered 12 of that. Next it's the F126, we're nearly out of that, I think I'd better order..." But Brian stopped. He could swear he could hear the unmistakable sound of someone peeing at the other end of the phone! He coughed, then said nervously..

"Er... is now not a good time Julie?"

"No", said Julie, slightly confused. "It's fine. You said you needed some F126. We've just had a vanload in, so I can..." It was Julie's turn to trail off now! Trying her best to stop the flow, it suddenly dawned on her what she was doing!

"Oh God Brian, you didn't hear that did you?"

"Er...well, I couldn't really avoid it." He realised how embarresed Julie must be feeling, so he tried to lighten the atmosphere:

"It sounded very nice though!" he joked.

Although intensely embaressed, Julie was surprised to feel a real sexual buzz from the situation. And Brian's last line had intensified that. She pictured him getting hot and bothered, loosening his collar as he started to sweat. With a combined sense of devilment and arousal growing in her, she said.

"Brian, I still have a little more to come out, can you hold on?"

"Er..yes OK"

This time, she put the phone down between her legs, so that Brian would hear her pee at full volume! She released, and let her powerful flow continue, until finally it slowed, and Julie pushed the last few spurts out. She really was getting aroused now - it was surprising her how erotic the whole situation felt. She put the phone back to her ear.

"I just have to wipe now." And so saying, pulled some toilet roll and wiped the full length of her pussy, pressing against her now swollen clit before dropping it into the bowl. Of course Brian couldn't really hear any of that. But it didn't matter! He was now feeling extremely aroused himself! Julie asked foxily:

"Did you enjoy that Brian? Are you ready to carry on with the order now?"

Brian was flustered. He'd always had a soft spot for Julie, and the feeling of being "with" her as she peed had got him distinctly turned on.

"Yes!" he said, "there's only one more item but.." he lowered his voice. "I'll need to stop and come back to you in a bit."

"Of course sweetie, but why?"

Brian lowered his voice even further. "Because I have a "thtfa" here. He whispered the fifth word, and Julie couldn't really make it out.

"A what?".

Brian cupped his hand over the mouthpiece. "I'm rock hard Julie, I need to wait a bit for it to go down. We're in an open plan office here" he whispered loudly. Julie couldn't stop herself chuckling. She also couldn't stop the sexual fireworks running through her.

"OK Brian, just ring me back when you're ready."

"OK, won't be long." And Brian put the phone down.

Julie sat for a moment, her face flushed and her clit throbbing. Had she really just peed on the phone? While a major account was listening?? She was sorely tempted to masturbate to release the sexual tension she felt, but then heard 2 colleagues come in discussing the photocopier, and the moment was killed. She pulled up her pants and skirt, straightened herself up, and walked out of the cubicle.

As she washed her hands at the basin, one of the girls turned to her.

"Oh hi, Julie, I think Brian at Bloggs was trying to get hold of you earlier. He seemed quite keen to put in this month's order. I think Potters are pushing really hard to get the account at the mo, so we'd better keep him happy.

"Oh, I think I can manage that!" said Julie with a smile.

