On holiday now (A new beginning)

13th April 2011, 01:08 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

The remainder of Monday was spent by T and I just relaxing and we went out for something to eat in the evening.

We had great sex when we returned home that evening. Although it did not last that long (only about an hour) we both thoroughly enjoyed it and fell asleep in one anothers arms.

Tuesday:

Another day to remember.

T arose first and I was kinda half awake when she got out of bed. It was 10.05am, through the blinds I could see that the sun was shining brightly.

I got out of bed five minutes later and went into the bathroom. T was in the kitchen making something to drink. She gave me a big hug and a kiss when I entered and handed me a cup of coffee.

Out on the balcony in the lovely warm sunshine, we were both naked. Sitting there talking, drinking our coffee and having a cigarette or two when we both heard a sliding door and kids voices. It was the apartment next door.

Not the one that T and K shared, it was the other one. Luckily enough there is a wall about four feet long and about 5 and a half feet high between that apartment and ours. Our table was nearly right next to the wall in the sun. T and I looked at one another and she said we had better get something on.

Our privacy and outdoor balcony games looked as though they were not to be in the foreseeable future. I had a pair of shorts on and T was wearing a black bikini. We sat and finished another cup of coffee and talked of what we were going to do that day.

We decided that it would be nice to go to Torremolinos and spend a few hours looking in the shops and to sit and watch the world go by. Then we saw our new neighbours. They were English and he said good morning. T and I said Hi. His wife came out and sat down at their table which we could see as it was past the wall and they could now see us. We all talked for a while and T casually asked how long they were here for.

Saturday was the answer. Five days I thought, oh well, we shall still be here then, so we shall just have to wait to enjoy some more outdoor games on the sunbed, lol.

Their children were quite young three and four, so we knew that we would have to be very careful in what dress state we went out onto the balcony.

12.30 and we left for Torremolinos.

A lot of the shops close at around 2.00pm for Siesta so we only had about an hour to shop. Three bags of shopping later I decided that I would like to look at some shirts in a shop called Zara.

I liked a jacket and a couple of shirts and decided to buy them, so I put them on the counter. I tried on two pairs of trousers one of which I did not like when they were on. The second pair I went out of the fitting room and showed T, she said they looked good and I should take them. I went back into the fitting room and changed back into my jeans and when I took the trousers back to the counter to pay for what I had purchased, the assistant said that they had been paid for!!!

The assistant then put the trousers into one of the bags and T was holding the other bag. T had paid for them, 376.00. I guess I kinda got a little annoyed at that point as no one had ever done that before. Being very independant I said to T why? I shall get the money out of an ATM and return it back to you. She replied, no you won't, I wanted to do it, they are a present and you cannot give presents back. What could I say to that? I have to admit it made me feel a little uncomfortable for a while.

We went and sat outside a bar on the corner of Calle San Miguel. We drank coffee and had a sandwich. T kept looking at me and touching my arm and leg once in a while, just gently stroking them. She also leant over and kissed me every so often, then gave a wonderful smile each time.

By 3.45pm we were back at the apartment feeling hot, so we both had a nice shower together. Whilst she was kneeling down washing my legs I decided to piss over her. I held my cock and she did not see it coming, it started to run all over her head and as she looked up it went onto her face, she said I was not expecting that, she opened her mouth, gently placed her lips around my cock and drank what was left with my cock inside her mouth.

I started to play with her clitoris and we were kissing one another when she laid down in the bath and placed her back and butt up against the end of the bath tub so that her crotch was facing upward. I leant over her and placed my mouth over her cunt and she began to piss in my mouth, just a trickle at first and I sucked every drop of it.

I sucked her clit and rolled it in my mouth, gently nibbling it between my teeth. She then started to let go more and more, I took my face away and listened to the loud hissing noise. She was now pissing fast and I just opened my mouth again and drank her lovely juices. It tasted a little saltier than usual, but it was oh so nice.

We laid back in the bath together both soaked in our own pee for a while, we kept sliding around every time we moved, that made us laugh. We had another shower and T said that she would like to take a nap before we went out that evening. So that is what we did, no sex, just a nap.

7.00pm and T said that she was going to get ready. I remained on the balcony drinking a glass of wine. I did not have to shave as I had already done so by now to leave the bathroom free for T when she wanted to use it. So I knew that it would take me long to get dressed and ready to go.

8.10pm and we were both ready to go out for the evening. T looked so bloody sexy. Her blonde hair was hanging down to her shoulders. She was wearing a really nice white lace top that was quite low cut, she had on a tight black skirt that zipped downward at the front. It was unusual as when you lifted the zip upward it exposed more and more of her legs. It was zipped to almost near the bottom of the skirt.

The tight skirt really showed the nice shape of her lovely ass, I also noticed that she was wearing tights, or so I thought I held her in front of me and looked at her straight into her blue eyes and said, you look gorgeous. She smiled and got hold of my hand and put it at the bottom of her skirt and pulled it up underneath, she was wearing stockings, hold ups. She looked at me and raised her eyebrows, she rubbed my hand around her crotch and underneath her warm minge. Shit man, this woman really turns me on. Then off we went.

We walked up to Arroyo. We were not that hungry so decided to go to a Tapas bar that I know of. We sat outside as it was still really warm that evening, anyway we could smoke outside and that suited both of us. We found a little table in the corner and sat down. We ordered a bottle of wine and some Tapas from the list.

As the evening passed we had drank two bottles of wine and had had our fill of Tapas. T gradually moved her chair around opposite me, just slightly away from our table. This she did quite cleverly as whenever she leaned forward for me to look down her top to look at her breasts she also moved her chair a little each time.

It was 10.45pm and we ordered another bottle of wine. There were not that many people outside by then. In fact there were only four including T and myself. We were still in the corner on our own and no one could see or hear us, save the waiter every time he came out. By now T had gradually through the evening pulled the zip of her tight skirt up further and further, it was now well over hafway up and she was exposing much more of her legs and I could now clearly see her pink panties.

The waiter must have noticed as he came out more and more frequently making out to clean the tables each time. T laughed and said to me that she felt so fucking horny she did not care who looked up her skirt. During our last bottle of wine T's zip was almost up to her crotch, her stocking tops and pink panties were by now in clear view for all to see, well, for me and the waiter to see anyway, lol.

When the waiter came out again we had decided to go and I asked for the bill. He came back with it a couple of minutes later with a complimentary drink, just a peach liquor. I put some money on the tray and we drank our little complimentary drink. He came back out to collect the money and we said thank you for the drink. As he again came back out T was waiting for him to come through the door, she was half out of her seat with her legs open so he could see right up her skirt she stayed there and looked at him and said thank you with a lovely big smile on her face. He was looking right up her skirt and she was enjoying it.

We walked half way home and were laughing at her antics in the Tapas bar. We got as far as a park and saw some grassy area. We walked until we came across a bench seat and we sat and lit a cigarette. Beofre we finished T said that really needed to pee. I also said that I did. She got up and put her hand up her skirt and pulled her panties down and off.

She then laid down on the bench with her open legs towards me. The next thing was I was geting soaked with her piss, I could not move as she had her leg in front of me so I could not get up. She was only a few inches away from me and her piss was spraying all over my clothes. She stopped and sat up, she got my cock out and said piss all over me.

I stood up and she held my cock in front of her. Istarted to piss and it ws going over her top and she started to aim it down her top and all over her tummy, she lifted her legs and aimed my cock at her clit, my pee was flowing over her and I could not stop going. I soaked her all over. Piss was dripping off of both of us and we were just laughing and enjoying the moment.

We had had our first public pee fight, lol.

When we finished T said that she felt a little cold, so we got up and walked the rest of the way home. It was alost midnight when we arrived back at the apartment. We had been seen and looked at many times during our walk home. Most people probably thought that we had just got wet with water, if only they knew!

Straight into the bathroom, stripped each other off and into a nice hot shower. Hair washed, bodies clean and right into bed. Oh,and the dirty washing in the machine already washing.

We were both very hungry for one another. We had the most amazing sex that I have encountered for many years. I swallowed her cum each time and it tasted so fucking good. I swallowed more than I had ever swallowed in my whole life. I held myself back from the brink so many times last night as I just did not want the sex to end. I wanted to keep her going and pleasure her for as long as I possibly could. For all the time I was pleasuring her, I was also getting pleasure.

We had a break for about twenty minutes, the time was 02.30am. We had a cigarette on the balcony and shared a glass of wine. Then back to bed.

She said now it was my turn to get pleasured. She started with my nipples as she did the night before she left. This is very arousing as some of you probably already know. Slowly down my tummy and onto my my balls, her tongue was flicking and licking. Every once in a while she would flick her tongue at the underside of my stiff cock, then run her tongue gently up and down the shaft and tickling the underneath bit up near the end where it is most sensitive. My balls were in her mouth, every part of them, her hand was running up and down my cock and she was so so gentle with her strokes.

The she got on top of me and held my cock until it was touching her saturated vagina. She gently slid herself downward. My cock was now inside her, it was throbbing and I knew that I could not hold on much longer. She started to move her hips and we were once again reunited in unison, as one. She leaned forward and kissed me and looked me straight into my eyes and said, cum, cum inside me now. She knew that I was ready.

Still looking into one anothers eyes I came. Or rather I should say, I exploded inside her. I did not think I was going to stop. My climax seemed last for so long. My eyes were now closed as I felt our lips touch. her arms now under me drawing me ever closer to her warm soft lips.

We laid there for what seemed like ages, saying nothing. Just enjoying embracing one another, and evey now and again we would look into each others eyes with a smile that said many things.

We eventually drifted off to sleep and awoke at 11.35am this morning. T is catching up with some work on her laptop and I have replied to some emails and have written this. There are a few mistakes as you have probably noticed but my time is limited today as we are going out in about an hour or so.

I have a slight dilemma as to wether I should tell T about this website and that I have written about our adventures during the previous couple of weeks. Any constructive comments would be most welcome. She is very open minded and I feel that she will not object, but I am not certain of this.

One more thing has to be said. That is the second surprise that T had for me.

As you may recall T asked me two or three times before she left with K to return to Tampere. Her question was "when will I return to the UK". I said that it would probably be the end of April.

Her second surpirse is that she has booked TWO air tickets back to the airport near where I live and would I object if she came back with me? My question to her when she told me was "Why do you wish to come back to the UK with me".

She answered " I would like to see where you live and meet some of your friends". I just said. OK, if you really wish to, then yes of course I do not mind.

