Celebration And Pissing

3rd June 2010, 12:25 PM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

My girlfriend is a asian girl from Tiwain. When I had met her she was working for a different research outfit in the city. We both were working with the same client. We became good friends. Kyia was her name and she also wanted to become a citizen of the USA and we both got involved with the process of her becoming a US citizen besides working together.

After a half year had pased Kyia was ready to take the test for citizenship. I whished her luck andwe kissed before she went into the room to take the test. I had abut a hour wait. Then Kyia came running out and boy was she happy! I passed! I passed! Kyia said to me. Then we waited for the rest of the people that were testing and then we went into the room and I watched as the pledge was made by all the newest US citizens.

Then after that Kyia and I left and we went out and started celebrating. We started off with me treating Kyia toa fancy supper at a good place I knew in the city. Then after that we went clubing hitting many of them which took us into the early morning hours. Then we headed home taking the metro first.

We got off at the small station and then we had the twenty mile drive to home. It was a warm night and it was summer and I had my classic 1967 Mustang GT convertible which I did drive only durring the summer months. This was only the third time that Kyia had been to my home. The two other times was work sessions only either for work or studying for her citizenship test.

Now Kyia tonight was wearing a long satin dress which was a dark blue with a long slit up its right side which almost went up to her hip. She also had her long black hair up in a double layered bun. Now as we wre heading to the house she took out all the pins she had in her hair and let it all down making it long and straight.

We were about halfway to the house now. Kyia told me she needed to pee. I asked her if she could make to the house. She told me she didn't think she could. You better pull off the highway and stop so I can go. We were not on the thruway but on a two lane state highway. Plus we were in a area where it was very dark with heavily wooded areas on both sides of the highway.

Are yousure you want me to stop here? I asked Kyia. You BETTER stop kyia said back to me. So I slowed right down and pulled off on to the shoulder of the road. I kept the engine running, along with just having my parking lights on. I had shut off the headlights. Kyia got right out of the car. She walked around to the frontof the car and then headed over to the shoulder which there was high grass and a lot of bushes.

Kyia only took several steps into the high grass and bushes and the stopped. Then she turned right around and came back over to the car on my side and stood by my door. What's the matter Kyia? I asked. Kyia said back to me; I can't see over there and also I'm scared. Will you come with me? I laughed a little first for her being scared. Kyia did have a valid point of being scared. It was dark,strange territory, and even being close to the highway with the high grass,brush, and trees thisarea was on the rugged side as far as walking in it.

Kyia stepped back as I opened my door and got out of the car. Look Kyia maybe t would be better just pee here beside the car. Don't try going back into the woods. Kyia said to me; I can do that. So she just moved ovr by the front tire and she grabbed her blue satin dresses bottom and slid it upward. As I stood there watching I got a almost instant hardon! I was going to get the first look of seeing part of Kyias body!

I got a surprise too! When Kyia had now had her blue satin dress raised up around her hips in the light from my cars interior lights which there were red and white lights on the door panels which my door was open in the white light I saw that Kyia was wearing stockings which were black lace and they were the type that were single type. One on each leg! Her crotch was uncovered!

So I saw a small patch of black very curly pubic hair above her vagina and down along side of it. Her clit was thin and long. She also had thin lips. Kyia leaned back against the cars fender for support and spreaded her fancy highheels wide apart. It only took her one or two shorts seconds to start pissing.

Out from her vagina she sent a thin hard stream of piss which glistened in the white light. It was twisted and it shot foward going into the shorter grass on the highways shoulder which was about three feet wide to the high grass. Her stream had reached about two of the three feet of the shorter grass. The best thing was about Kyias piss was it was really hissing loudly! It did its loud hissing as soon as Kyia had started her piss.

Kyia must have had to go quite badly. For she just seemed to go on and on. Her stream all durring this very long piss she was takeing never changed. I stood there watching her piss. Being such a long one I after a time as she pissed I folded my arms across my chest and stood ther with a big smile. Then finaily her stream eased up with its loud hissing fadeing and its hissing did stop when Kyias stream stopped and she dribbled for a good long time too. Then she stopped her dribbling.

As Kyia took a couple of steps forward now that she had stopped pissing I said to her as she now had let her blue satin dress back down and was smoothing it out: How come such a small girl can piss so much? Kyia turned and looked at me and with just a slight giggle and with a big smile she replied; I had to go so bad! I let out a laugh.

Then I asked Kyia if she was ready to go. Kyia let out another giggle first. Then again she surprised me asking if I needed to go. I told her I did but could wait till we were home. Kyia giggled harder. Then she said to me; Oh someone else must be scared topiss outside! In my country it doesn't matter if man or girl pees outside! Also too there is no shame with the woman helping the man to go!

Right after Kyia had aid that my erect penis twitched real hard! I said right back to Kyia: Ok I can go along with one of your former countries cuctoms! Kyia stepped right over to me now. She reached right down and yanked my zipper on my pants down hard. In the stillo night air my zippers ZZZZZZTTT was real loud. I felt and saw Kyias thin ling sleder fingers slide into my open zipper.

I felt her fibgers moving on my boxers searching for the slit opening to open it. With her fingers rubbing on my boxers I felt the rubbing of Kyias fingers on my erect penis shaft which now made my penis throb! Kyia giggled a little as now her fingers had found the slit openeing and her fingers were spreading it apart to get to my penis. Oh someone is real hard now! Kyia said to me as now her fingers had found my erect penis which she had a hold of and was slipping it outward.

A few seconds later my erect penis was outside of my open zipper and Kyia had it aimed. I took a quick look at Kyias face. Her eyes were open very wide and she was smiling with a big smile. Then I started to piss and hard. My stream arced high into the air. It covered easily the short distance of the short grass went over the patch of the higher grass and came down over in the bushes.

Kyia again let out a short giggle. Then she said to me: Oh you were going to wait till we got home? The way you are going it looks to me you would have not made it! I let out a laugh. I said right back to Kyia; I would have made it very easily Kyia! Sure sure! you would have Kyia replied back now laughing lightly. It seemed she didn't believe me at least it sounded that way to me.

Well I did take a good long piss too. Then my stream eased off. Then I stopped but Kyia waited still holding my erect penis. I did d a couple of short spurts and then I was done. Kyia shook my penis a couple of times and then she slipped it back inside my pants and boxers. Then she zipped my pants back up. Kyia gave me a quick kiss and she said to me smiling; Now lets get home! I have some more customes to show you! I laughed nad we got back in the car and headed home going much faster then I ever had traveling over this road. The end

