Lindsy on the Road [Fd]

22nd September 2010, 07:19 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

Lindsy on the Road

Author: drw

Lindsy wakes to the spring sun streaming in her hotel window. Sunday. A lazy one at that, nowhere to be in a strange city until the meeting tomorrow morning. That guy at the hotel bar last night, more a boy, really. He seemed almost ready to take her up to his room, but perhaps he thought better of it. She saw the shadow where his wedding ring should have been ... and did not care.

Now in the morning, still horny after the disappointment of last night. Naked but for a pair of white cotton panties

. Definitely awake now; perhaps call for breakfast? But that boy last night ... what would it have been like? She touches herself, imagining him into her room, seducing him and being seduced, his rough hands under her blouse, beneath her skirt.

Toying with him - surely he would need to pee ... she remembers the fullness of her own bladder. What do you want more? Me or the toilet? I know you can't say it; you're afraid to say it. You crave release, but you'll control yourself for me ... and I for you. I see your eyes on the bathroom door, you open your mouth to say it ... I kiss you. You turn to break away, I touch you ... there ... there ... and you will hold it in just a little longer. For me.

She is breathing hard, her nipples electric to the brush of her hands. Her fingers pressed into the fabric of her panties

, clit erect beneath the cloth. But no. Not yet. He barely got her name, really. And ... there is the matter of breakfast ... room service.

"Yes. Continental, please. I might be in the shower, but feel free to come in and set up it; I'll leave a tip on the bed."

Lindsy is vertical now, and beginning to feel it. That morning full bladder, hard as a rock, dulled by sleep, growing quickly urgent. She had drunk a lot last night, hoping in some deep corner of her mind the this boy would be into it ... but no. The disappointment of the night follows her into the bathroom and she closes the door. At least it's got a good shower.

She steps out of her panties

, leaving them rolled up on the closed lid of the toilet ... toying with herself, her growing need. Lindsy, good girls use the toilet. Good girls can control themselves.

Now into the shower, water running down her body, needing very much to pee, and thinking, "I could hold it". But the whole day stretches before her; breakfast first, maybe an adventure. No holding a night pee this time ... she catches herself doing a little dance, controlling herself just a little longer. She squats under the running water and lets go ... a torrent hissing stiffly past her lips, the scent rising up with the steam as the hot shower runs down her body.

A hot, soapy shower. A vigorous towel off. And ... no clean clothes in the bathroom. Lindsy peeks timidly past the door; breakfast is set, nobody is there. She walks naked past the bed, idly wondering if anyone is looking in the window. A fresh, clean pair of panties

; a light summer dress. The morning is cold and clear, but it will be a warm day.

And now, breakfast. Juice, coffee, a croissant, a slice of melon. She opens the window, breathing deeply of fresh morning spring air. There is a park across the way. She briefly muses - where to find a guy to play with? But morning is not a good time for it. Not a good time at all. Maybe time for a walk, though.

Lindsy forms her plans. There is a mall just down the street. There are some purchases to be made before tonight. But no more peeing. Not until she has returned to the hotel. Not until she has showered and changed. Not until she is ready to go sit at that bar again, and perhaps to see that boy once more ... or another. This is an indulgence and a challenge ... and she knows it will make her even more unbearably horny. But it is a lazy Sunday in a strange town.

The mall is not yet crowded. She walks past the stores, thinking about the boy. What would he like - how would he want her wrapped? A glimpse of which lacy bra? A flash of which silky pair of panties

? A patch of skin barely seen through which little black dress? Lindsy is glowing now, turned on imagining the power she would have over that boy, the power to manipulate his desire ... the power to make him control himself in a desperate need to have *her*.

Lindsy begins selecting ... trying things on. A little black body-hugging dress, so short and easily revealing. The right shoes. Stockings and garters. Lace. Engrossed, she ignores the signals from her bladder in the same subconscious way we all do. Until she feels ready, bags in hand. It is afternoon. Time for a light lunch.

The restrooms are right there in the food court. And no longer preoccupied with shopping, it hits her. Bladder annoyingly full, distracting. She walks in by reflex, thoughts full of the boy. Lindsy stops, her hand on the stall door ... suddenly reminded of her purpose, her plan. And she goes to the sink and washes her hands, ignoring her pressing need now. It is difficult to walk out of the restroom with a full bladder, but lunch comes first.

She buys a sandwich, a large diet drink, and sits watching the crowd in front of the restrooms. Fantasies are easy in the mall.

A sort of hunky guy who looks like he works at one of the clothing stores ... is that a hurried step? His hand in his pocket, grabbing what? Lindsy wants to stop him, to make him wait just a little longer, as she is making herself wait. She imagines her hand in his pocket, holding him through the layers of cloth, feeling it jerk as he struggles to contain himself.

Or the girl, made up and awkward in high heels. A perfume girl, perhaps? She looks so uncomfortable ... ready to burst, her hurried walk suddenly out of character. What would she do if there was a line? Lindsy can hold it, why can't you? Guys want strong girls who know how to hold their pee.

Lunch is long finished, the restroom parade has slowed, and Lindsy's bladder is getting more insistent. She looks at the restrooms, imagines the relief of just walking in and letting herself go. But she has a plan. A visit to the kitchen supply store before leaving. So Lindsey gets up, pauses just a moment to squeeze her muscles tightly as a spasm hits, and walks gingerly to buy a pitcher, her long legs squeezed together unnaturally.

Lindsy cannot stand still in line, not for long. The diet drink is going straight through, her bladder complaining. She grabs a furtive squeeze at her crotch from behind, hoping nobody will notice. It seems to take forever to be rung up, and the receipt printer has something wrong with it. An agonizing minute goes by, Lindsy feels sweaty despite the summer dress and the air conditioning.

The pitcher is finally bagged, and Lindsy walks stiffly out of the mall. The pitcher ... where she will finally allow herself relief ... so close in her hand, and yet ... not yet. Not now. Not. Now. First the hotel. The shower. Getting dressed for the boy who will control himself for her.

The few blocks back to the hotel; bent slightly, legs tightly together; walking suppresses the spasms. Lindsy is still fighting for control, knowing that relaxing for just a moment will end it. The need she remembers from last night, sitting on the bar stool, squeezing her thighs as she carefully watched that boy. She walks gingerly past the doorman, brushing away his offer to help with her bags. She could not stand still in the elevator with him. The elevator is blessedly waiting, doors open.

She stands perfectly still, willing herself not to lose it, willing the doors to close. But ... oh shit. She has not pressed a button of course. She moves to the panel, legs tightly together, balancing as if on a tightrope, and selects her floor. The doors close. Blessedly. Free at last from public observation, Lindsy twists, grabbing and rubbing her crotch furiously through the thin cloth of her dress until the terrible urge subsides ever so slightly. Her labia are swollen, her gusset damp with sweat, something more. Not a spot of pee, though. A part of her mind wonders if anyone is watching the security camera.

The elevator opens. Her floor. Lindsy wills herself to be still until she can see that nobody is in the hall. She hobbles to her room, luckily not far from the elevator shaft. Clumsy with the key, the bags. Again. Difficult to do so many things at while controlling her bladder, so close to relief. The room has been cleaned. She throws her bags to the floor and rushes into the bathroom ... but no. That was not the plan. She grabs herself hard ... so difficult to hold it, even more so right by the toilet. With her free hand she gets out a towel, turns on the shower, hobbles out to the bed and steels herself. She undresses, she is flushed and sweaty, breathing so hard, running in place, hand clutched between her legs until she has to clench her muscles tight and remove it to pull off her dress, strip off her panties

.

Finally naked again, she sees herself in the mirror, hand firmly clutching at her crotch. She is flushed, her hair out of place, belly noticeably swollen with her overdistended bladder. How am I ever going to shower like this? Lindsy turns.

And then it happens. She just can't stop it. No. Not yet. Not here. Not until I'm ready. That final spasm - like the moment a roller coaster crests that first hill and everything drops away. Her finger pressed into her pee hole, and behind it a slug of burning pee, no longer behind sphincters, leaking out uncontrollably. She lunges for the pitcher, her hand already wet and drops falling to the ground as her bladder spasms continuously, about to jet uncontrollably onto the carpet.

Somehow the pitcher is under her, she squatted beside the bed, her pee frothing powerfully as the it fills in a great hissing torrent. She is panting, sweaty, and now in an ecstasy of release, nipples erect, clit straining out until it is buffeted in the stream that seems to last forever. Lindsy is trembling now, naked, gasping, crouched on the floor ... forcing out the last jets of hot pee.

A pause. The pitcher set on a desk. The scattered bags and clothes cleaned up, and Lindsy takes her shower, washing the sweat from her body. Relieved. She has to pee again, squatting in the shower, clear clean pee running calmly down the drain.

