High School Teacher Pt. II (fiction)

12th April 2013, 07:58 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

So, as some have requested a spin-off series from my first story (High School Teacher Desperation), I will happily oblige. This as well as any future stories pertaining to this topic will now be fiction from here on out. I'll warn you of it's length in advance but, if it doesn't make you climax, you'd best check your pulse.

It was bright and early on a warm spring day. Ms. Gutoskis had just entered here unruly classroom and had begun her attempt at getting all her students settled down. Of course, after dealing with the months of sub-freezing weather that winter had brought, no one wanted to be trapped in a classroom on the first warm, sunny day of spring. It took Ms. Gutoskis awhile but she finally got the attention of the unruly class and we had begun today's math lesson.

She took to the chalk board directly in front of the class and had begun to write out unsolved algebra problems in advance of calling students to the front of the class to solve them. I couldn't focus much on math considering her outfit. She was rocking a short denim mini skirt that allowed her tanned and toned legs to be put on display to all of her students. Her thick, muscular thighs had my attention throughout the entire class period.

She had on a hot pink halter top over an obvious black, lace bra. Her tits which I'd judge as a solid C cup overflowed her top and made it look as if she was about to have a wardrobe malfunction in front of her students at any moment. Her dirty blondish colored hair fell midway down her back and was done up in loose curls. She even went as far as having a diamond stud in her nose, which was strictly forbidden by school policy. I presumed that she was dressed so inappropriately not just to show the good looking, young female teacher in the classroom next door that she's not so hot after all but also as an ultimate "fuck you" to the school's policy makers after her accident.

I spent the entire time watching Ms. Gutoskis' ass sway to and fro' as she wrote out the math problems until she had finished and leaned against the same corner of her desk where she had wet herself. I was a bit spaced out until I heard my name called.

"Andrew" Ms. Gutoskis announced.

"Huh?" I responded to my name being called.

"Would you care to go up to the board to solve the problem that I wrote out?" She said in a more demanding than questioning tone.

"Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Let me gather my notebook real quick first." I said in a bit of a panic.

I used my notebook as a stalling tactic. All the time I had spent watching, fantasizing, and wondering just what kind of panties

Ms. Gutoskis was wearing, (if any), meant I had a massive boner. No way could I just stand up without Ms. Gutoskis noticing the massive bulge in my jeans from my massive 10" cock. I had devised a plan that I'd try to shield my jeans with my notebook while I slipped a hand into my waistband to re-position my cock as I stood up.

My plan had turned out to be an epic fail. Ms. Gutoskis had clearly saw the massive bulge in my jeans and flashed a bit of a sneaky grin. Nonetheless, it did keep me from the embarrassment that would have ensued had I not managed to at least hide my erection from my classmates. I managed to solve the problem without further incident and retook to my seat. I was still quite embarrassed about what I had flashed to Ms. Gutoskis but, it could have been worse. Not to mention, she's also had her time of embarrassment, so at least we could relate now.

The rest of the period had went off without a hitch until just before the bell sounded to send us to our next class.

"Andrew" Ms. Gutoskis said in a demanding tone.

"Yes, Ms. Gutoskis." I answered with trying to be as polite as possible.

"I'm going to need to see you today after school. Stop by my classroom here." She said.

I spent the rest of the day wondering. What'd I do wrong? Is she going to bitch me out about the boner incident? Why exactly am I in trouble? Not a moment passed that I wasn't worrying about facing Ms. Gutoskis after school. This was probably the first time that any of Ms. Gutoskis' students was actually dreading a private, face to face meeting with her. I was, though.

The rest of the day went by as fast as ever. Too fast for my liking. It was now just five minutes until dismissal. I was sweating bullets as I sat there dreading what was about to come from this private, face to face meeting. Just then, the bell sounded. It was time to "face the music" as they say. Slowly, I made my way up to the third floor. I walked as if I was getting ready to face my executioner, dreading every step that took me closer to the classroom where Ms. Gutoskis would be waiting. The moment had arrived as I walked through the classroom door.

"Would you care to close that door behind you? We need to have a bit of a discussion." She demanded.

I closed the door behind me and made my way toward her desk. My head hanging a bit low as a scolded dog's would. Upon reaching her desk, she offered me a seat right in front of her. She had on the same outfit of course, although all I could see now was from her waist up which protruded from behind her desk. Her elbows were on her desk and her head rested on the palms of her hands.

"Quit acting like I'm going to rip your damn head off. You know me better than that. You've never even heard me raise my voice before. You ought to know that I'm the most laid back person ever." She said.

"I'm sorry. I really was thinking that I was in trouble though." I tried to explain.

"Trouble? Are you kidding me? Perhaps you haven't noticed. I'm a rule breaker, not enforcer." She joked with a bit of laughter.

"Why exactly am I here, then?" I questioned.

"We'll get to that in a moment. Let's wait for a few minutes while the remaining teachers clear out before we get into that." She said.

I found myself sitting there again fixating on her perky tits. No matter how much I tried not to, it wasn't happening. She didn't seem to mind though as she thrusted her chest forward. She sat twirling one of her spiraled pieces of hair to pass the time. Being face to face with her meant I couldn't help but notice her plush lips accented with a pretty shade of pink lip stick. Her blue eyes and long eye lashes also demanded attention. I couldn't help but picture her deep-throating my massive cock.

"Alright. Everyone should be gone except the janitor by now. Let's begin." She quipped off.

"You honestly think that I don't notice you fixating on me throughout the entire class? You stare at my tits and salivate over my ass non stop. At first, I was thinking you need punished but, not anymore." She said, hastily.

"Uh. Uh. Sorry!" I blurted out as I had no idea what to say.

"Just a couple of weeks ago when I had my wetting accident, you think I didn't notice how turned on you were? Did you like seeing me piss myself? You obviously have a pee fetish. I can see right through you." She said.

"Well. Uh."

"Enough fronting. I know it and you know it. Just admit it!" She demanded.

"Yes. I admit it. I love to see a girl relieve herself. It doesn't make me any less human." I fired back at her.

"Good. That's that. Now let's get onto the fact that I know you want to fuck me. You make it so damn obvious. I wonder what would the principal say if he knew you couldn't control yourself around me?" She questioned.

"Oh God. You can't tell! I'll be expelled! Just transfer me out of your class. I'll join Ms. Smyth's class." I pleaded.

"You think I give a fuck about the principal, now. If he knew I was having this sexually charged talk with you now, I'd be fired and Ms. Smyth? That young bitch next door who is always getting me into trouble and thinks she's hotter than me? You wanna join her class? Bullshit!" She was clearly pissed off.

"I'm sorry. You're a bit hard to read right now. I feel like I'm in trouble but, you're saying I'm not." I explained.

"Well, let's head over to that bitch Ms. Smyth's room and I'll make it clear." She said.

We both stood up and made our way to the door leading out into the hallway. I left her go first partly so she could make sure the hallway was free from the janitor and partly so I could focus on her perfect ass as she walked in front of me.

"Oh. Grab my bottle of Powerade from my desk, please. I have a feeling I'm going to need it from the workout I'm about to receive." She whispered.

I grabbed her Powerade and headed back to the door where she was still posted, watching for anyone in the hallway. The coast was clear, so we made our way across the hall. Ms. Gutoskis' heels clacked as she tried to run in them. We made our way to Ms. Smyth's room and closed the door behind us. All the blinds were drawn shut, so it was pitch black as we fumbled around looking for the light switch. We both giggled a bit and I'm sure if found, we'd have looked more like two students about to engage in inappropriate acts versus the teacher-student that we were. We finally found the switch and flipped on the lights to reveal a perfectly organized room that had already been visited by the janitor.

"Come on." Ms. Gutoskis said, tugging my hand.

We made our way over to the desk which was oddly situated at the back of the room. She pushed me backwards into the chair positioned at the desk and plopped herself into my lap facing me. She wrapped her arms around me as I did the same with her and massaged her back up and down. We made out furiously as she left out little moans and sighs as she grinded her pussy against the growing bulge in my jeans.

"I can't believe we're doing this. I'm not just breaking rules but also laws now! It doesn't matter though. You're eighteen and I absolutely need your cock right now. I've wanted to fuck you for so long." Ms. Gutoskis confided in me.

She let up a moment before standing up and spinning my chair toward a filing cabinet situated in the corner. "Watch this. Since I hate this bitch anyways, I'm going to ruin her day tomorrow." She opened the bottom drawer in the cabinet to reveal a drawer full of hundreds of files. It was obvious what she was about to do. Just the thought of what was about to occur had tipped me over the edge causing me to fish my hard cock from my jeans. Ms. Gutoskis faced me and rested her ass against the closed drawers of the cabinet. She raised her short mini skirt to reveal a pink, lace thong which she in turn pulled aside. For the first time, I was no longer imagining what her pussy looked like.

She was well groomed with just a small, "landing strip" of pubic hair. Her pussy lips were rather plump and her pussy was the most fantastic shade of pink imaginable. Her clit was erect and protruded out a bit from her pussy, it was by no means huge though. She flashed a quick cute, but naughty grin before allowing herself to relax.

With her eyes gently closed, she started to let out a gentle trickle that fell and began to wet the files below. As she let out a subtle sigh of relief, her stream began to grow. She now had a steady, laser-like stream accomplished as she moved forward to back and side to side absolutely drenching the files. Her pussy gave a gentle hiss as her stream escaped her. Her piss was rather lightly colored yet still dark enough to leave the white sheets of paper that the files contained with a light golden stain. She was clearly enjoying herself and turning herself on even more as she would give her hair the occasional whip which made her actions even more sexy. Her stream still remained steady and the sound of it spraying the files below still filled the room. What also filled the room was the semi-sweet aroma that her piss gave off.

"Are you enjoying what you're witnessing?" She asked spontaneously.

"Uh huh. It's so fucking sexy, darling!" I reassured her.

"Good. I'm sure Ms. Smyth isn't going to enjoy her piss stained files." She said with an evil laugh.

Her stream slowed to give off nothing more than a pitter-patter over the absolutely soaked, golden stained papers before she quickly cut it off altogether. She again made her way back over towards me, not even fixing her panties or skirt. Again, she plopped herself down on my lap letting her pussy rest against my hard cock which I'd already freed from the zipper of my pants. She wrapped her arms around me as before and raised herself up a bit. Her bare pussy still just barely touched my cock. I felt her relax a bit and then felt a spurt of piss escape her pussy and blast my cock. She continued with a stream that was just slightly more than a trickle. I was unsure which was better, the hot piss splashing my cock and soaking my jeans or her warm, soft skinned, shaven, plump pussy that was still against my cock. Finally after spraying my cock for a solid 15 seconds and soaking my jeans she was finished. Her bladder capacity was quite impressive.

"Damn. Was you bursting to piss or what?" I inquisitively asked.

"Nah. That's nothing more than a normal piss for me." She responded cheekily with.

"Well, the piss you took in the bathroom after you began to wet yourself must of been something else!" I said.

"I'll give you a demonstration of a desperate piss in the future. For now, it's your turn to please me. I want you to piss in Ms. Smyth's thermos she left here on her desk." Ms. Gutoskis demanded.

"What? I can't do that. If anyone finds out, I'll be forever expelled!" I said worryingly.

"What do you think about me? I just fucking pissed all over her damn files. Who cares! No one will find out as long as you don't tell." She reassured me.

Without further conversation Ms. Gutoskis took the lid from the thermos and handed it over. I couldn't believe what I was about to do. I would have felt bad about it, except Ms. Smyth always bitched at me for loitering in the hallway in the morning, so this served as a good way for me to "get even." Ms. Gutoskis removed herself from my lap and allowed me to stand before she took my spot in the chair. I fought with myself to get my raging boner to subside enough that I'd be able to release my bladder through my semi-hard cock.

I bent my still somewhat rigid cock downward towards the opening of the thermos that I held slightly below. It took a ton of mind power to finally begin releasing a small stream. I tried to focus my attention away from Ms. Gutoskis as she was sitting in the chair rubbing her pussy through her lace thong. Giving her my attention would have inevitably lead to another raging boner. I continued to pee into the thermos and was now much more relaxed.

There was a steady "whooosh" sound as the thermos filled. Ms. Gutoskis was thrilled with my effort as the bottle reach full capacity. She sat rubbing her pussy and clit furiously through her pink thong while letting out very audible moans. With the thermos filled, my erection returning from listening to Ms. Gutoskis moan, and my bladder with still a bit more pee left in it, I directed my stream onto Ms. Gutoskis' pussy. I soaked her pussy through her thong as she continued to rub her pussy furiously. My stream must have been orgasmic to her as she moaned, shrieked, and was left gasping for her breath. Finally, my stream had ended and we were both left with empty bladders.

Ms. Gutoskis then stood up and offered up a strip tease. I was unsure whether my cock could handle any more teasing for the day but, no straight man was going to turn down the chance to see Ms. Gutoskis fully naked. So, I removed my button down dress shirt in anticipation thus revealing my 6 pack abs before leaning against Ms. Smyth's desk. Ms. Gutoskis gave me a bit of a stare that made it seem as though she was the one receiving a strip tease from me.

She made her way in front of me and ripped her pink halter top from over her head in the most seductive way imaginable. She then wrapped her top around the back of my neck and used it to pull my face directly into her large, black lace clad tits. I couldn't help but let out a little moan as she did this. After receiving a face full of tits, she relinquished her force and allowed me to take in a breath of fresh air after being smothered by her voluptuous breasts. I took this moment to single handedly reach behind her and undo her skimpy black lace bra with expert precision and allow it to fall to the floor.

"Ohh. Not too new at this, are we? Pulling off slick moves like that." She whispered into my ear.

"That's not the only move I know." I joked.

"Well, we'll just see about that." She replied a bit seductively.

She now stood topless. Her perky tits exposed and leaving nothing more to my imagination. Her tits had the same crisp, golden tan that the rest of her body had and she had not a single tan line on her entire body. Her nipples were puffy and a brilliant shade of pink just like her pussy. I was left unsure which was more pleasing to view. Her perfect C cup titties with their beautiful puffy, pink nipples or her magnificent pink pussy with it's undeniably suckable clit. Either way, it was on with the show as she removed her wet skirt. She was now left with just her heels and her thong. Her thong soon found itself off and lying on the floor. The sight of Ms. Gutoskis naked was nearly enough to make me orgasm myself.

"You'll have to settle for this. I'm a fucking naughty bitch as you've witnessed. I fuck with my heels on." She said breathing shallowly.

"All the better, you naughty slut." I dirty talked to her.

With that, Ms. Gutoskis was on her knees with my cock stuffing her mouth. I was no longer left to imagine a blowjob from her as my cock was finally receiving the much needed attention it had been lacking all day. Much to my surprise, she deepthroated my thick 10" cock with ease. She occasionally would look up at me with my cock still in her mouth. This was all the more satisfying.

After giving that bit of oral, Ms. Gutoskis retook to her feet and grabbed her full bottle of Powerade she had with her. She took a couple of big gulps before returning the lid to the now half drunken bottle. She took plopped her ass right on Ms. Smyth's desk and spread her legs. It was now her turn to have her pussy eaten and she was making it clear that that's what she wanted. Instead of diving straight into her pussy though, I first took the time to make out with her for a few minutes. I then massaged her tits and placed her nipples into my mouth to give them a pleasurable sucking. Nipples this perfect deserved lots of attention after all. While playing with her tits, I slipped a free hand between her legs and massaged her inner thigh before focusing on her pussy. Ms. Gutoskis was clearly in an orgasmic state as she was breathing so heavily as well as having her entire body shutter.

I made my way down to her pussy where I began by giving it a few gentle licks. Ms. Gutoskis was so overcome with pleasure, she seemed paralyzed. While she lay unable to move, I gave my tongue a few flicks into her pussy where I could still get the taste of her bitter-sweet pee from earlier. I then gave her clit a brief, gentle sucking to which she replied.

"Ahhh. Don't stop. Don't stop."

I took her command and continued. I sucked on her clit as though it was a tootsie pop, occasionally taking the time to stick my tongue into her pussy and use it to massage it. Oral was no longer enough. As I stood to my feet, Ms. Gutoskis raised up from a lying position on the desk to a sitting one. She finished her half bottle of remaining Powerade before making it clear she needed to fuck, now.

With that, I slid both my hands under her ass cheeks and picked her up. I took a few steps with her and pinned her against the wall. Her legs lye limp above the ground, her only support was me. She clung to my massive biceps and eagerly waited for what was about to happen.

"Oh. You're strong, huh?" She said more so than asking.

"Uh huh. I try." I responded.

"I've never been in this position before." She mentioned.

"Obviously you date weak guys then." I teased.

While she was pressed against the wall, I picked her up slightly higher and managed to position her over my cock to where I could slide it in. She reach down to direct it in as I slowly lowered her down. The feeling that overcame me as I lowered her onto my dick was indescribable. I waited until my cock was fully inserted before I began to slam her pussy. She was doing nothing yet she was way more out of breath than I was. I knew she couldn't get enough. After a few minutes in that position my arms began to tire. I carried her over to the desk all while still thrusting my cock in and out of her. She was out of breath, sweating profusely, and nearly screaming in pleasure as I laid her on the desk. We continued to fuck.

Through the extreme pleasure that Ms. Gutoskis was experiencing she managed to get a few words out between her moans and deep breathing. It took her an eternity to say what should have taken seconds. It sounded a bit like "Ah. Don't stop. Hmm Ah. I got. Oh God. a surprise. For. Oh yes. You." It was so drawn out that it was as hard to comprehend as it is for you to read. Nonetheless, I continued to slam her pussy. Finally after a solid 20 minutes of sex she finally revealed her surprise. She squirted all over the uncorrected tests lying on the desk as well as all over me. This in turn sent me over the top and caused me to cum. I pulled out of her pussy and came so hard that the initial cumshot hit her face and covered her tits. I finished blowing my load on her lower stomach and onto her pussy. She laid trembling, unable to speak for several minutes.

"I told you I had a surprise. I'm a squirter." She said still breathless.

"Just when I thought you couldn't get any hotter." I told her also breathless.

"All these tests are covered with my cum. I can't help it though. That was such an intense fucking, I've never squirted that much." She gasped.

I began putting my briefs on and picking up my jeans which had gotten wet from Ms. Gutoskis squirting on them while they laid on the floor. As I was redressing, Ms. Gutoskis slid off the desk and made her way over to the nearby office chair which sat at the desk when we entered. She made sure that she had my attention before squatting over the chair. This time, she released an immediate, strong, clear stream that pelted and drenched the chair. She let out a little sigh of relief as it was obvious she was holding it throughout our sex session. Before she spent all of it on the chair though, I called for her.

"Hey. Aren't you going to offer a drink? I'm dying of thirst over here from fucking you so good and hard." I scolded.

She cut her stream and came over to lean against the desk. I got on my knees and instead of burying my face in her pussy to drink, I challenged her to test her aim. I was a couple of feet from her, so it truly would be a test of accuracy. She spread her pussy lips and wiggled about until she thought her stream would be in my mouth's vicinity. She let out a quick stream. Too far to the right, so she moved to the left and tried again. This time just a bit to the left.

Another minor adjustment and we both knew the third time would be the charm. She again released her stream which splashed against my chest. A quick, on the fly adjustment by pulling up on her pussy had her arching her strong stream right into my mouth. She pissed with such a violent force I felt I was going to drown. As soon as I'd swallow, she'd have my mouth refilled with her hot piss. She continued pissing with this intensity before she finally stopped and I leaned forward to kiss her pussy. Before finished redressing, we again shared an intimate kiss.

We finished getting dressed and decided we best get the hell out of there before we got caught. We left the room still in total disarray. Pee soaked files, a soaked chair, wet spots on the floor, a thermos full of piss and test papers that Ms. Gutoskis had squirted all over. She really was a naughty bitch as she said. We vowed we'd piss and fuck together again as we both shared the best sex we'd ever had. As we both made our way to our homes, we couldn't help but wonder "What's Ms. Smyth going to say in the morning?"

