Christmas Tail

20th December 2013, 12:22 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Elvendork returned to her New York City hotel room after a long day of work. She was tired - an entire day of shopping during the busy holiday season would do that to anyone. Of course, most didn't have to order, purchase, and secure pick up for gifts for several million children. Elvendork was, after all, a resident of the North Pole, and had to secure the gifts for Nicholas's annual trip around the world.

She took off her snow covered coat, then removed her fur lined hat, allowing her long, blonde hair to fall free. Elvendork smiled as she looked in the mirror. She definitely looked good for someone that was almost 1700 years old. In fact, she looked good, period. She stood just a tad under five feet tall, had long, slightly curly blonde hair, a cute little nose that turned up slightly at the end, bright eyes that, if you looked closely, actually sparkled, and two very slightly pointed ears. This last feature was typical among her people. Moving down her body, she had small but firm breasts, a thin waist, and a tight ass. She was sure that the couple she was meeting tonight, with whom she had only communicated via video chat, would be pleased.

Her rendezvous was still a while off, however, and she decided to relax and unwind after a busy day before her visitors arrived. She turmed on the TV, picked up the remote, and began flipping channels. She came across the Rankin and Bass classic "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer" and stopped to watch it. It was always a laugh.

The depictions of the North Pole, of Nicholas, and of her people, Nicholas's helpers, always amused her, though some of her friends were offended by it. First, a number of them hated that people thought of them as elves. While a bit short by today's standards, they were actually of normal height for people born in the 4th century AD. The idea that Nicholas employed elves to help him appears to have come from a book by Clement C. Moore, «A Visit From Saint Nicholas.» Moore had actually seen Nicholas when he had come to the author's house to deliver toys to the man's children.

Moore, however, had embellished a lot in his description to Nicholas. For one, his beard was not as «white as the snow.» Rather, it was a dark brown. Nicholas, who was immortal, had the appearance of a man in his thirties. And, while he was often «jolly,» Nicholas certainly was no elf. He was actually above average height for a man who was born in the 3rd century AD in what is now Turkey. Still, the description of him as an elf is surely what promulgated the idea that those that worked with him were also elves.

Another issue that some of her friends had with this cartoon, and depictions like it, actually arose from a longing for the way things used to be. Unlike in the popular folklore, they did not craft the gifts that were delivered to the children, not anymore. While this used to be the case, the advent of TV and radio had created a demand for name brands. Even though she had friends that could craft toys and electronics that were much better than that offered by Mattel, Samsung, Apple, and others, children had long ago demanded the products that they saw advertised in the various forms of media. Nicholas had no choice but to comply.

While some of her friends hated this, Elvie, as she was known to those closest to her, personally loved it. It allowed her to travel to places like New York, Los Angeles, London, Paris, and Tokyo, among others, securing the purchase of the presents for the world's children. In fact, most of the «elves» who were in her line of work were happy that they didn't make the toys any more, but were wise to keep that opinion mostly to themselves.

The image of Nicholas that made her laugh the most was that of him dressed in red. «Exactly which animal is it that has bright red fur?» she often wondered. Nicholas typically wore furs and skins of animals that were native to the Arctic.

Nicholas had come across her people almost 17 centuries ago in Northern Europe. Even though they were peaceful people, they were persecuted. Peoples who could perform sorcery, as her people could, were always persecuted. Their strange appearance, with the pointed ears and sparkly eyes, didn't help matters. Their numbers had been dwindling, but Nicholas, a Christian Saint, was able to see the goodness in their hearts. He saved the remainder of her race, granted them immortality (as one of his many miracles), and moved them further north, away from those that persecuted them. He then enlisted their help, using his miracles and their magical abilities to allow him to spread his acts of charity to the entire world.

That immortality, while mostly a blessing, did have its disadvantages. They had learned long ago that the gift of immortality could not be passed onto their children. Nicholas had remorsefully explained to them that a group of immortals, bearing immortal children, who would themselves one day bear immortal children, etc., would create a population that wouldn't be sustainable. As none of them could bear the thought of having children, only to see them eventually die, they had never had children after becoming immortal.

Another disadvantage was boredom, especially in the small community in which they lived. And if some people, with their finite life spans, had a problem with monogamy, imagine how monotonous it would be if you could live forever. Maintaining a sexual relationship with a single partner had gone out of the window centuries ago. In order to spice things up the members of her tribe had tried all sorts of things: same-sex partners, group sex, and just about every fetish imaginable. Everyone had their list of favorites, and Elvie was no different. At the very top of her list was watersports.

Elvie loved everything about watersports. She loved to piss in front of others, and she loved watching others piss. She enjoyed wetting herself, and would often do it multiple times a day. Most of all, she loved golden showers. She loved the feel of her partner's piss soaking her body, running over her face, her breasts, her pussy, and her legs. She loved the taste of piss, both her piss and that of a lover (or lovers). At first she had only liked the taste of clear pee, but she had now had several centuries to get used to the tastes of different types of pee, and now loved them all.

Trying new fetishes, and switching partners, unfortunately, wasn't enough to prevent a monotonous sex life. Not when the only people that you've seen for centuries live in the same small village. With the exception of Nicholas, who would never engage in such behavior, and her own family, she had slept with everyone in the village. Multiple times. This was a key reason why she loved her job. It gave her a chance to get out and meet, and fuck, new people.

It was extremely easy for her to set up this rendezvous with the couple she was meeting tonight. Nicholas really did have an apparatus that allowed him to see who was "naughty" and "nice." By setting the parameters to look for adults, rather than children, and tweaking the definition of "naughty" to fit her purposes, she was able to find some couples in the New York area who loved watersports and would be open to adding another female into the mix.

After reviewing all of the results, Elvie found the perfect couple. His name was Kris, hers was Mary. Kris had been a quarterback in college, but was now the new car manager at an auto dealership. He still kept in shape, and the 35 year old, with his blonde hair, green eyes, friendly smile, and 6'3 frame made Elvie swoon. Perhaps best of all was a thick, 9" dick that she desperately wanted to feel inside her.

Mary was equally impressive. The 5'9" brunette was a model, and had competed in a number of beauty pagents. The leggy girl had the type of tight, firm ass that Elvie loved, a lovely set of large tits that were capped with a set of beautiful, long nipples that she couldn't wait to suck.

It was no mistake that Elvie had chosen a pair that were so tall and well endowed. There was nobody back in the village that came close to matching their height, none of the men have a dick like Kris's, and no woman had a pair of tits like Mary's. When she was able to go out into the rest of the world, Elvie definitely craved that which she couldn't get at home.

Elvie smiled when she recalled their early interactions over the Internet. They had been reluctant to believe that she really was whom she said she was, and was pretty sure that Kris still had his doubts. They were both anxious, however, to hook up with the petite blonde, of whom they were both completely smitten. They had shared some videos back and forth. Elvie's favorite had been one with Kris and Mary engaged in a piss 69. She was excited just thinking about it.

Mary had been laying on top of Paul, trying to drink every drop of the clear stream erupting from his dick. That which she couldn't drink was pouring down over his clock and balls, puddling on the floor. There was another puddle forming on the other end, as Mary's pussy, inches above Kris's face, was releasing a stream that was overflowing his mouth, despite his best efforts to gulp it down. After Kris had finished pissing, Mary had started to lick his cock and balls clean, and finished by taking his dick into her mouth, sucking him until he ejaculated a huge wad of cum down her throat.

Kris had been more than happy to return the favor. He had set his tongue to work furiously on her pussy, loving the taste of the remnants of her piss, and eventually, the taste of her other juices. It had obviously given him great satisfaction when Mary had started to cum, and he had kept licking while her body shook and she squealed in pleasure.

Elvie also fondly remembered making the video that the couple had identified as their favorite. She had been sitting on floor wearing a green top and short skirt. The top had been open to reveal her tits, and her legs were spread, showing off a thin pair of white panties.

Looking at the camera she had started to piss, quickly soaking through the thin cloth of her panties. She cupped her right hand, placed it down to her pussy so that it filled with piss, and rubbed the piss all over her tits. In the meantime, she had been filling her cupped left hand with piss, and then brought up that hand to rub on her tits. She had repeated this a few times, then end result being that her chest was soaking with droplets of her pee. She had then looked at the camera and asked, "Would you like to lick me clean?" When they had later seen the video, Kris and Mary had enthusiastically indicated that yes, they would love to lick her clean.

After having asked the question, Elvie had then pulled her panties aside and started fingering herself. She was still pissing, and loved the feeling as her hot piss sprayed everywhere while her fingers slid in and out of her pussy. She later realized that this looked absolutely fantastic on camera, and that several droplets of piss had hit the lens. Her orgasm at the end of the video had also really turned the couple on, as she had rolled around in the puddle of her piss, moaning and whimpering.

Elvie looked at the time, and her excitement increased. Kris and Mary would be be arriving any minute, and their relationship would move from online chats and videos to hot, wet, passionate sex. She couldn't wait.

###

Kris and Mary were walking down the hotel corridor, looking for the room number. They were just as excited as Elvie, anxious to finally meet and fuck the beauty that they had only seen on camera.

Kris was still skeptical of Elvie's claim that she was what, one of Santa's elves? She had been very persuasive on this point, and had seemed to perform some acts on video that certainly seemed like magic. Mary was convinced. But he couldn't wrap his mind around the concept. Maybe she was a magician showing off some of her tricks, or maybe a film student, and her "magic" might be nothing more than special effects. Whatever she was, Santa's elf, magician, or film student, the indisputable fact was that she was hot, sexy, and kinky. A huge smile lit up his face as he found her room number, and knocked on her door.

Elvie jumped as she heard the knock on the door, and rushed to open it. She was not disappointed when she saw the couple standing at her door. They were dressed warmly, in bulky clothing, due to the cold weather. This didn't allow Elvie to see the fantastic bodies that she knew they had, but Kris, with the smile lighting up his face, looked extraordinary handsome, and Mary looked very beautiful.

Mary smiled as she saw Elvie and her roughly five foot frame. It had been a hot, petite girl just like this who had introduced her to the pee fetish back when they were both 18 and competing against each other in a beauty pagent. That girl had been wild, sexy, and an amazing lover, and Mary was sure that Elvie would prove to be the same.

For Kris, Elvie reminded him of some of the girls on the gymnastics team back in college: short, but full of energy. He was anxious to get things started.

"Hi, I'm so happy to finally meet you!" Elvie exclaimed as she reached up to give Kris a hug.

"We're excited to meet you, too," Mary replied, as she took her turn to hug their new friend. While embracing Elvie, she gave her a long, sensuous kiss.

After the kiss, Elvie, who was anxious to get on with it, asked the pair, "So, what fantasies can I help you fulfill?"

"Personally, I've still been fantasizing about the way you were in that video, with your panties drenched and your body covered in piss," Kris replied.

Oh, that's an easy one," said Elvie, moving toward the bed. As she sat down, she immediately transformed herself to the way she was just after making the video: she was wearing the green top, pulled open, her body covered in her own wet piss, and she had on the green skirt, pulled up, revealing her soaked, white, pissy panties

.

"Holy shit!" Kris exclaimed. He was stunned. Elvie had instantaneously changed from what she had just been wearing into the outfit she had been wearing in the video, and was now covered in what he was sure was her piss. "I guess you really are one of Santa's elves!"

An exasperated Elvie replied, "I've told you, we're not elves. And his name really isn't Santa, and really is Saint Nicholas. But why are you wasting your time talking?"

With that, Kris and Mary were immediately on her, Mary frantically licking her left breast, Kris her right. Mary's hand had, by a fraction of a second, beat Kris's to Elvie's panties, as she slipped her hand inside them and began to rub her clit.

Both Kris and Mary were enjoying the slightly salty taste of Elvie's piss on her body. Every once in a while Kris would lean up and kiss Elvie, letting her taste her piss on his tongue. Elvie loved the feeling on the couple's tongues licking her tits and body, and really loved the magic that Mary's fingers were working on her pussy.

Mary started to move her mouth down Elvie's body, making her way to the soaked panties. She started to suck as much pee as she could out of the panties , then moved them aside and started licking her new friend's pussy. Soon light, soft moans let Mary know that Elvie was appreciating her skilled tongue.

Elvie shifted her body, and her touch indicated for her lovers to shift theirs, so that she was now laying over Mary in a 69 position, with Mary's head and Elvie's ass and pussy near the foot of the bed, while Kris was standing next to them. With a wave of Elvie's hand Mary's pants and panties disappered, reappearing instantly on a chair in the room, neatly folded. Before focusing her attentions on Mary's now naked pussy, Elvie turned to speak to Kris: "Please, fuck me, and piss inside me while you do it."

"Of course I'll fuck you!" Kris eagerly replied, "but I won't be able to piss. I can't do it with a raging hard on." Elvie could hear the disappointment in his voice as he finished the sentence

Elvie reached out and stroked his rock hard dick, which he had just released from his pants. "You can now."

Kris looked at her quizzically for a second, then walked to the foot of the bed, where Mary's tongue was furiously attacking Elvie's pussy. Kris slid his dick into Elvie's tight, wet pussy, and began to slowly fuck her.

Kris was in heaven. As his cock slid in and out of Elvie's tight pussy, Mary had turned her tongue's attention to his balls, and the combination of sensations was amazing. Mary felt the same way, as she had never had a lover who could eat pussy as well as Elvie. Of course, none of her other lovers ever had centuries of practice.

Elvie, too, was enjoying herself, loving the feeling of Kris's hard, long cock in her pussy and the taste of Mary's beautiful pussy. She stopped licking for just a second, imploring the couple, "Piss, both of you!"

Kris hesitated, sure that he couldn't do it. Still, he decided to give it a try. He was surprised when a strong jet of piss erupted from his rock hard dick as he thrust it inside Elvie's pussy.

Mary relaxed, and started to release a slow, steady trickle of piss, as this was how Kris preferred it when he was eating her, and hoped that Elvie liked it that way as well.

Elvie squealed in delight. The feeling of Kris's hot piss filling her pussy was exquisite, as was the taste of Mary's piss. Elvie alternated between clamping her mouth over Mary's pussy and drinking her piss, to licking her pussy while the urine flowed.

Kris couldn't believe how amazing it felt to fuck Elvie's pussy as it filled up with his hot fluid. He also loved how his thrusting was causing his piss to splatter everywhere.

Mary was enjoying this aspect of it as well. She had her eyes closed, to prevent Kris's piss from stinging them, and her mouth open, to catch as much of her husband's piss as she could as it splashed out of Elvie's pussy. In addition to enjoying the taste, she also liked the sensation of the piss soaking her face, hair, and neck as it sprayed wildly out of Elvie's pussy. Mary, in fact, was so turned on by this, and by the skill with which Elvie's tongue was pleasing her pussy, that she started to cum.

Elvie could feel Mary's body shudder beneath her as the gorgeous brunette entered her orgasm. Elvie loved it when she was able to get someone off, and this, plus the awesome feeling of Kris's big dick in her pussy, caused her to enter her own orgasm.

Kris, who was proud of his staying power, couldn't hold back his own orgasm any longer, as the sensation of fucking Elvie's piss filled pussy was too much for him. Cum erupted from his dick, filling Elvie's pussy, and dripping down her pussy lips. As soon as he finished cumming he withdrew.

Mary, who had come off her own orgasm, started to lick Kris's cum out of Elvie's pussy. Elvie, who had also just come off of one orgasm, entered another, and released her bladder as she did so.

Mary was soon swallowing mouthfuls of Kris's cum and Elvie's piss, and loving every second of it. She was, in fact, disappointed when Elvie had completely emptied her bladder.

"Holy shit, that was amazing!" Kris practically shouted. "I need some time for my dick to recover, and, of course, it will take a while for our bladders to fill again, but how about another round?"

"Why wait," Elvie asked, with a twinkle in her eye. She reached a hand down to both their crotches. They both looked at her amazed, as their bladders were both suddenly full, and Kris's dick was again rock hard.

"Where have you been all of our lives," Mary asked, as she prepared to for the second round of what she knew would become the greatest night that she and Kris had ever experienced.

###

There was a lot of kissing and hugging as Elvie said goodbye to the exhausted couple the next morning. She had invited them to join her in LA, where she would be working next weekend, and London, the weekend after. She had offered to set up airline travel for them, but they had wanted to travel via sleigh, so she had set up a time and location to pick them up.

She looked at the room, which was a mess. The bed, carpet, and furniture was all soaked. There were also puddles of piss on the bathroom floor, and sheets and pillows were strewn everywhere. With a wave of her hand the room was neat, tidy, and dry, appearing as if no one had stayed there. After reviewing the bill she entered the elevator and pushed the button for the roof, where Donner and a sleigh lay waiting, magically hidden from human eyes. She always enjoyed returning home, but was much more looking forward to next weekend in LA.

