Our Miss Heather, Chapter 4

14th July 2020, 07:58 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Miss Heather is my thirty something college Business economics professor. She's beautiful, sexy and has a thing about peeing in her panties. Well, when she finds out how it affects me, read on...

This is chapter 4

We’d been on Spring Break for over a week and I’d left campus to visit my family for a couple of days. Just the same, a text message from Heather really got my interest. She called and wanted me to meet her again at her families cabin. How could I refuse.

It didn’t take me long to get everything together, then I hurried to the beach. Ironically arriving at almost the very moment Heather did. I was presented with an even more beautiful and sexy women than I could have guessed. Cute and sexy is always nice, but Heather was more than that. Dressed in a pair of dark jean short alls with suspenders accentuating her braless breasts and those straps over her shoulders were doing little to hide her nipples. A normal white, satin blouse was there, having just the right effect. Her always present wedge sandals making that beautiful ass of hers just poke out a bit more.

She’d also changed the color of her hair. It was now a beautiful faded red, she’d braided it into pig tails reaching to the middle of her back. Pink lip stick just made her look especially inviting.

Before I said much, she grabbed me, kissing me with her long tongue like she always does, saying, “hurry, we should get to the store for refreshments and if we don’t hurry your girl is going to wet her panties”.

I'd kind of gathered from the way she suggested we hurry, that there was something on her mind. While we kissed, I ran my hand up the crack of her ass. Now feeling that beautiful butt always turns me on and I’m afraid my growing erection was getting out of control. Pulling back from me, she looked down saying, “You have to be careful, you must know by now, what that does to me. Come on let's go, I’ll drive”. I noticed her reach between her legs and discreetly pinch her puss. I was pretty sure that she’d already started to dribble.

I followed her out the door trying not to concentrate too much on the way her very brief short alls covered her bottom. I also couldn’t miss the pantie lines caused by her always present ladies training panties. I wondered what was in store for the rest of the afternoon. Once in the car, I suggested she smoke a little from my hash pipe, saying, "It’ll relax you”. She agreed.

Heather is always great company and I really enjoy spending time with her. Once we arrived at the grocery store, I pushed the food cart while she picked various items off the shelves. We spent time selecting just the right wines for our little weekend get together. I couldn’t help noticing that while examining a nice Cabernet, she was casually reaching down to her crotch and was pinching herself again. I watched intently, wondering, while her hand lingered, feeling around the edges of the rolled cuffs on her shorts.

"Honey, I should have used the bathroom at the cabin before we left. Let’s hurry, I think I need to go.”

Now, the “I need to go” thing was certainly a sure wake up call and suggested that she’d probably already started wetting herself. We stopped talking as she brushed her breasts against my arm, finished with a few extra bottles of wine and pushed our cart to the checkout. Heather planned on paying and was holding her large purse in front of her, partially obscuring the crotch of what I figured were some “pissed in” pants . As we reached the check out, I couldn’t help but reach out and pat her butt while using my index finger again to feel the crack of her ass. For sure, she had started peeing.

Heather wetting herself was nothing new and once in a while she’d told me that it happened when in public. After feeling her wet ass and giving it a nice pat, she leaned against me again with those luscious tits saying, “i think I’ve peed, just stay close to me”. A new and larger erection started taking place. She noticed too, which just encouraged her to whisper more about her wet pussy as we reached the cash register. “Honey, I’m soaked."

It was self bagging, so as the clerk added things to the conveyor, I noticed her eyeing Heathers crotch suspiciously. I’m sure she knew Heather had just peed in her pants and Heather wasn’t doing much to hide the wet patch circling her puss. “Hi Heather, how have you been, we haven’t seen much of you recently?”. As she said this I noticed her continuing to glance at Heather’s crotch. A smile crossed her face and she gave a knowing wink at Heather. "We should get together for a glass or two of wine. By the way he is really cute”.

Heather knew she’d been caught, shrugged, saying, “let's do it soon, we’ve a lot to catch up on.” Heather payed, then we pushed the cart with our bagged groceries out of the store. I caught the clerk eyeing Heather’s ass knowingly. The clerk was just as fascinated as I was.

"I’m sorry if I embarrassed you, but I got so horny thinking about your cock that I started peeing. I thought my panties would contain things, but I just kept wetting more and more. I’m OK now, but my panties are really saturated. Can we try that hash pipe before we return to the cabin”.

The hash really relaxed us and made the short drive back to the cabin very nice. I couldn’t take my eyes away from the wet patch surrounding Heather’s crotch and she knew from the erection nearly bursting out of my pants, what her peeing herself was doing to me.

I knew there would be more, much more as I watched her wiggle her wet ass up to the door. Heather turned slightly saying, “lets open the Cabernet first”.

