Making Your Thoughts Known

25th August 2017, 05:16 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

JILL SHARES AN INTEREST.

People who have unusual interests, particularly on intimate subjects, have a problem. You may suspect that a girl shares your interest, but you dare not ask her for fear of causing offense if you are wrong, or at the very least having her consider you a VERY strange character.

It used to apply to homosexuals. First it was a criminal offense, then it was made legal between consenting adults but carried an enormous social stigma. It took many years more to reach the rather grudging acceptance we have now, with gay clubs making contact with like-minded people simple.

The same cannot be said of all other special interests. They may be legal or perhaps technically illegal but rarely investigated provided only consenting adults are involved, but the social stigma remains, and makes communication difficult.

As I have remarked elsewhere, few things seem to have more persistence than the social taboos concerning wanting to go to the lavatory, especially a GIRL wanting to go to the lavatory. Considering that everyone in the world has to have a wee, is seems curious that the subject is still considered "Not quite NICE" in polite circles. Quite apart from any obsessive interest, even the normal need has its problems. Most girls visiting a district they were unfamiliar with would have to be in pretty dire straits to stop a passing stranger and ask for directions to the nearest lavatory. In the South of England particularly, to knock on someone's door and ask to go to the lavatory is pretty well unthinkable, though Northeners are a bit more relaxed about it. Down here if a stranger asked to use your lavatory you'd suspect they were out to steal something!

It IS slowly getting more openly mentioned, but for many people the taboos still seem to apply in full force. I've overheard girls chatting to each other along the lines of,

"I was really glad to get home last night, much as I like Bill. I was DYING to have a wee. It's so difficult in a strange district, I mean, even if he MIGHT know where there's a lavatory, you can't tell a BOY you want to have a wee, can you!" In all reason I would have to ask,

"Why not?", but you just don't DO things like that!

It works the other way too, even if the girl is more relaxed about it...

"John HATES me mentioning that I want to go to the lavatory. He gets so embarrassed and huffy about it, says things like, "Well, you're old enough to deal with THOSE sort of things yourself!"

So there it is, a background of social taboo that makes it difficult for you to make your interest known to a girl who might be of the same mind, or vice versa. Any suggestions as to how to approach the matter are bound to be deliberately vague... MOST girls say this... ORDINARILY she would do this... The early probing signals DARE not be so explicit that someone who was not of your persuasion would understand them and think you most peculiar... So, it's the LITTLE things... the SLIGHTLY unusual things that MIGHT mean something, that eventually tempts one of you to say something more open, and risk losing a friend.

So it was with Jill...

We met by chance on a bus route. We regularly caught the same bus to work, soon noticed each other, liked what we saw and started chatting. That soon led to an invitation to a local pub, and an evening of chat and drinks. LONG drinks as it happened, Jill favored bitter shandy by the pint!

The pub lavatories, both Ladies and Gents, were on full view by the bar, and when I went for refills I took my opportunity to have a wee. I noticed that Jill was watching the lavatory door as I came out. She immediately caught my eye and smiled... Could be perfectly innocent, but... Was I imagining things or was there a sort of arch, «I know what you've just been doing» look in that smile? I grinned cheekily and nodded as I came back to our seat. We continued drinking and I tentatively put my arm around Jill. All question of my imagining things vanished as she turned to me and smiled, then said, quietly,

"I want to go to the lavatory too."

...Little things... The word «too» said that she had taken note of the fact that I had just been to the lavatory... She didn't HAVE to mention that... Then again, most girls avoid the actual word "lavatory", preferring to use all sorts of substitutes... "loo", "spend a penny" etc... That vague sense of intimacy as she told me she wanted to go... The simple fact that, with the Ladies lavatory in clear sight, she didn't NEED to say ANYTHING, MOST girls would simply have said,

"Excuse me." and immediately gone to lavatory... Was Jill probing, trying to see how I would react? It sort of left the ball in MY court somehow. Given that a girl they were cuddling had just told them that she wanted to go to the lavatory, MOST men would have immediately removed their arm and said,

"OK then." or maybe made no comment at all.

Hoping I hadn't misread her signals, I didn't take my arm away so she could go and have a wee. I smiled at her instead and cuddled her a bit tighter just to let her know, without exactly saying anything, that I didn't want her to go to the lavatory. She made no objection, snuggled up to me, giggled and said,

«All right then, I suppose I CAN hold myself for the time being.» We carried on drinking and cuddling, Jill gradually wriggling and crossing her legs more and more often... Each time she squirmed uncomfortably and squeezed her legs together I gave her a slightly tighter hug and we exchanged increasingly knowing glances. This went on for nearly an hour, by which time Jill was obviously getting DESPERATE to go and have a wee! When she couldn't hold herself any longer she winced, drew a sharp breath though clenched teeth and said,

"Ooh, I MUST go to the lavatory, I'm really BUSTING to have a wee now. I'm nearly doing it in my knickers!" Not wanting to risk too much too soon I gave her one last lingering hug then took my arm away. Even then she smiled at me and waited a few minutes longer, still wriggling on her seat, before she finally went and had a wee. Nothing more was said that night. I saw her home, she invited me in for coffee and we kissed and cuddled for a while. Neither of us was into one night stands, so I eventually left for home. We both almost knew we were right about each other but... No need to rush and risk spoiling things...

We met on the bus next day and arranged to visit a different pub that evening. We passed a short passage on the way in, Jill obviously noting that the Ladies lavatory was down there, discreetly out of sight and nowhere near the bar, unlike the Gents. Things went much as before, drinking, kissing, cuddling, me making use of the Gents as needed, but Jill didn't go to the much more distant Ladies lavatory, even though it gradually became clear from her movements that she wanted to have a wee. By the time we were ready to leave, she was squirming on her seat and crossing her legs, making it obvious that she wanted to go to the lavatory really badly.

I kept my arm around her as we left. As we passed that passage again on the way out I saw Jill looking down it and felt her pulling us in that direction. I resisted for a moment then followed her lead. We were soon standing outside the Ladies lavatory with my arm still firmly around her. She gave me a questioning look but I made no move to let her go and have a wee. She looked at me and smiled. Fairly sure of my grounds now, I put my other arm around her and held her close. I turned, almost into the door of the lavatory, blocking her from going into it. That was the flash point, the point where we both new we could stop hiding behind vague hints. Jill relaxed, snuggled up to me and said softly,

"You don't want me to go to the lavatory, do you?" There... It was out in the open at last.

"I would rather you didn't. Would you mind?"

«I've drunk three pints over three hours tonight without having a wee. I'm absolutely BUSTING to go to the lavatory. I've already done a few little squirts in my knickers.»

«Did you let a bit go to relieve yourself?»

«No, I just couldn't stop myself from doing it. I can feel a sort of numbness down there, I'm nearly doing it all in my knickers. It's well over a half-hour's walk to my flat. I can't hold myself all that time. The road is brightly lit all the way. There's not even so much as a bush or a side alley on the way, just NOWHERE I can take my knickers down. I'll have to do it all in them out in the street!" Something about the look on her face told me it was OK... I said nothing, just smiled at her and held her tight, giving her no chance to go and have a wee. There was a curious soft, yielding feel about her as she said,

«Would you really like to make me do it all in my knickers?

«It WOULD be exciting.»

She looked at me steadily with a gentle smile and said quietly,

"Alright then." We walked away from that SO inviting Ladies lavatory, Jill desperately wanting to have a wee. I pondered happily on her last comment... No bushes... No side alleys... I was so glad there was nowhere this desperate young girl could take her knickers down. Several times as we walked Jill said, ever more urgently,

«I'm not going to make it. I just did another spurt in my knickers, quite a long one this time it's getting harder to stop it. I can't hold myself much longer.»

We still had about ten minutes walk left to her flat when Jill said stopped and said,

"It's no good, I CAN'T hold myself any longer. It's all squirting out of me now, I can't stop it this time, I'm doing all it in my knickers. Is that OK?" OK?.. What could she do about it anyway!

"Of course!" Jill made no attempt to hide anything. She just stood facing me about three feet away, her legs a little astride. Almost immediately I heard a muffled swishing sound and saw streams of wee running down both her legs. A moment later there was another stream straight from between her legs as well, splashing noisily in a great, steaming puddle on the pavement. Because her legs were open, her wee wasn't touching her skirt. On a sudden inspiration I reached out and pulled her towards me. As I hugged her, it pushed her skirt and my trousers right into her stream of wee. She was a bit startled and said,

"Ooh, I can't stop it NOW. We'll both be soaked through!" I hugged her even closer, feeling her warm wee soaking through my trousers and pants and said,

"Togetherness!" We both got steadily wetter as she relaxed in my arms and just enjoyed the relief. While she was still having a wee she sighed and said,

"Oh I'm SO glad you like it. I LOVE holding myself until I bust and do it all in my knickers. It's lovely standing here in your arms with you letting me wee all over your trousers too."

We arrived at her flat completely soaked. Jill led the way to her bedroom and said,

«We'd better get our wet things off.» I couldn't believe how fast things were moving. Jill certainly didn't strike me as the sort of girl who was up for for casual sex any more than I was. No, there was something special, a sort of instant understanding that just wouldn't happen with most other partners. One thing's for sure, this pretty young girl had deliberately let me put her in a impossible situation where she couldn't stop herself from having a wee in her knickers out in the street, and let me stand there and watch her doing it. I had deliberately made her wee all over my trousers... Once a couple have done all that together, there's not much point in being coy about what each other's private bits and pieces look like!

We were both having a giggle as we took turns undressing each other bit by bit until we were both naked. Jill said,

«I think we need a shower after that!» I winked and said,

«Two for the price of one?... Saves hot water!»

«Exactly my thoughts...»

There wasn't really much thought of saving water that night, we played together in the shower for ages, just like a couple of kids!

Eventually we dried off, Jill put on a nightdress and found a dressing gown for me. She had a couple of cans of beer in the fridge, so we had them as a night cap. We went to the lavatory together, Jill taking care to sit well back and open her legs to give me a good view of the stream of wee squirting out of her. She slipped into bed while I washed my hands. I noticed that the lavatory had the «Proper» lock, i.e. one with a bolt which could be worked with a coin from outside in an emergency. On a sudden inspiration I nipped back downstairs to fetch a coin from my wet trouser pocket, slipped it into the dressing gown pocket and joined Jill in her bedroom. By now of course the possibility of me sleeping in any bed but Jill's for the foreseeable future was purely academic! I slipped the dressing gown off after carefully putting the coin under my pillow.

We cuddled for a while, Jill in her nightdress, me dressed as Nature intended, and gradually dozed off to sleep. Early in the morning I was woken up by Jill turning restlessly from side to side in her sleep. Next time she turned away from me I slipped my arm over her and gently felt around the bottom of her belly... Aah... Just as I thought!.. I lay there like that for a while, enjoying the feel of her full bladder as I gently squeezed it. Mine was just as full so, as she started to turn again, I took the coin from my pillow, slipped quietly out to the lavatory, had a much-needed wee then used the coin to lock the door behind me.

Back in bed Jill was still turning from side to side. As she turned back to me I took her into my arms and held her close. She started to wake up then, and instinctively tried to get out of bed. I held her firmly. That and her pressing need to have a wee woke her a bit more. She started to remember the situation, relaxed in my arms and said,

«Alright then, but it can't be for long.» I could feel her bum quivering as she let me hold her for a few minutes, then she drew a sharp breath and said,

«Ooh, I MUST have a wee.. I think I'd better go to the lavatory now. I let her go and heard her trying to open the lavatory door. Her surprise at finding it locked finally woke her fully. She realized what was going on and must have decided to play along with it. She slid back into bed and said,

«Would you believe it, Just when I really want to go to the lavatory it's engaged!»

«Is it a big problem?»

«Well yes, it is really... I'm DYING to go and have a wee!» I cuddled her and said,

«What are you going to do?»

«What CAN I do?... I'll just HAVE to hold myself until the lavatory is free... It had better be SOON!» For the next hour Jill kept getting out of bed to 'check whether the lavatory was free yet' every few minutes. Needless to say, it wasn't! Finally she came back from one last attempt and said,

«I can't believe this... The lavatory is STILL engaged... I'm absolutely BUSTING to have a wee now. I just don't know what to do... There's no potty... Not even a vase or anything else I could do it in!» The «engaged» lavatory might have been contrived for a game, but by now this lovely young girl's desperate need to use it most certainly was NOT! She said, with mock hesitance,

«Would you think me terribly dirty if I have to have a wee in the bed?... I don't think I can hold myself any longer!»

«Of course not. You've done your best to wait. It's not your fault if the lavatory is engaged and you can't hold yourself.»

«Oh, well... So long as you're sure you won't think I'm dirty.»

«Oh, no... As a matter of fact, I'm the dirty one.»

«Why's that?»

«I WANT you to see you wee in the bed.»

«Do you really? Oh I'm SO glad you don't mind. But it WILL feel a bit strange lying here like this to have a wee.»

«I'd get a better view if you squat astride my legs.»

«That's a good idea. It would feel much more natural for me... Just like going to the lavatory.»

«Exactly. Just squat there and forget about being in bed. Imagine you are on the lavatory and you can have a wee as usual.» In her desperate need to have a wee, Jill needed no further prompting. She came on top of me and squatted across my legs. Ever sensitive, even though she was BUSTING to have a wee, she still tried to hold herself for a few more minutes, letting me enjoy looking at and fondling her soft furry bush and, just under it, those lovely pink lips that girls wee through... The neat pink lips she so desperately NEEDED to have a wee through right now!» A few minutes later she said, urgently,

«Can I have a wee now?»

«Of course. Just let yourself do it all in the bed, just as if you were going to the lavatory.» Jill sighed with relief and let a great, unstoppable stream of wee rush out of her, making a spreading, steaming puddle in the bed, quickly soaking into the mattress. As she finished we were both so excited I slipped into her with hardly any effort and we soon came to a climax together, then dozed off happily in a bed soaked in her wee. Much later we woke up and set a fan heater to dry the bed, then went downstairs for breakfast.

...

Jill was a good cook and we had a hearty breakfast. When all was cleared away we sat together on the sofa, cuddling. Soon she started squirming uncomfortably in my arms. I said,

«You want to go to the lavatory again, don't you.»

«Yes, I'll have to go for a wee soon, I always seem to go a lot in the morning. I'll put it off as long as I can, if you like.» I certainly DID like!

We cuddled a while longer then set about clearing the breakfast stuff and generally doing the routine things every couple have to. We had coffee, with the inevitable result about an hour later. Jill said,

«Can I go to the lavatory now?» We hadn't discussed this, there was no formal agreement that Jill must ask my permission to go to the lavatory, she just always did from then on. Indeed, she went much farther than that and started a ritual which continued for all the time we stayed together...

«What do you want to go to the lavatory for?»

«I want to have a wee.»

«Alright then.»

«Do you want to watch me going to the lavatory?»

«Yes please.» We went to the lavatory together, Jill stood in front of it and said,

«Can I pull my skirt up?» Picking up her cue I said.

«No, not yet.» I kept her standing in front of the lavatory holding herself for about ten minutes then said,

«You can pull your skirt up now.» Jill pulled her skirt up, showing me her knickers, and said,

«Can I take my knickers down?»

«No, not yet.» She carried on holding herself and another ten minutes passed. Jill was beginning to squirm a bit as her need to have a wee got more pressing. When I finally allowed her to take her knickers down she said, urgently,

«Ooh... Can I sit on the lavatory now?»

«No, not yet.» I took the opportunity to look at her pussy for a long time... Full crop of hair, not trimmed at all but somehow naturally neat, not overdone... Beneath it those so private lips... I let my gaze rest on her lips for a while then gently pulled them aside. I could just make out the tiny mound inside, with an almost invisible hole, a bit like the end of a tube. It was indeed the end of a tube, the tube that leads to her bladder... Her very full bladder!

Finally I let her sit on the lavatory. She sat well back with her legs wide open to give me a good view of the wide, powerful stream of wee that had started squirting out of her even before she was quite on the lavatory. It must have gone on for nearly a minute, making a loud splashing noise as it hit the pool in the bottom of the lavatory pan. I love that sound of a girl having a wee when she REALLY needs one!

Later on when we were sitting quietly together Jill said,

«There's something I'd like to talk about.»

«Sure... What is it?»

«It's about you sneaking out of bed this morning and locking the lavatory door.»

«I'm sorry... Did I go too far?»

«Oh, no, I don't mind. I trust you. I know if I had REALLY objected you would have unlocked it.»

«Of course.»

«I wouldn't do that though, it would spoil things.»

«Well, yes, it would rather.» Jill giggled.

«Actually I'm glad you did it, I love acting out fantasy situations like that. I didn't raise the topic to complain, quite the opposite. I just want you to feel free to do things like that... Lock the lavatory without warning, play tricks with my clothes or the lavatory... Anything you like. I LOVE to take the risk of not knowing what you might do next, and I completely trust you. You could even slip something into my food or drink if you like. I know you wouldn't put in anything that would really harm me.»

«No, of course I wouldn't but what are you talking about?... Water pills or something» Jill giggled.

«As a matter of fact we have some handy. My aunt died recently and the people sorting out her stuff asked me to take her pills back to the chemist for disposal. I DID take most of them back, but I kept a jar of water tablets. I've tried them, just out of curiosity.

I can tell you one thing for sure, when those pills make you want to go to the lavatory, boy you GOTTA GO! Ten to fifteen minutes saw me go from just normally wanting to have a wee to absolutely busting. It just SQUIRTED out of me full bore as if I wasn't even TRYING to hold myself. I just couldn't do a thing to stop it. I'd tried to put it off too long and pretty well did the whole lot in my knickers before I could get upstairs to the lavatory.

Jill opened her medicine chest and took out a large jar, must have been fifty to a hundred pills in there. She handed them to me.

«Here, you keep them. They don't notice dissolved in a warm drink, you can slip one into mine without telling me any time you like.» The next few days passed in much the same way. Jill had agreed that she would always ask my permission to go to the lavatory in future and it was understood that I could refuse to let her go, no matter where we were and whether she could hold herself or not. She always let me watch her having a wee and sat with her legs wide open, making no attempt to hide the most intimate details. If I fancied it she would wait for me to pull her skirt up and take her knickers down to go to the lavatory.

Inevitably the 'permission' bit led to her having an enormous wee in her knickers at times. After one of them she giggled and said,

«I suppose that's what the nuclear power station people would call the maximum credible accident!»

«I suppose so, except, of course, you were indoors.»

«Yes, I get plenty of warning, I wouldn't be likely to do it outside Unless...»

«Unless what.» Her voice was trembling as she said quietly,

«Unless you slipped me one of those pills!»

«Oh, I wouldn't do THAT. You're a real sport, Jill, and we've got great things going for us but that would just be taking liberties. It would spoil everything if you knew I'd tricked you into doing it all in your knickers out in the street, on a bus or somewhere.» She came into my arms and I could feel her trembling as she said,

«Unless I told you to do it!» I couldn't believe my ears!

«Would you really WANT me to?»,

«It... It would be... SUCH a dare.» I was beginning to see a deeper side of Jill's makeup... The true gambler... The one whose biggest thrill is to gamble everything they have in the world on a single throw of the dice... And LOSE! Jill knows that once she feels those pills start to work there's no way she's going to win. She hasn't a prayer of finding a lavatory in time...

Jill hesitated nervously for a long time, then said suddenly stopped shaking, relaxed in my arms and said firmly,

«Let's do it... The REAL maximum credible accident. Don't give me any warning... Tell you what, let's not even talk about it any more, just spring it on me right out of the blue... I know the feeling of those pills, it's a bit different from the ordinary feeling of wanting to have a wee. If we were out somewhere and I got that feeling at the bottom of my tummy I'd know you'd slipped me a pill but it would be too late to do anything about it!»

«Are you SURE?» A much shorter hesitation this time, then...

«Yes, let's go for it... Not TOO often though... Give me a few weeks in between...»

As Jill suggested, we never openly mentioned the pills again, just left the possibility lurking

I stayed with Jill for several years, somehow never tiring of the endless round of watching her go to the lavatory or refusing to let her go until she had to have a wee in her knickers, in the bed, in doors, out of doors. Great for us but would make monotonous reading here, just more of the same most days. On several occasions I took her to places where I knew there would be a long queue for the Ladies lavatory. She would suddenly say,

«Ooh, I MUST have a wee. It's coming on FAST HEY, I know this feeling You've slipped me a pill, haven't you!» Her slightly exaggerated horror when she saw the length of the queue was a joy to watch. We made it a rule that she mustn't jump the queue but had no choice but to join it and stay until her wee was running down her legs.

Aah Those were the days!

