Girl on Girl Pissing Adventures Part Two

1st October 2007, 05:20 AM

Author: Jack4611

Location: Missouri, USA (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 283

The two girls stood there in the fitting room fingering each other's wet pussies, but it came to a point that they were making way too much noise. «We are going to have to finish this later-we are being too loud.» Holly said. Leah had a sad look on her face, she was somewhat disappointed; she wanted to finish there. «Oh, okay.» Leah said reluctantly. The two girls left the soaking wet panties there on the ground, put the rest of their clothes on, and exited the fitting room.

One of the store employees saw the two girls coming out of the room together, and said to them «Did you two just come out of there together?» The two nodded and then left, hoping the girl would not notice the panties that they wet while they were in there. They walked calmly out of the store, and then headed straight down to the other end of the mall. «I need a soda.» Leah said. Holly decided to get one as well, she knew that the more liquids she took in, the more she would be able to pee later. They got their drinks and went to sit down. As they sat down, they noticed another girl sitting over to their left. Leah and Holly looked at each other, and without saying a word, they decided to walk over and sit next to the girl. They sat down next to her, and the girl said «Hi.» Leah and Holly both said «Hi.»

«What are you up to?» Leah asked. «Oh, nothing, just killing some time.» The girl said. «Well, do you want to walk around some more or are you waiting here for your boyfriend or someone else?» The girl smiled «Ha! Boyfriend- that's funny.» She said. « I don't have a boy friend, never have, and never want one.» This seemed like it could be to Leah and Holly's advantage in some way or another. «So you don't like guys at all?» Holly asked. The girl shook her head. «Nope, girls only.» She said. Holly and Leah both smiled, and Leah said «That's cool. We are the same way.»

«Really?» The girl asked in disbelief. Without saying anything, Holly and Leah kissed each other right there in front of the girl. «Yep.» They said. «Do you want to hang out with us for a little while?» The girl got up and said «Sure. I'm Mandy by the way.»

«Nice to meet you Mandy. I'm Holly and this is Leah.» Holly said.

As they walked around a little bit, Leah was on the left, Mandy in the middle, and Holly on the right. Both Leah and Holly could not stop thinking about how beautiful their new little friend was. Mandy was about 5'6, about two or three inches taller than the other two, and she blonde hair with a couple of black streaks in the front. Her breasts were nice and round, and her nice tight ass was covered by a small skirt and what looked to be pink underwear, but Holly did not want to make a scene of herself trying to find out what color they really were.

As they walked around the mall, all of a sudden, Mandy stopped in the middle of the hallway, and Holly and Leah stopped as well. Mandy leaned over to Holly and gave her a nice big kiss, right in front of 40 or 50 people. Holly was not expecting this- nor was Leah. Leah stood there watching a girl kiss her girilfriend, and then Mandy turned to Leah and said «Don't worry, I wasn't going to leave you out.» Mandy gave Leah an even longer kiss than Holly had gotten. They continued walking, and then Holly said «Wow, I really have to pee.» Leah agreed, saying «Yeah me too.»

«Well, we just passed the bathrooms.» Mandy said. «HA! Bathrooms. What are those again?» Holly said jokingly. Mandy had a look of confusion on her face. «Oh, I'm sorry. I guess we didn't tell you about that yet.»

«About what?» Mandy asked. «We don't pee in bathrooms- haven't for a long time.»Leah said. «Well where do you do it then?» Mandy asked. «Anywhere we want to. We have pretty much peed everywhere. We just peed in the fitting rooms at Victoria's Secret earlier today-we wet some panties that we didn't even buy. We have peed inside, outside, in trash cans, in bottles, in our back yard at home, pretty much anywhere you can think of. We always pee together too.» Mandy was shocked. She also had a slight interest In pee, but she had never done anything as cool as what Leah and Holly had done. «That's awesome.» Mandy said. Holly reached down for her crotch and began showing signs that she really had to go. «Are we going to pee soon? I really have to go!» she said. «Yeah,yeah, we're going. Where do you want to go?» Leah asked.

«Somewhere close!» Holly said. «Okay. Do you want to come with us? We are just going outside right there.» Leah said. Mandy have never seen another girl piss right in front of her. «Sure I will come with you.» She said. The three walked outside, and Holly took about two steps away from the door, pulled her panties to the side, and let a huge rush of warm yellow piss flow from her cunt. Mandy was so excited to see this- her pussy was soaking wet from seeing another girl pee in front of her. «Ah, so much better.» Holly said as she rubbed her pussy with her finger.

As she was rubbing herself, she would occasionally take her finger and place it in her mouth, tasting a mixture of her pussy juice and piss. Mandy had only seen this once, and that was in a movie. Now it was Leah's turn. Leah squatted down and spread her legs, pulling her panties to the side, so Mandy could see her pussy. It was nice and clean- no hair at all. Mandy watched eagerly as another stream of wet golden liquid came forth from Leah's cunt.

Again, Leah took her hand when she was done and rubbed herself, and then tasted it. «What does that taste like?» Mandy asked out of curiosity. Leah took her hand, and squirted out one more squirt of piss onto her finger, less than an ounce, and then placed her finger in Mandy's face. «Taste it and find out.» Mandy was hesitant at first, but then she took the tip of Leah's finger in her mouth. It tasted great- like nothing that she had ever had before. «What do you think?» Leah asked. «It tastes great!» Mandy said. «I want some more.»

«Do you have to pee right now?» Holly asked. Many nodded her head, and said «Yeah, but I don't want to taste my own pee yet. I want to pee like you two did.» Mandy remarked. Mandy smiled, and then took her skirt, pulled it to the side, exposed her cunt, and then began to pee. Holly and Leah watched eagerly as a thick flow of light yellow liquid flowed out from Mandy's cunt. When Mandy was done, she looked at the two girls again, smiled, and then rubbed her hand all over her pussy, eagerly licking her hand to taste herself. «Wow. That was fun. That was the first time I have ever peed in public!» Mandy said. The three girls smiled, and then Holly asked «Well Mandy, what do you want to do today? Leah and I are going back to our house. You are more than welcome to come- you can either drive there, or you can ride with us and we will bring you back.»

«I'll ride with you if that's okay.» Sure is. Let's go.» Holly said. When they got home, the three girls went right up to Holly's room and all three of them got naked. It was nice for all of them to see each other; Holly and Leah were getting anxious to see the rest of Mandy's body. «Who has to pee?» Leah asked. «I do.» Holly said. «Me too.» Mandy said. Leah laid down on the bed and opened her mouth. «Okay bitches. Pee on me!» Leah said. Holly was the first one to begin hitting Leah with a nice yellow stream. Mandy joined in about ten seconds later- this was the first time that Leah had had two girls pissing on her at the same time. It was so much better than only one. Leah had tasted Holly's piss many times before, and she was easily able to distinguish Mandy's pee from Holly's. When both of the girls were done peeing in Leah's mouth, it was time for them to switch places.

This time, Holly laid down and opened her mouth, and then said «Okay Leah, your turn.» Leah switched places with Holly, and said to Mandy «Do you want to help me pee on her?» Mandy smiled, and said «I sure will.» Holly took Mandy's hands and placed them on her crotch. «Okay- go ahead.» Leah said. Holly began to piss into Leah's open and eager mouth. The warm yellow stream tasted great as it went right to the back of Leah's mouth. Leah swallowed all of her piss, and then said «Wow. That was good.» Mandy still her had her hands on Holly's cunt, and she noticed that there were still some gold drops coming out of Holly's pussy. Mandy, without sayinga word, placed her mouth up to Holly, licking the rest of the drops from her cunt. All three of the girls smiled, and then began to make out.

