The Interview - Introducing Richard and Sophia

29th July 2014, 02:39 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

UK Multi - Millionaire tycoon, Richard Masters was a single 36 year old man and was worth a whopping 167m, his wealth amassed thanks to many investments in the far east, he was just a regular chap, loved his cars, boats and houses but one other thing nobody knew about..Omorashi.

He'd been fascinated by it as a since puberty, Desperation and all that, because he was very wealthy from a young age, he earn't his first million at 19 years old, The Girls he used to date were rich mens daughters, who wouldn't ever partake in some Omorashi, so Richard never plucked the courage to ask about it in any relationship he was in. He was also very conscious what most people would think if he openly admitted he was into Omorashi and Desperation

, he never, despite being one of the richest men in the UK, had the courage to even pay for it.

That all changed one summer morning in August. Richard's company was advertising for general office staff, his PA, Margarat had called in sick and as there was nobody else qualified enough to interview candidates so Richard took the reigns.

The first interviewee was Sophia, she was 23, slim, long brown hair, very pretty, she was wearing a grey suit with a matching pencil skirt and judging by her CV she was more than qualified for the position. As she came in Richard welcomed her in, «Hello Sophia, nice to meet you, I'm Richard, please have a seat»

«Hello Richard, sorry to ask but before we start I wonder..» Richard was quick and had clocked onto quite quickly what Sophia was going to ask for so he abruptly interrupted her «Would you like coffee, Tea or water, Sophia?? He asked.

Sophia had woken up late so had to rush around in the morning and had forgot to nip to the loo, her bladder was making sure she knew about it. Sophia knew any liquid was a bad idea but to be polite asked for a water

«Shall we get down to business then Sophia» smiled Richard, he knew just by looking at her posture that this one was desperate for a wee, all those Omorashi movies he had watched was paying dividends.

Anyway Richard set about asking Sophia, who was sat with her legs firmly crossed in front of him, her vagina pulsing, the standard interview questionsare you a team player etc etc but he was taking his time in doing it, he wanted to spend as much time with this interviewee that he could get away with.

Sophia's answers were good, surprising since she was absolutely desperate to pee now and couldn't really think of anything elseIt came to the point where she just had to interrupt and ask, it was urgent after all «Richard, I'm sorry to break this interview but can I use the toilet please, I'm bursting»

Richard's trouser department soon sprung into action on hearing that news «Sophia, sorry we are nearly finished the interview now, it won't be long»

Sophia nodded and bent forward, Richard looked at the clock, it said 9:20am, he reckoned he could get away with keeping Sophia occupied for 30 more minutes, even though the next interview was at 9:45am, it was an evil plan and one Richard wouldn't dare to do, but he was feeling brave.

By now Sophia was breaking her neck for a piss, she had never needed a wee so badly, she looked hard at Richard, longing him to ask the next question. Then Sophia's body spasmed rocking her entire body but she somehow stayed dry «Ohhhh Please Sir, please I have to go to the toilet now, I'm gonna wet myself» she cried.

Richard almost ejaculated there and then, his testosterone went through the roof, this was easily the most arousing situation for him, he'd ever been in. He suddenly felt bold and brash.

«How bad do you want this position» asked Richard

«A lot» replied a puzzled Sophia, I only asked to go for a wee she thought

«To what lengths would you go to secure this position» asked Richard again

Sophia didn't need this, my god she needed a pee «I don't understand the question sir, sorry» replied Sophie

Richard went for it, it was a massive gamble «Sophia, I can tell here that you are easily qualified and capable of filling this position just by looking at your CV, however for me to offer you the job here today, I'm going to set you a challenge, an endurance test, are you up for that?

«Yes absolutely» said a surprised Sophia «but before I can I really have to nip to the toilet»

«Ah that's the thing Sophia you see, the challenge and endurance task I'm going to set you is..Simply for you to hold your pee until Ten to Ten»

«WHAT» screeched Sophia as she crossed her legs firmly «Are you allowed to do that sir and anyway even if I accepted your sordid challenge, there is no way I can wait until ten to ten, I'm practically weeing myself right now, can please inform me where your toilets are now? Asked Sophie, lifting one knee up to control a pang.

Richard upped the stakes «How about this Sophia, I'll give you 10,000 and the position if you accept my challenge» Sophia looked on, gobsmackedshe couldn't understand why anyone would want to do a challenge like this, Sophia of course had never heard of Omorashi or any kind of watersportsRichard then calmly walked towards the windows and pulled the blinds down «15,000 Sophia if you do the challenge in your bra and panties only» What do you think?

Sophia didn't know whether to laugh or cry, she was standing there in the middle of Richards plush office, her bladder screaming inside her demanding to be released of it's contents and had been offered 15,000 in cash if she can hold her pee for what was now another 17 minutes but on the other hand, she was a well educated girl, brought up in a middle class family, she had never degraded herself before to the level that was being asked of her here, but she needed this job and the 15,000 so she accepted.

Slowly she slipped off her pencil skirt which was restricting her full bladder at bit so she got a little relief when that came off revealing pink cotton panties.

Another benefit of the pencil skirt coming off was that Sophia could now grab her crotch as she couldn't hold herself whilst the skirt was in the way, she then took off her jacket and shirt revealing a lovely pair of boobs in a matching bra to her panties and a very swollen tummy.

Richard looked on in ore of Sophia in her matching pink bra and panties and her overwhelming full bladder, she could have been mistake for being 4 months pregnant it was that large «Right before we start, couple of rules Sophia» Ordered Richard «To claim the 15,000 your panties must be dry, within reason, at ten to ten on the dot. Every 3 minutes, I'll come to you to inspect your panties to see if they are dry, you must have your legs spread apart for this for a minimum of 30 seconds»

Sophia grimaced, it was 9:35 now, so she had to hold for 15 minutes, the water she had drank at the start of the interview was making itself known now, Sophia crossed and recrossed her legs, pee dancing like crazy never removing her hand from her crotch, she was beside herself, she had never held a pee this long before, «That sick bastard» she thought to herself, how can he get off on this?

3 minutes had past and It was time for the first panties inspection, Sophia had to let go of her aching pussy and spread her legs, it was absolute agony for the girl, Richard felt Sophia's pussy and started to rub it, Sophia nearly lost all control right there and then, her instinct was to smash her hand in between her legs to help fight the spasm that had erupted thanks to Richard's special massage but Richards hand was also there and Sophia pushed Richards hand hard into her pussy as well as her own and Richard nearly ejaculated again there and then as he felt a spurt blast into his hand and then Sophia crossed legs trapping it there.

Richard was worried, he was expecting Sophia to scream at him to get away but instead Sophia asked Richard to push harder «You're helping sir, I don't care who or what it takes, my pee cannot come out»

5 minutes had now past and Sophia only had 10 more minutes to wait but those 5 minutes had seemed an eternity as her Bladder throbbed harder and harder each minute, her pee hole quivering under the pressure from above, oh poor Sophia longed to pee, she had been bursting for an hour now. Richard was now massaging Sophia's pussy through her panties constantly.

It was soon time for the inspection again but Richard was having such a good time playing away at Sophia's tortured pussy he said «Fuck the inspection Sophia, I'm not removing myself from here»

Sophia laughed, although the thought of a stranger massaging her pussy through her panties was revolting to her, in this case, morals went out the window but she was too desperate

, Richard felt another jet of pee splash into his hand and very briefly later another jet, Sophia's face was pure anguish as she fought to hold on «I'm losing it, I'm losing it, no no no no» she whaled but it was no good, with 7 minutes left to hold, Sophia's pee muscles finally gave way and hot piss shot out of her slamming into her knickers and flying down her legs, she was still trying to clamp it off but she was too weak, the pee kept coming and coming, Richard looked on in amazement, this was the first pee accident he had witnessed live, he had removed his hands through instinct when Sophia lost control and regretted it immediately, even so he just couldn't control himself and he came there and then in his boxers.

Sophia though had lost the challenge and was crying uncontrollably, she had peed for well over a minute. Not only had she had to strip to her undies in front of a stranger, she had pissed herself for the first time, lost a potential 15,000 and she wasn't going to get the job she applied for.she crumpled to the ground, sobbing, she was totally relieved now of course, the dull pounding In her bladder was no longer there.

Richard walked over to Sophia, erection still in full force, walked past the giant puddle of pee that was now in his office and placed his hand on Sophia's head.He didn't quite know what to say. »Are you OK, Sophia» he asked, Sophia turned her face to look at him but the first thing she saw was his erection bulging in his trousers, she immediately scrambled away from him, she was very distressed «You stay away from me you sicko, I don't care who you are or how rich you maybe» she squeeled «you got off on that didn't you».

»Yes I did, he agreed but guess what? Said Richard

Sophia didn't answer, she was totally disgusted and in full sulk mode now, she stood with her back towards him, with soaked pink panties clinging to her womanhood.

Guess what Sophia? Asked Richard again, gingerly walking towards her

«WHAT then», shouted Sophia, pretending to be interested

«I'm going give you the job and you might as well have the 15 grand as well» Deep down Richard wanted this one, he really liked her.

Sophia turned from a sulk into the happiest person in the building, she started screaming in happeness, She hugged Richard hard and playfully flicked his erection, jumping up and down like a kid in a sweetshop, Richard wrote the cheque out and handed it to Sophia, who just stood there and stared at the numbers on it in disbelief, a couple minutes later as she got changed back into her suit, now without panties .

Of course, she chucked her saturated panties at Richard «There you go Sir, your new wank sock» Both of them fell into deep laughter and as Sophia said her goodbyes and made her way out the office she turned to her new boss and said «Your one weird fella sir, See you Monday» and with a wink she left the office.

Richard was left to reflect on what he had just witnessed, it was possibly the greatest moment of his entire life and yes he did use them soaked pink panties

