The Holiday - Alex and Fi keep going (Ch 17-19)

30th March 2012, 11:12 AM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England, Lyme Regis (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

Chapter 17 - Wednesday 3rd August Second Day

The day dawned with quite welcome rain and a fresher feel, as a depression had swept in overnight, but looked set to clear according to 'the weatherman' by 3.00pm. Breakfast was again a communal affair, but just as we were concluding, we heard Grace call out to Terry, "Come here young man!".

Reluctantly, I thought, Terry, dressed in long-sleeved T-shirt and grey jog pants, made his way over to her. She wore a lovely white top and a smart, quite short, pleated skirt. "You owe me a forfeit for your remark, you know?" Fi nudged my arm, "I told you so, she never forgets!"

I heard our octogenarian demand of Terry, "Lie down on your back - here!" Pointing to the floor in the centre of the hall. Doing so, she stood straddled over his legs and slowly raised her skirt from the waistband. As her pussy was revealed she started to pee, and as she did so she walked slowly towards Terry's head. In a little under twenty seconds he was thoroughly soaked from feet to head! "Roll over!" I heard her say. He complied and she finished by peeing from head to foot.

What happened next was as unexpected as it was applauded. I quite thought Terry might have been angry at his humiliation. Instead he stood up, used a handkerchief to mop the water from his face and eyes, then walked up to the redoubtable woman and, taking her head in his hands, kissed her passionately! "Thank-you", he said, "I've been wondering what you would have in mind. What you have done was exquisite!"

So saying, instead of returning to his room to change, as we all expected, he went back to the table and had more bread and marmalade, whilst her waters evaporated from his clothing. Eventually he did go back to his room, where Jardine caught up with him, and, we learned later, stripped him, bathed him and then gave him a thorough and full blow-job, before drinking a toast to his fortitude! Later Jardine explained to Fi that she adored the nutty flavour of Terry's cum.

###

In the afternoon quantity trials were held. I had noticed that there was significantly less water around during that day, and in fact many people just seemed to be resting. Even Fi had gone to ground. What I had not realised was that most of them were gradually filling their tanks, hoping to be able to release it in one long piss later. When 3.00pm arrived, first Paul and June, then Sylphide, Margaret, Thomasina, both Alison's, Beryl, John, Terry, Jardine, Jill, Fi and finally Nick appeared and went to the outdoor arena.

Angela, Patrick and Sam followed carrying large measuring buckets of clear plastic. Grace, seeing me watching, came over and said, "Come on Alex, and bring your camera. This is a great spectacle if you have never seen it before. And I love it every time I see it. This is an equals game; men and women have no advantage because of their anatomies."

They divided into three groups, the young people, Terry, Jardine, Sylphide, Nick and Alison A made up the first. Fi, Thomasina, Alison J, Jill and Beryl the second, as they were all in their thirties. The older guests made the third; Paul, Margaret, June and John.

Angela took the podium and explained. "Today's performance is about quantity. Purely and simply, how much can you pee in one go. Whether you sit, kneel or stand is up to you. Standing affords us the best view and, in my opinion, you can output more that way, though squatting is a close second and can give a better view to the avid onlooker.

"We always allow the oldest of our groups to go first as nature intervenes even in our enjoyment and we cannot hold as much or for as long as we once could, even with the training we give our bladders. "So will Paul and John, Margaret and June please step forward?"

All four of them stepped up to the line of buckets. It was warm, and only June wore knickers - Margaret had stripped completely. Then they let loose. I had positioned myself where I could film all four. They went on for ages! John was still pissing after the others had finished, though his flow was less.

As the golden waters settled it was obvious that June had won that heat and Angela passed her a bottle of juice. John got a consolation prize as longest pisser - a bottle of flavoured spring water!

After the buckets had been emptied Then Fi, Thomasina, Alison J, Jill and Beryl stepped forward. The outright winner was Thomasina and she was also the longest pisser; she had also beaten June's quantity and moved into first place, though Fi was a creditable runner up.

Finally the youngsters, Terry, Jardine, Sylphide, Nick and Alison A took the stage. Sylphide's contribution was both charming and long; it must have been the training she had received from her family. At the last drop, she and Thomasina had produced exactly the same quantity and so a pee-off was ordered for them at 8.00pm.

So for the next several hours, before supper the two of them were plied with significant quantities of liquids, with Sylphide sticking almost exclusively to water but TW adding in the odd glass of wine. At 7.00pm Thomasina appeared in considerable distress and suddenly had to let out a stream as she was full to overflowing. I happened to be watching her at the time and it was glorious silver stream of what looked like pure water.

An hour later and two buckets were placed out and we gathered round as Thomasina let fly with a long and powerful stream of pale gold but her accidental release earlier meant she could only do just about one litre. Then Sylphide began and we watched as the level in her bucket climbed towards the 2.0 mark. She had won! Sam and Angela presented her with the coveted award - a pale yellow sash overprinted with a water drop graduated with measuring lines. Whoever designed that must have had some fun thinking it up. As the winner Sylphide was given six bottles of Chilean wine for her future enjoyment, some of which set her and her friends up for a relaxed and increasingly damp evening.

###

After that we had supper together and all of us set about drinking, mostly wine, and by 10.30 many of us feeling randy enough for sex. An onlooker, coming in unannounced would have found Paul and June in the orchard, Beryl and John propped up against an outhouse, Terry and Jardine playing very intimate games on a picnic bench and even Nick and Alison A cuddling closely, with his cock probing near to her slit and she panting with desire encouraging him to come in.

The unlinked ones either looked on, or helped one another to come. This was, of course, mostly women helping women, but many understood perfectly what was required to find release. Whilst I watched Alison and Nick, Fi came up behind me and said, "Are you going to fuck me, or just watch everyone else?"

We went through a gap in a hedge, and to our left Paul and June were linked and we could see their rhythmic thrusting. We stopped and June caught sight of the pair of us. "Hello Fi and Alex" she breathed out, "Paul has a wonderful technique". So saying he thrust rapidly in and out and then pulled it out, dropped to his knees, and licked her as a jet of piss poured into his mouth. He swallowed most of it, the stood up again and resumed the union, cumming in a "Yes!" and a few seconds later, she stiffened and arched her back as she came as well.

We left them to subside and turning, I took Fi in my arms and kissed her, then said, "I've got to pee."

"No you don't! You'll play with me first," she commanded. Grabbing me by the arm she led me across the yard to the stables, and then through them to a summerhouse. "It's the Dobbins' place but they know me of old. My husband and I used to fuck here and I want you to do the same. It's necessary for me to lay some of the old ghosts to rest."

So saying she slid her hands onto the waistband of my shorts and deftly pulled them down and then put her fingers inside my pants and played with my dick. Feeling it growing in her hand I wanted her very much. I moved her hand away long enough to take off my underpants and watched as she pushed down her jeans. That was unusual for Fi, she usually wore a short skirt.

Her mound was pulsating with pleasure as she used her muscles and she dropped to her knees, pulling me down with her. Then she pushed me onto the floor whilst my dick stood to attention, and lowered her cave over my shaft and began to work at it. It didn't take long - I hadn't had a good cum in three days and soon she had my spunk pumping into her as she too came with a great flourish.

Then she said "Piss in me please". I didn't think I could, but I relaxed and felt my pee began to fill her mixing the liquids inside and causing her to moan with delight at the fullness of it all. Slipping two fingers into her vagina, she spread them and the liquids escaped into my lap.

Looking round I saw Sylphide and her grandmother looking on. The elder lady said, "I liked that. Well done." And Sylphide said, "Oooooh! That was gooood!" She was apparently quite enlivened by what she had seen and came over and kissed us both. Then hovering beside us she peed out a steady stream, thoroughly wetting our feet and trainers.

Turning we saw Angela also watching our performance. She said, "Bravo Fi and Alex, for having the common-sense to come in here. And well done both of you, for providing such excellent entertainment, whilst obviously fully enjoying yourselves."

"That's a fine instrument you have there", Angela said. "Use it to the full whilst you're here, and come back with Fi at other times too. Out of the party season, we farm and play and write and sing and have sex. You would both be very welcome as friends, not paying guests."

As I pulled on my clothes again, Angela walked up an kissed me, one on each cheek, and then gently stroked my still wet organ. Then she kissed Fi too. "We are enjoying you here together, and we think your new friend has made a great hit with the other ladies Fi. You should watch out otherwise they'll be propositioning him."

"No danger of that, I think", I said, "Fi has given me the best holiday for years, and this party is the icing on the cake. I wouldn't want to jeopardise that! But I needed a piss before what we have just done; now is getting desperate." Angela smiled and said, "Then let it out! So long as we can watch we'll be delighted to have your pee on our ground!" So I did, pouring out an arching stream of gold

, towards my onlookers. Some of them got wet but nobody complained. By then it was getting late and we returned to the area where several people were still cuddling, some leaking and quite few having a 'nightcap' before turning in.

Chapter 18 - Thursday 4th August - Day Off for Sightseeing

The Dobbins' were extremely understanding of people's needs and announced at breakfast that the day would be free to explore the area (or each other if we preferred). We would all convene again for supper at the earlier time of 7.30pm and have some games then. Several people went off-site and many returned later with boxes and bags of new clothes.

Fi and I went out and she took me to the Cadfael exhibition in Shrewsbury, which was not far from where we were staying. We had had a super meal in a pub washed down with cold, clear lager and had spent the last hours out in the countryside. The drinks we had had livened up the hours quite a bit! Fi had an erotic way of almost squatting with her legs spread wide which opened up her lips in a most vibrant way. As she had shaved most of her hair the view was compelling; to see her waters well up and gush out from those contours was overwhelming.

Just after 5.00 Fi said, "We had better get back for the evening's entertainment."

"Doesn't time go fast when you have someone you really love, with you?" I observed. We drove back to The Womb and went straight to the indoor arena, where the plans for a distance pee-off were being worked out.

We prepared by filling up our tanks before the 7.30pm meal. We had cold meats and salads from the farm plus the inevitable juices, lagers etc, followed by coffee, which is such a great diuretic. It wasn't long before we were almost all at bursting point.

At 8.45pm, at the sound of the gong, all who wanted to take part went on stage. Patrick spoke to us and said, "As it is quite warm in here I'm going to ask you all to take off your clothes and perform naked before us.

Thinking about Fi's comments I decided to join in with the others, most of whom were going to have a go. I dropped my shorts - I had picked up Fi's habits - no underpants for me!

Alison A had a beautiful pair of blue lace knickers under a pair of jeans which she deftly removed. Alison J wore a short skirt and white top, both of which she took off with a flourish! Gosh! They had great figures those two. Jill had been wearing a very short skirt but she removed it and her blouse. Nick also slipped out of his clothes, but he was at a disadvantage. His cock were stiffening at the sight of all those beautiful pussies; peeing would not be easy for him. Beryl and John and June and Paul had rung to say they'd be back late as they were going to a show. Fi, Thomasina, Terry and Jardine sat together but did not take part, but I saw Jardine's trousers get very wet soon after and trickles of silver could be seen from time to time as a puddle formed beneath their seats.

Angela got them all to line up, and each had a judge, and the the gong sounded a second time. With my camera and flash I was able to record all of the streams. Jill gave us a good 2.0m or maybe a bit more; Alison A did fine at 2.75 metres, but the other Alison by leaning back from a squat, and pulling up on her clit, went over the 4m mark. Fi, by sheer muscle-power shot her load out to 2.0m and Nick tried his best but could only reach under 1.8m and Terry managed a creditable 2.2m.

So it was the lovely Alison J who made the mark at that party, winning the sash, the crown, and a lot of bladder-filling, inhibition-relaxing, Chilean wine.

The evening concluded with more dancing, wetting and general sex amongst the bushes and glades of the park.

Chapter 19 - Friday 5th August

During breakfast Sam told everyone that any members of the Dobbins' staff who wanted to, would be joining us for the last parade and party that night. The same rules would apply to them as to paying guests. They would appear in tight garments, and they would even now be drinking to begin the filling up process. They had of course seen much of these games before, and a pretty young woman called Michelle and her cousin Rupert - 26 and 28 - were two of those who Fi and I met in the afternoon, along with Harry and Reg, probably in their forties, who helped on the land, but who were dead keen on the parties.

From about 10.00am till lunch at 12.30, the visitors roamed the farm, doubtless contributing to it from time to time. Some of us spent time getting to know the staff who were joining us, and deciding what to wear. Many of the clothes purchased during the week were things like blue or red tights for the girls, grey and buff trousers or shorts for the men. And, as we discovered later, some decidedly excellent underwear which would hold quite a lot of water!

In the course of the afternoon we also played the blindfold game. Just like Fi had said, we took it in turns to be blindfolded, and then someone would pee on us. We could choose whether it was just our hands, or whether we wanted to be much wetter. It was a real test of observation, too, to try to recall who you had seen drinking what. One of the things about it was you couldn't, usually, tell if you were receiving a man or a woman's piss. Sometimes the angle it hit you was a clue, but with so many women there, it wasn't easy.

Fi, I noticed, and the others who had done this before, were darned good at it - though all of them worked their way through several pints of beer, cider, lager or even plain water, in the course of the game. I got every one wrong and so much flavoured water came my way that in the end my pee was just clear. I could have offered my services to the water-authority without need of filtration!

I got a taste of Fi's, Sylphide's, John's, Michelle's and Alison J's pee. Of all those, I reckoned Michelle's best. A liquid compote of raspberry, apple and white wine, with just a hint of kiwi. If you'd bought it with ice and lemon, you'd have never guessed it came straight from the loins of a beautiful woman.

By the time we had a light tea at around 4.00pm, the ground around the tea urns and tables was quite wet. "Alex", Fi interrupted my thoughts. "The Dobbins' have asked us to stay on till late Saturday with them but without everyone else."

"Won't they have to work in the afternoon, cleaning up?", I asked. "Well, not much", she answered. "A lot will get done in the morning by the grounds and house staff, whilst the guests are having breakfast, and everyone will be gone by 1.00pm."

"Well", I replied, "I'm sitting here just imagining what it would be like without lots of others around, and you are offering me the chance to find out. I'd be a fool not to agree - and anyway, it looks like I'll be living with you permanently, so we might as well do as much as we can together."

"Oh! Alex! That's great! I have often wanted to spend more time with the four of them. Thank you so much.»

At 6.00 most people were missing; by 6.45 we were beginning to gather for the evening meal, which was a curry washed down with lots of water, wines and juices. The pee-parade was scheduled for 8.00pm till midnight, which I thought was a bit early. But when I saw that all of us were playing it for all it was worth, I changed my mind.

Grace was wearing light blue top, tights and another of those short skirts, this one in red. Her daughter-in-law, Margaret was in shimmering pale, tight, trousers and June had on a captivating very short green dress. When she bent or squatted, everything would be revealed. Sylphide appeared in a low-cut short white top which showed off her tight young breasts to perfection and which stopped before her waist top and buff trousers.

Michelle had on a boiler-suit in pale pink, which I later realised had panels which could be opened for pissing and sex. Her cousin wore a polo top and tight shorts and the bulge between his legs was very encouraging, especially to Michelle. Harry and his compatriot both had light grey trousers and polo shirts. Obviously they had done this before!

Terry, John and Paul were wearing jog-pants in various light shades, and I wore a pair of stone-washed jeans, whilst Nick had a blue pair of those tight lycra three-quarter length cyclists' shorts on. He had the best lot of tackle I'd seen for a long time, and was evidently keen to allow his manhood to be seen through. The W's were in identical clothes of a light green top and pale green shorts having arranged this during the day. The other women were dressed mostly in skirts and tops with no knickers or bras, most did not have tights and were already quite prepared to show off their delightful anatomies!

This may be continued!

