Fun after work (part 1)

4th March 2013, 04:39 PM

Author: lickitup

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 91

Fun after work. (part 1)

This is a fantasy story that I've had in my head for a while now, so I though I'd share it and see if it turns you on them same way it has been doing for me.

So we had just finished the largest pitch our company had ever given. There were 3 of us at the pitch, Dave who is the manager, Claire who did most of the talking, and myself who did all the numbers. The pitch had gone better than we expected and we were expecting a big order. It was a nice warm evening so we decided to have a drink at our hotel before we went out for the evenings entertainment. As we were walking back to the hotel, Dave had to take a call on his phone. He said that he had to attend to some important emails, so he was going to go to his room, and would catch up with us later. So Claire and me headed off to the hotel bar for a drink.

There was no room outside as it was such a nice evening so we ended up having to sit indoors. I went to the bar and got us a couple bottle beers while Claire wet to get a seat. Now I have to say that Claire was looking very attractive today. I mean she is a good looking lady anyway, but today she had got dressed up to try and win the pitch. She was about 5' 6'' tall, long straight sleek dark hair and had a very nice tan. She was wearing a black skirt that was just above the knee, light coloured tights, black heals, and a tight fitting shirt. It was the type of shirt that pulled tight over her ample breasts, and gaped open slightly so if you were in the right position, you would get a very nice glimpse of white lacy bra. While we were in the pitch I was sat in such a place and I kept seeing her bra, and I have to admit, it gave me the horn. I though she caught me looking once, but she just carried on with the pitch.

I came over with the beers, and sat down opposite her. The chairs that she had chosen were quite low comfy leather couches, so this had the effect of pushing her knees up a bit. She was sat there with her legs crossed and her skirt had risen up a bit, so was treated to a nice view of her shapely legs. We made with small talk about the pitch as the beer went down. When we had finished the beer, Claire asked me if we should have another? I naturally said yes. «I'll go and get them» Claire said.

As she stood up, she uncrossed her legs and her legs parted slightly, and I was had a fantastic view up her skirt, then she leaned forward and this time I had a view down her top. Man the view was fantastic. She came back with 2 more beers for us, and sat down again. As she did, she crossed her legs again and gently smoothed her skirt up a little on her legs, to show a bit more leg. It could have been my imagination but she seemed to be drinking her beer a little seductively, and was trying not let my tongue hang out too much. We were chatting about all sorts of stuff now, and the conversation was going nicely. I noticed after a while that her feet and legs were bobbing a bit.

«Are you OK?» I asked.

«Yeah, fine. I need to go to the loo I think. This beer seems to be going straight through me.» Claire said.

«Well go if you need to. I'll keep your seat warm for you.» I replied.

«No it's OK.» she replied. «I'm having a nice chat with you, so I'll wait 'till I go up to get changed for this evening.» So we carried on chatting for a while, and noticed the she was biting her lip a little and bobbing a bit more, so I guessed that she was actually quite desperate to pee now.

We finished our beer, and I asked «Fancy one more before we get changed?».

Claire replied with «well to be honest I need to pee, so shall we go up to our rooms, get changed, then have a drink from the mini bar, then go out?»

«OK. « I said, and we stood up and headed for the lift. I was walking behind Claire and I could see that she was walking a bit faster than normal. My eyes were fixed on her arse, and what an arse it was. I think she must have got on a g-string or nothing at all, as I could not see any knickers line. We got in the lift, and Claire was clearly now in some discomfort. She was pressing her hands into her crouch and was leaning forward a bit.

«Are you sure you're OK?» I asked.

«Yeah, just need to pee quite bad now» she said.

I decided to joke with a little. «Be careful not to pee in your panties» I teased.

«I bet you'd like that wouldn't you», she replied in a flirty style, and looked me straight in the eyes.

I wasn't quite sure which way to play it, was she just joking with me, or was this a come on?

I replied almost as a reflex, «you can't beet a nice pair of damp panties!». Claire giggled and flushed a little red in her cheeks. We said no more and the lift stopped at our floor. We were in rooms next to each other so we headed down the corridor to our rooms. We got to Claire's room first, «Erm, do you want to come in for a drink from the mini bar first?» she asked biting her lip.

«Sure, why not.» I replied. She unlooked the door and went in. I followed. As the door closed, she said, «The mini bar is there, get 2 drinks out while I go and pee».

I felt quite brave now after the previous 2 beers, so I decided to be bold. «Erm hang on a second, I thought you asked for a drink, I can't drink alone. I think you should sit down and drink with me».

She bit her lip again, closed the bathroom door, and came and sat down. She crossed her legs again, and brushed her skirt up again but a little hight than before. «Well just one,» she said, «As I really do need to pee quite bad now.» I went and got 2 beers from the mini bar and passed her one.

She took a few sips and looked over at me while brushing her hair behind her ear, «Erm, you know I caught you looking at my bra earlier in the pitch.»

This time it was my turn to blush a bit. «Sorry about that, couldn't help it.»

«It's OK, I was trying to get you to notice. Did you like what you saw?» Claire said.

«Yeah, it looked a very nice bra, but I only got a glimpse».

«Do you want to see more?» She asked with a cheeky tone in her voice. With that she stood up, and slowly unbuttoned her shirt. Claire slowly opened her top and I could see her bra. Here breasts looked fantastic. I stood up and went over to her. I couldn't help notice the bulge in her tight skirt of her full bladder. I put my hand up and stroked her breasts, She moaned as I did. I put my hands behind her and UN-clipped her bra and let it fall down. Her nipples were very erect. I put my hands up and took her nipples between my finger and thumbs and squeezed. Claire moaned again, and put her head back. «God I have to pee so bad, please can I pee now, please», she whispered.

«Not just yet, you have a beer to finish first,» I insisted. I passed her the beer, then slowly moved my hand down her font to the bladder and gently stroked her there. «Arrhhh, not too hard, or I'll pee right here right now» she said. I carried on gently stroking while she drank the beer.

«Good girl, drink it all down now» I taunted.

«So where can I pee when I go?» Claire asked. «Are you going to allow me to take my panties off?»

«No you may not. I want to see you piss in your panties and tights while you stand in front of me»

Claire drained the last few drops of beer, and looked me right in the eyes. «Well if you want to see, me piss in my panties, you had better kneel in front of me then».

I did as she asked. Claire pulled up her shirt right in front of me very slowly. I could now see her matching lacy g-string under her tights. She parted her legs a little, and asked if I was ready.

«You bet I am» I replied. She took a deep breath, and let herself relax. As she did, I heard the familiar hiss sound, followed by a damp patch at the front of her panties, and I saw the streams running down here legs in her tights. Very quickly her gusset became too wet to hold any more and started to leak, and her piss stated to splash on the carpet. I put my hand up to touch her crouch and felt the warm piss soaked into her tights. I cupped my hand under her so that her piss splashed into my hand.

It was so warm. I looked up at her, but she was on another planet with pleasure. I put a bit more pressure on and started to rub my had over her pissing pussy. She began to moan deeply. I could feel her piss coming out all over my hand as I rubbed her. It was very wet and squishy. Before too many seconds had passed she started the throws of orgasm, she was moaning loudly now, so I pressed harder still and faster. As Claire's piss subsided, she started to cum. She put her hand over mine and forced it hard onto her wet pussy, and then she started to scream to orgasm.

«Oh Fuck yes, make me cum» she shouted. I had no option but to oblige. I pressed on hard and rubbed my hand as fast as I could over her piss wet panties and tights.

«Oh yes» she cried as she came over my hand. She held my hand there for a few seconds, then pulled my up to a standing position, and she knelt down in front of me. Claire undid my zipper, and reached inside for my hard cock. She pulled it out and immediately started sucking and stroking it like there was no tomorrow. It only took a few minutes and I was at the point of orgasm. She pulled my cock out of her mouth, and wanked it hard till I came over her face and breasts. She looked so sexy there knelt in front of me with piss wet panties and tights, and my fresh cum all over her.

When I had finished ejaculating she put my cock back in her mouth and licked the tip to make sure that all the cum was gone. The she looked up at me with her large brown eyes and said, «piss all over please, soak me, I want to feel you piss all over me». Well I would hate to leave a lady wanting, so I relaxed and out came the piss from my cock. The fist bit went into her mouth, then I aimed my stream down over her breasts. As I did so, I saw that she swallowed the piss in her mouth, and licked her lips. I stopped my flow, and aimed back at her mouth again. I let another mouth full go, and stopped again.

Claire closed her mouth , and swallowed again. «uumm, yummy» she said licking her lips again. I aimed my cock down at her lap and let another flow go to soak her bunched up skirt and soaked panties and tights. Then I moved my cock up to her mouth again and gave her another mouth full. Claire swallowed again. I was in full flow now, so all I could do now was to piss all over her and soak her as she wanted. She looked a picture with piss soaked breasts, and piss soaked panties and tights. Soon my flow subsided, and Claire stood up in front of my and gave me a full on mouth kiss so that I could taste my piss in her mouth. She pulled back from me, and said,

«well that was fun, but now I think we need to get showered and dressed ready for this evening».

I agreed, and snook out to my room, and jumped in the shower not quite believing what had just happened. We agreed to meet in 1 hour in the bar again ready to go out.

I'll write about that bit in the next story.

