Donna, Kirsty and Claire's big night out (public peeing)

20th September 2010, 05:05 PM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

This story is designed for those mainly into realistc public pissing. There seems to be a lack of this sort of stuff story-wise so I thought I'd write one. Any feedback at all, good or bad will be appreciated and likely to lead to a sequel.

I know it's a long one but I hope people enjoy it.

Donna, Kirsty and Claire's big night out

Donna, Claire and Kirsty stepped out of the club into the cold night air. They'd all had a really enjoyable night out and were now faced with the journey home. Claire, the youngest of the three, felt a bit more drunk than she was usually comfortable with. Despite this, she was really glad that the girls she worked with had been nice enough to invite her for a night out, even though she was the "new girl" in the office. She had been eager to keep up with the others drinks-wise, and had partied as hard as anyone - the way the pavement was moving about before Claire's very eyes were testament to this.

All three looked stunning walking down the road. Claire and Kirsty both wore skin tight jeans and classy, silky tops which showed a lot of shoulder, but no midriff - they were classy girls after all! Donna was thirty five making her more than ten years older than the other two. She hadn't wanted to match the outfits of her younger colleagues, so had selected a beautiful, velvety red dress which excellently complimented her blonde hair and slightly fuller (but just as feminine and attractive) figure. Claire and Kirsty both had dark brown hair and all three girls wore high heels which clip clopped as they marched down the road giggling and joking with each other. As their walk continued, Claire became a bit withdrawn from the conversation.

The night air was cold and damp. Five more minutes walking passed and Claire thought she'd just come out with it, "Sorry to be annoying guys, but I REALLY need a wee". Donna and Kirsty chuckled at Claire's shyness, and Donna said "Don't worry my Love, we know a really good place just round the corner, I need to go quite badly as well 'cos there was no way i was going to queue up in that place - we'd have missed the last train!". "We know what it's like when the cold air hits you" said Kirsty.

As they rounded the corner Donna and Kirsty made a bee-line for the entrance to an underground multi-storey car park. Claire felt a twinge in her bladder and thought to herself 'What a stroke of luck, i had no idea there'd be a loo in there'. As the three girls carefully walked down the ramp into the car park, the sound their of their high heels and the occasional giggle ehoed through the area. Claire noticed a sign on the wall saying "CCTV 24 HOUR SURVEILLANCE" she also noticed something else - Kirsty, was slowly undoing her belt as they walked through the largely empty, echoey car park.

SURELY NOT, thought Claire, as her drunk brain put two and two together. 'They're not expecting me to just piss behind a car are they?' - She pondered further as they walked along and re-assured herself - Kirsty wouldn't do that would she? She's always so prim and proper and immaculately dressed at work, her boyfriend is a stock market trader, she's not the type of woman who'll just squat down and piss outside - no way! And Donna, she's married with kids, not to mention she's my boss and very respectable there's no way she'd take her staff to have a wee in a bloody car park! Surely not...

Claire was still pondering these thoughts when they stopped by a row of vehicles next to a wall. Donna was rifling through her handbag and said "Go ahead girls, I'm just trying to find a tissue, I know I put a small pack in here earlier". "We're not going to wee here are we?" asked Claire, already very disappointed and already knowing the answer, "When you said you knew a 'really good place', I thought you meant a proper loo". Donna and Kirsty giggled and looked at Claire in a patronising way she didn't much like, "There are none open at this time of night Claire, it's gone two in the morning my Love", "But there's CCTV over there, it says so" protested Claire, "You don't want some dirty old man seeing your bits do you?".

"CCTV my arse!" said Donna "No one's watching it anyway, and even if they are it can't see through cars, we'd be long gone if anyone came down". Being careful not to appear judgmental (even though she was) Claire casually said she didn't need to go that badly anymore and could wait til they were on the train, she really hated weeing outside as whenever she'd tried it in the countryside she'd always ended up with more on her jeans and shoes than on the ground! "Suit yourself, but I'm absolutely busting for a wee and i'm gonna go HERE" said Kirsty, nonchalantly, as she got into a corner behind a 4x4 and started to un-button her skin-tight dark blue jeans.

"Look Claire, I'm going here too, so if you need a wee have a bloody wee, if not - keep a look out" said Donna, her eyes furtively darting from left to right, "Every girl has to do this from time to time, just no one talks about it and on that point, don't mention this at work whatever you do". With this Donna gave Claire a warm smile and squatted down very quickly, re-arraging her dress and hitching it out of the way. Conversely, Kirsty lowered herself slowly and carefully. She pulled down her jeans, only when she was already halfway squatted and slowly moved them and her black thong down her slender creamy thighs exposing her tender, pert buttocks to the cold night air, all the while being careful not to reveal too much.

Donna skillfully reached down and pulled her lacey, red thong to one side. She always wondered why, despite having pee'd outside on so many occasions, she always felt a little bit nervous and however badly she needed to go, she always had a couple of seconds pass before she could tell her body to let go of her aching bladder. Still, those seconds passed and then a warm, tiny trickle sneaked out and ran down Donna's buttock, dripping onto the concrete floor.

Half a second later it became a fast, powerful gush. As she forcefully sprayed the floor, it sounded as if someone had turned a tap on six inches from the ground. Donna looked to her right and saw that Kirsty had only just started, Donna could not help noticing Kirsty had a full Hollywood wax and was producing a much thinner (but no less powerful) stream than her. Kirsty and Donna smiled at each other as they watched Kirsty's stream shoot forwards to form a puddle by the 4x4's tyre. As she kept peeing a trail came off her puddle and linked it up with the big puddle Donna was busy making.

Donna's high-heeled shoes got sprayed a little bit and at one point she was sure her ankle had got wet. However, right now she did not care about anything but the relief and the lovely warm sensation she felt around her clit and labia. She was urinating on the floor in a public place and it felt GOOD. The fact that she had two younger women with her had made her feel it was okay.

Claire looked on aghast. While this was going on, she could not believe what a surreal situation she'd found herself in. It was night time, she was in a place she had no busines being in and was watching her boss and her colleague peeing on the floor in front of her. She needed to piss quite badly but there was no way she wanted to do it here - it was just so undignified - she had just caught a glimpse of her boss's pubic triangle and THAT was an image she did not want cluttering up her mind. Claire knew that very drunk women of a certain class did pee outside on occasion, her boyfriend was a policeman and had said "These pissed up bints who just drop their pants and piss anywhere are complete scum, see it all the time these days, they must have no respect for themselves".

At the time Claire had agreed. She found it extremely vulgar the way in which when Donna and Kirsty started peeing full force they almost simultaneously let out a little gasp of relief, a little "Aaah" to express how good it felt to let go. As her two colleaugues were peeing away on the ground Claire became quite disgusted as her boyfriend's harsh words echoed round her mind and an unmistakabley strong smell of piss emanated up from the puddles being created by her new friends. Claire had always blamed men when carparks stank of piss but was starting to think differently...

Donna snapped her knickers back into place and wiped some stray pee off her shoes with a tissue, discarding it behind her. She stumbled a bit getting up and left some pee footprints behind her as she walked away feeling a whole lot better. Kirsty was still finishing up, she had a faraway look in her sparkly blue eyes as the last bit dribbled out, she then shook her pert white bum for a moment before springing back up and pulling up her jeans and black thong in one swift movement.

Donna, Kirsty and Claire walked away from the scene of their crime, pausing only a moment to look back at their work and giggle. Their combined puddle had cascaded a long way down the car park and soaked the area beside and underneath the 4x4. "Oh well, people who drive those are wankers anyway!" joked Kirsty. "I feel a lot better after that" said Donna "you sure you can wait till the train Claire, it's about fifteen minutes away Love", "Oh yeah, I'll just hang on til then" replied Claire, feeling determined but actually quite unsure...

