Lords of the Infinite Sea  Chapter 5: The Messenger

19th August 2013, 12:15 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

If you've received the impression from previous chapters that Kala's answer to every problem (and, sometimes, the lack of a problem) is to fuck somebody, there is little in this final chapter to change your mind. Not sure if that's a good or a bad thing. I almost hesitated to write this because it's over, now; but, of course, that's silly. Enjoy.

Previous chapters:

1. The Gathering

2. Children's Day

3. An Unexpected Friend

4. Holiday

###

Kala walked down the narrow stairway that connected High Bersham Street directly to River Road, ancient stone smooth under her feet. The stone walls of the houses on either side, close enough to touch both sides at once without even fully extending her arms, created the impression of an underground tunnel, save for the winding strip of dusk-blue sky visible overhead, in which the first few stars were beginning to appear. She was tired from a day of working on the gardens of Master Hiram's clients, but her task now was important to her, and promised not to be unpleasant, either. The city noise, never altogether quiet, hummed in the background; but nobody else was using the stair just now, and, for a moment, she could imagine herself quite alone.

She smiled as she thought of her victory -- mostly hers -- still fresh in her mind. Her subversion of Colonel Tabermann had left the army in disarray. Less than half of the soldiers remained loyal to the Emperor, and those were reluctant to attack their comrades, despite that the latter were mostly naked and otherwise occupied. When it became apparent that this state of affairs would not be resolved on its own, a messenger appeared at South Market Square inviting "the leaders of the resistance to address His Excellency's privy council on the subject of their supposed grievances."

"Which of you speaks for the slaves?" a gentleman demanded as Kala, Temas, Rendolph and Elia entered the council chamber in the palace. The eleven gentlemen -- not only clothed but expensively clothed, as though they sought to intimidate the naked slaves by their dress alone -- sat on three sides of a long table so that all could face the four slaves as they entered; for the purpose, as best she could tell, of glaring at them in an aggrieved fashion. The speaker, grey-haired with long sideburns, a smooth chin and bushy eyebrows, sat in the middle of the far side of the table.

Kala hesitated, as she had done a number of times on the way here, nervous that she might fail even at this late date. She wished she had taken the opportunity to pee before entering the building. But still, she stepped forward and said, as calmly and clearly as she could, "I'm Kala. I am the leader." The smiles on the councillors' faces as they looked at her worried her, even as she told herself that it was good they should underestimate her. She stepped forward and sat in the empty chair opposite the man who had spoken for the council, her friends taking up positions at her sides.

Kala paused at the base of the stairway as an ox-wain full of whiskey barrels passed, then slipped in among the sailors and dock-workers and slaves who crowded the river-front. A large man, naked in the cooling air of evening, appeared to recognize her; for he paused and nodded his head respectfully to her before continuing in his task of carrying a wooden crate toward the gang-plank of a large ship. Kala had never seen him before, and it was always disconcerting when this occurred, but after her humiliation of Councilman Penning, sketches of her face had appeared in news-sheets and less likely places, and this recognition by strangers appeared something she would have to get used to. They were usually respectful.

"Titles of address generally reserved for freemen?" Kala repeated in disbelief. It had taken well over two hours to get anything like an offer out of the councillors; one thing all of them were good at, it appeared, was talking for long periods without actually making any sort of point. Kala had begun to seriously consider asking for a break so that she could find a place to pee.

"It means that you could require your master to address you as Miss Kala," Head Councillor Penning explained slowly, as though addressing a child. "You'd like that, wouldn't you, missy?"

"I know what it means." Kala stared at him as though he were a lunatic. "I explained to you in what poor fashion slaves are treated, and your suggested solution is that the master be required to call me Miss Kala while he beats me until I'm crippled?" She stood, and forced herself to act calmly, although standing had made her need to pee worse to the extent that she was forced to squeeze her legs together to keep it in. She hoped it went unnoticed. "This was a complete waste of time. Perhaps we'll come back if you want to seriously consider our grievances. Until then, goodbye." She turned. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Elia give her a startled look before rising to follow her. The two men on her side of the table still seemed surprised by the sudden change of plan and unsure what to do.

Now, Kala glanced up and down River Road before stopping a passing slave with a touch on his arm. "Do you know where I can find the Southern Monkey?" she asked him.

He looked her up and down, and grinned. "Kala, right?" She forced herself to smile rather than grimace at this familiarity. "Sure. Walk down to the bend in the river there, and it's the fifth ship on past it."

"Thank you," said Kala, and hurried on.

"You silly bitch, you can't seriously expect to be treated like normal people," Penning had called after her. The other councillors had begun to talk among themselves. Several were pushing their chairs back and leaving the room. But the head councillor had kept his place, and at this insult, Kala turned and walked back toward him. He grinned, as though sure he'd won -- though his expression changed to one of puzzlement when Kala climbed onto the table in front of him. She stood looking down at him for a moment, then relaxed and let go of her pee.

For a moment Councillor Penning seemed paralyzed with shock, and in that moment the stream of pee emanating from Kala's vagina, originally a trickle falling straight down to land on the table between her feet, strengthened enough to run up the breast of the councillor's fine brocade jacket and soak his face. The councillor choked and pushed his chair back abruptly, pee dribbling from his eyebrows and down his face, and rammed into the ornate column directly behind him, cracking the back of his chair against it.

"Yes," said Kala, still peeing calmly off the edge of the table, "I did expect that. And you've just bargained for another few days without slaves." She finished peeing, shook her hips to dislodge a few drops from her vagina, and calmly walked out of the room.

Her friends quickly caught up with her. "Oh, Gods, he'll be angry, now," Elia giggled.

Temas was less congratulatory. "I hope they'll still listen to us," he worried.

But, that evening when a messenger again came to South Market Square, it was to offer a proclamation signed by ten of the councillors to the effect that, if the slaves would return to work in time for tomorrow morning, a new law would be passed prohibiting the physical punishment of slaves by their masters. Councillor Penning's name was not on it.

Kala had ultimately found the Southern Monkey, which had a picture of a monkey wearing slave chains below the name on the side, and waited beside its gangplank for several minutes before a young sailor with a sparse, red beard walked toward her. He was tall and fit in a manner that made Kala's vagina water. She touched his arm as he passed her. "The Southern Monkey?" she asked him.

"Aye, I've a berth there," he admitted easily, pausing to talk to her. "Why do you ask?" He looked her up and down, and a bulge appeared in his cotton trousers.

Kala reached out and touched that bulge with her hand; it jerked beneath her touch. "That's why," she responded. "What do you say?"

He hesitated for a moment. "We sail with the tide. I don't know --" he broke off as the ship's bell rang out twice, then grinned. "There's time if we do it quickly." He allowed Kala to lead him off toward a nearby warehouse. It was a place she'd met Temas a few night ago, and she was sure it would be deserted and that the pile of used rags on which they had coupled was still there. That evening, as usual, they had lain together afterward, enjoying each other's closeness. She'd told him of a man she'd passed the day before, a street-preacher of sorts, who claimed to know the gods' will and their hatred of man.

"I've seen men like that," Temas said. "I think they're mad."

"Yes, but this one talked about me -- about us. Obliquely, at least. He said that stopping masters from beating slaves was the beginning of -- how did he say it -- 'the decline of the noble institution of slavery!'" She imitated the man's self-important cadence and giggled, snuggling against his side, spreading their mingled fluids along his hip. "Do you think he's right? Did we actually destroy slavery?"

Temas hesitated. "I hope not," he said, finally.

"What?"

"I don't like it, but think what would happen back home if we did destroy slavery." He still talked of the village as though it were his home. "If the sea lords can't sell the children, they won't come every year, and then..."

"And then there are too may mouths to feed, and everyone starves to death." She finished his sentence for him. "We might already have killed them!"

"It'll take a while before it comes to that, if it does," he reassured her. "Let's not get ahead of ourselves. Besides, when I said that about getting everyone to stop work, I didn't think you could actually do it. Maybe you'll find a way around this, too."

She wasn't sure what that would be as she led the sailor from the slave ship into the empty warehouse. And sometimes she wondered if she oughtn't to have demanded more concessions before returning the slaves to work. Like the right to refuse to fornicate with one's master, something that wouldn't have occurred to her until she got the story of George Farthon's penis out of Elia. Still, at least Elia was now pleased by her master's attentions, thanks to their ruse. Kala liked to think herself largely responsible for that, although in fact they'd come up with the idea together and Elia had necessarily been the one to carry it out.

One evening a few weeks ago, George Farthon and his wife had been talking in their sitting room when Elia shyly poked her head in the door. Mistress Violet had been the first of the two to notice her. "What is it, Elia?" she demanded.

Elia hesitated. She'd later tell Kala that she really wanted to hurry up and get it over with, but forced herself to slow down and do it right. "Master George ... Master said to come at this time."

"Oh, did I?" asked Farthon. "And did I say why?"

"Yes ..." She hesitated again.

"And why did your master say to interrupt him with his wife?" Violet Farthon prompted.

Elia cringed. "I'm not to say, Mistress."

"Not to say!" The woman glared at her husband, who looked completely nonplussed, and then at the slave. "What did my husband tell you, you little bitch?"

"He -- he said that -- I'm sorry, Mistress, but you did ask -- he said that after having to talk with that, er, with his wife for a few hours, he'd need a soft, um, vagina to--"

"Well, I never!" said Violet, in such a self-righteous tone that Elia, who knew exactly what Alfred did in her mistress' bedchamber when the master was out, was hard-put not to giggle.

"I never said that!" Farthon asserted, but his wife ignored him entirely.

"Imagine, a man telling his wife that he requires a female slave to help with his business, because 'time is money' and 'the females are so much more fleet of foot' when in fact --"

"I didn't tell her that! The bitch is making it up!"

"-- his wife, who he hasn't lain with in months! No, you'll get rid of her tomorrow! I don't care if you do take a loss! And I'll be watching when she leaves: if she's injured at all, I'll report you to the constable myself under that new law that garden slave got by pissing on the council!"

The following morning, Farthon had sold Elia to a friend of his in the slave trade; who the same afternoon, having slightly exaggerated her abilities with figures, sold her on at a profit to a single oddities dealer named Karl Blaston in need of an accountant. It had taken some time (and some hinting from Elia) before the young man had realized that he could profit from his acquisition in another manner; but, according to Elia, it had been worth the trouble. Blaston's neighbours were beginning to gossip about the familiarity with which he treated his slave. It was enough to make Kala wish Master Hiram were less devoted to Mrs Jessup.

Now, the sea lord -- for Kala knew he would be calling himself that after a few months' voyage -- was enthusiastically unbuttoning his shirt while Kala untied and pulled down his trousers. His penis sprang up, hard and straight, as the waistband released it. Kala pushed him down on his back on the pile of rags and straddled him and hesitated, his penis rubbing against her belly, before raising herself enough to fit the tip of him into her drooling vagina. She moaned as she impaled herself, dropping down until the black fur at her crotch mingled with his own reddish stuff, which tickled her lips, his penis stretching and rubbing all the way into her body. She wanted to move, just to feel his rod caressing inside her vagina, but she forced herself still. She felt his warmth spreading her wonderfully inside, and took a deep breath to clear her head, knowing he wouldn't go anywhere.

"Oh, no! I forgot!" she said, when she trusted herself to speak. She had found that the men of Jurhold were often more receptive to a woman who was a bit stupid; and, whereas she found this more than a little insulting, she took advantage of it whenever possible. "I have to ask you to do something."

"What, now?" he asked, looking up at her incredulously. "You're joking!"

"Never. You'll be going ashore when you get to the slave islands, won't you?"

Now he looked wary. "Yes, but I can't take a message for you. It's not legal."

"Are you sure? It's nothing bad." She deliberately squeezed him with her vagina. "Nothing that will tell the islanders anything important." He didn't answer. "Then I've got to hurry and find someone else before your ship goes. There's not much time." She gathered her legs under herself as though she would stand and walk off, although she wasn't sure she could make herself do it. Her vagina was tingling and drooling all over him, and it was all she could do not to just ran him joyously into herself over and over again until he filled her with his seed.

"Wait!" he stopped her with a hand on her thigh. "Wait, what's the message?"

She allowed herself a smile of triumph, relaxing against him, and told him what he would do. "Now, that's not against the rules, is it?"

"No, I guess not."

"So you'll do it?"

He nodded, and she made him repeat the information until she thought he might remember. Whereat she grinned, leaned forward and kissed him on the nose, before she raised her hips off him and impaled herself again on his penis. Both moaned at the contact of their sensitive parts and Kala shivered as she felt herself nearly climax. Another impalement did it; she felt the little explosion of pleasure inside her, and for a moment, there was nothing but her own vagina shivering against him. He shivered, too, but did not spray his seed in her. In a moment, it was over and she was riding him as fast as he could, the strain on her knees almost unfelt, he raising his hips to force himself as deeply into her as possible whenever she came down, both moaning with pleasure.

"Wait, wait," he gasped when she felt all but ready to climax again. He rolled, forcing the both onto their sides, and then pulled himself out of her long enough to twist around behind her. She realized what he was about and got onto her knees with her bottom raised up, and he again forced himself inside her vagina, his penis now rubbing against the front of her vagina, stimulating parts of it that had been neglected a moment before. She moaned again, and he reached forward and cupped her breasts in his hands as he reamed her from behind like a goat. She pressed her bottom against him and then pulled away as he did, feeling his fingers tickling her nipples as the slipped out of his grasp while his penis polished her insides, including the small, sensitive bump up inside the front of her vagina. And this time, when she climaxed and the world reduced to the pleasure humming through her body, she felt a spray of moisture on her legs, as though she should be peeing from her vagina.

When she began to come down from that climax, she first noticed that the sailor, now breathing raggedly, was still ploughing her as hard as he could, and faster than before. Her own body was already responding to the continuous internal stroking and stretching as she felt the pleasure of it spreading outward from her vagina. And, in another moment, she felt him jerk inside her, his seed spraying against her insides, his body collapsing across her back so that she heard his moans from just above her right ear. This triggered her a third time; she collapsed beneath him, her entire body shivering and humming, her screams unheard and nothing, for the moment, in her mind save the pleasure and the delicious feeling of the fluid spraying out her vagina all over all four of their legs.

Kala came fully to herself to find the sailor wiping their combined fornication-juices off himself with one of the rags. She sat up. "You remember what you promised?" she asked him. He nodded, hurrying to find his shirt. "Say it again."

"I will find a woman named Cat," he recited, buttoning his shirt, "a middle-aged agricultural worker who has lost an heir. I will say to her that I've met Kala and she is well and happy and does God's work as often as she may. Then I'll ask how the, uh, how the third field is doing." He had finished with his shirt and was pulling his trousers over his left foot.

"That's right," Kala approved. "And, believe me, I'll be glad to see you if you come back with an answer to that question." She quickly reached out and ran a hand over the tip of his now-soft penis before it disappeared into his trousers.

He grinned. "Looking forward to it," he said, and walked out of the door, breaking into a run as three bells sounded in the distance, and Kala looked after him wistfully. He was the fifth such sea-lord she had suborned, each on a different ship. Surely one of them must reach the correct island.

