The Secret comes out

6th January 2008, 08:41 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: You can't tie me down! but British (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

Roxanne laughed to Rupert as they lay comfortably in the bed after having had sex.

"I need to pee." She said. They carried on hugging.

Half an hour passed by and Rupert and Roxanne were lying comfortably togethr Rupert stroking Roxanne's hair and shoulders gentley.

"I still need to pee but I'm so cosy here I don't want to leave." Roxanne laughed.

As more time passed they watched TV quietly and hugged. Rupert seemed to have got more cuddley since the last time Roxanne had said she needed to pee. He wrapped his legs around hers forcing one in between her secretly clasped together legs. Roxanne pushed it casually away so that it wasn't too obvious that she needed to pee more than she'd said. Rupert for some reason hadn't taken the hint so Roxanne had no choice but to let the leg between hers.

It was more intimate this way anyway she thought to herself, though she couldn't help but squeeze it in an attempt to keep control of her filling bladder. He wouldn't keep still it seemed. Not only did he want his leg there but he seemed to want to move it around too. Why was he so stupid? Roxanne thought to herself as she tried to keep his leg from wriggling around and therefore gain more control over her bladder. She didn't want to leave his room right now to go down the long winding corridor to the toilet, because then she would have no excuse to stay with it being so late and would have to return home.

Rupert was getting randy again. Roxanne could tell because he was humping her from behind and caressing her body. She could also feel what was probably his penis pushing into her back in it's erect glory. For goodness sake why now? She thought to herself. I'll probably wet myself if I get too excited she thought. She was up for hinting but not for telling Rupert her fetish or proving them, though she was past how desperate she was prepared to get in public now and she was a little aroused by his reactions to her squeezing of his leg even if there was a chance it was just a coinsidence which it most likely was Roxanne was already taking a risk so why not get a more clear answer from it. She thought to herself.

Rupert started to nip her bum really hard, which spread her legs slightly at the top. This caused Roxanne's trousers to catch and dig into her swollen bladder, but she didn't give in she only squirmed some. Then Rupert began to caress her busoms and moved from them gentley down to her belly which he stroked softly. Occassionally he would move further down her belly towards her crotch area which was tightly closed. He pushed and prodded at the bottom of her bladder as he fumbled to find his way down her knickers. Surely he's not this dumb. She thought. He repeated these weird motions several times getting more and more horney and focussing gradually more on pushing around on her lower bladder.

Roxanne could not help but moan and pant as he made her urge to pee so great. By now she was very excited. She feared having an accident and ruining everything but there was also the growing possibility that Rupert knew exactly what he was doing. Eventually he gave up the fumbling and pulled to get into her knickers. Had Roxanne been wrong? She wasn't sure whether to let him in or not.

She reluctantly began to open her legs confused as to whether he really had just been too dumb to know what had been happening. Partly because filled with this much adrenalin she refused to let go of this hope and excitement and partly because she knew that this wondering had became to great to come away without an answer. As he gentley began to rub her clitorus the urge to pee became to great and Roxanne's brain escaped from her irrational passion and lust.

"Stop it!" She gasped. "I really have to pee!" She got up and fumbed to collect her shoes etc. As she kissed Rupert goodbye she mumbled something along the lines of:

"What you were doing may not be as weird as you think you know?"

And with that she made a quick exit from the room.

Damn! She thought. She had to go back for her mobile phone and keys.

She sneaked back in trying not to meet the eyes of Rupert. Why had she been so stupid as to say that? She thought.

"What did you say there?" Rupert asked puzzled.

"Absolutely nothing!" She answered in a pannic.

He didn't seem to buy it.

Roxanne left the room without another word scared that her secret had been let out.

She waddled back to her flat thinking the worst and doubting her earlier instincts.

A few days passed and Rupert and Roxanne were just as normal with each other as if the other night had never happened.

It was a Wednesday evening when Rupert and Roxanne were at Rupert's again relaxing on the bed watching TV. They were talking their usual rubbish and they were both cuddley and close again. Roxanne was trying to stroke Rupert's skin in the way that he did hers when Rupert randomly came out with a strange request:

"Slap my belly."

"What? Why?" Roxanne asked.

"Turns me on." Rupert laughed.

"You're taking the piss." Said Roxanne.

"I'm not." He laughed. "Why don't you do it and find out?"

"Okay." Roxanne smiled. So she did.

"You're having me on funny guy." She laughed.

"I'm not seriously." He smiled sheepishly. She slapped again.

"Feel that bulge in my pants if you don't believe me."

"That's only a semi." Roxanne pointed out in disbelief.

Rupert didn't stop there he had Roxanne rub his belly and push harder and harder and lower and lower. Roxanne was sure she could feel a fairly full bladder as she pushed, but in disbelief she didn't dare feel it as much as she'd like to.

"That's nice." He said. "Can I rub your belly too?"

"Don't see why not."

They sat there in silence again as they slowely got more and more into each other's bladders, all the time wondering whether this was just a coinsidence or if it was what they believed it to be.

"You really do like that don't you?" Roxanne was begginning to believe Rupert's claims.

"Yes." Rupert smiled again.

Roxanne remembered how she had had little sleep the previous night and that she should go to bed soon else she'd probably never get up and do the shopping the next day as planned.

Rupert had promised to come downstairs to her flat and tuck her in in a few minutes.

When Rupert arrived they spent a few minutes lay in Roxanne's bed and hugged eahc other and chatted. Roxanne was sidetracked. She had to know but was still full of fear of being wrong.

"I've been trying to figure out something about you for a while and I think you probably know what it is by now Rupert..." She said. At first Rupert played dumb, but Roxanne was determined to get him to guess and so she pushed him to think hard.

"You have some sort of fantasy or something don't you?" He said.

"Maybe." She wasn't going to come out and say it. "So why have I been trying to find out something about you?" She asked. "You must know."

"You don't want me to pee on you or something like that do you?" He asked.

Roxanne hid her face.

"What?" He asked. She hid some more.

"What?" He repeated.

"Maybe." She paused. The room was so hot right now. "It's ok, I know you aren't really into that sort of stuff" She said. "Are you?"

Silence.

"Are you?!"

More silence.

"An ex girlfriend got me to pee on her once and it's something I'd try again." He said.

"But you're not into it? You don't fantasise about it?"

More silence.

"You did it 'cause she wanted to?"

"I'm an open minded person and you're ace! I'd love to try it with you."

"No it's ok if you're not into it."

More silence. Roxanne burried her head further into the duvet by the wall.

"I don't want anyone doing anything just 'cause I like it. There's no point. I'm weird just forget it." Roxanne turned to Rupert not catching his eye and turned back to the wall upset.

"No!" Rupert objected. "I think it's great. You're such an interesting person and I think it'd be great to try something like this. I wouldn't say it if I didn't truely believe I'd like it. Trust me I'd like it!"

"How do you know? It's not like you've had any weird fantasies is it?"

"How do you know?" He objected. "I have had some in the past yes."

Rupert went quiet.

"What's up?" Roxanne asked.

"You're leaving the city soon it's probably best we don't start anything liked this now."

After some discussion they aggreed. Due to Roxanne's up and coming departure they would keep things unsexual. Rupert went back to his upstairs flat.

Roxanne couldn't sleep. Why wouldn't he want to try anything with her? He obviously was just saying he liked pee stuff to humour her.

10 minutes later there was a knock on the door to her flat. It was Rupert.

"I brought you some cheese for your breakfast." He said.

But they both knew that was just an excuse to see Roxanne and delve more into the secret life of pee...

That story was based on a true story about me. Hope you enjoyed it.

If you did I will find time to continue the story in the future. There are much saucier things to come. That is just the intro. What dya think?

Oh by the way the names are very obviously fictional lol.

And I don't want to put on that red light, lol. a saucy name for a saucy bunch o stories I thought.

Did you enjoy?

