Is this how it happens to YOU, I wonder!

11th October 2012, 07:43 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So here I sit, reading stories on PS, having had a most delightful chat read from a special friend via email, and I am so turned on I can feel the slippery wetness in my sweet little white cotton panties as I squirm in my seat~! I move sideways deliberately so the cotton sticks slightly to the dampness of my core as I move, slippery lips rubbing together, the cotton panties rubbing my engorged clit, as I bite my lip softly, white teeth leaving a red mark on pink lips. My reflection on the monitor of my pc shows a flushed face and glassy glazed eyes that sparkle. I move the screen angle so I can read better and a hand winds down unbidden almost, to rub the prominent mound through the cotton fabric. I feel my own jutting pubis bone, the curls underneath, the softness of the flesh, and breathe in sharply~!

I squirm again and this time I feel the delightful fullness of my bladder too, the pressure is like a warm water bottle pressing on my groin, warming me from the inside out, a slows soft fire building, my breath slightly faster now, my breasts moving as I breathe in and out~! I love this dreamy melty tingly feeling, and am aware of how every sense is heightened, how every movement is sensual, sending tingles and flames licking through my pussy, along my belly, down my thighs~!

My breasts feel full, nipples training against the thin strappy cotton top, hard, throbbing slightly, aching to be sucked and nuzzled and licked. My hand moves up from the warmth and heat of my groin and as it touches an erect rosy nipple, stroking gently through the fabric, I moan out loud, my tongue snaking out to lick my lips and a deep sensuous sigh escapes~! I sloe my eyes and allow myself to just feel for a moment. The sensation of touching my breasts, my very very sensitive nipples is different to when it ouch my slippery clit or slide into my hot wet core. its intense, electric, less like a fiery river, more like static electricity charges, almost painfully pleasant~! My breasts feel full, supple, soft, and I like how they feel as I now cup both my breasts with both my hands, and let my head fall back, my neck and back arched. As I move, I feel wetness escape my heated innerness and seep into the cotton of my panties.

I play with my breasts as I hear the sounds of wetness falling - sound bytes from a clip I was watching and which I looped for a while. I groan again, and pull the top down, exposing large creamy breasts, small reddened rosy nipples, and the feel of my hands on my own skin makes me break out in goosebumps. I bring my fingertips to my mouth and suck slowly, sensuously, making them slippery and wet, and then twisting and playing with my nipple, first one, then the other. I move again, twisting with the movement of my fingers on my plump nipple, and agai9n feel warm delightful slippery fiery hot wetness as my labia slide against each other, and a small drop scalding hotness escapes into the cotton again~! I grin to myself and sigh~!

I open my eyes and force myself to read more, watch more, the fire building and building, the pressure from my bladder heavy and hot and pleasant~! I have an overwhelming desire to let go, and the delicious naughtiness of the thought is like a wave of heat rushing through me in a hot flash, ending with a tingle that is almost a real sound in my mind. I fight the urge but cannot find my hand as it snakes downwards~!

I trace my pouty jutting pussy lips lightly through sheer cotton, my finger automatically drawn to the line between then, the feel of my fingers tracing lightly is nice, pleasant, familiar and sexy. I pushing deeper, the cotton sticking to the wetness of my clit which I can feel through the cotton. My fingers find two little warm wet spots and involuntarily my muscles spasm, tightening on my bladder and shooting prickles of pure pleasure through me and a teeny warm spot - a third - appears under my fingertips~! My hand moves to the band of elastic along my hips, eagerly dives under, and feels soft red curls. I twirl and curl the curls a moment, then moan again, tracing my shadowy cleft, dipping in only slightly~!

My fingers fly up and I find myself tasting soft sweet tangy muskiness before they fly down again, with minds of their own, and this time they slide past the cleft, finding the wetness below and making my thighs quiver and my belly shiver when they touch my clit~! Dark fireworks explode behind my eyelids, and my lips open as I moan silently~! I rub my clit slowly then harder, pressing down a little while it is still hooded, loving the things I am feeling~!

I realise I am past stopping now, and am glad I am in the bathroom. On a thick towel, my laptop propped on the bathroom trolley with hairspray and Veet and toothpaste. I close the lid of my laptop and push the wheeled trolley away, and lean back against the wall. I shrug off the thin strappy top and cast it aside, breasts bobbing as I do so. I leave the cotton boy-cut low leg panties on. I push my hand against my mound, pushing against my hardened clit, and I grind my hand against that little lump as I sit legs straight out, thighs tight together~!

My other hand cups a breast and I hold my breath as excitement courses through me, and I fight all conditioning, and feel a small spurt of warm golden pee escape into the cotton soaking it quickly and wetting my hand. Funny how it is always just that first spurt, isn't it? Then I hold still, heart pounding, pussy clenching, clit throbbing, nipples tingling, belly quivering, as trickles of electricity spread through me, followed by fire hot flashes.

At last I breathe in and slowly out as I feel a huge gush of hot wetness flood my groin, pool against my clenched thighs, gleaming along them almost to the knee. I wait and let it seep and slide down underneath me~! oh god it feels so good I have to moan~! I do not know WHY it feels good, only that it DOES. I stop fighting my weirdness, my fetish, I stop trying to understand WHY it makes me feel so good, and I just go with it, I embrace it~!

A fountain squirt through the cotton and a little ways into the air and I giggle - the giggle bubbles out like the pee does~! But as the pee splashes down and more floods out I sigh and moan as it soaks my thighs, pools underneath me, and pushes against the hands till firmly grinding my clit~! I push again, and again, and again, each time even more delightful~!

A last push empties my bladder and I feel a sense of disappointment, wishing there was more~! Finished, my hand slide below the soppy cotton and I rub harder and harder, moaning loudly, my hips undulating of their own accord~! I bite my lip again, almost painfully this time, I even taste blood but do not care, and I feel my orgasm build and overtake me, my body floating ion sensations as my whole body shakes, my toes curl, my thighs clench and I cum wetly, hard, delightful release~!

Spent I lie back but within moments feel a second less impressive orgasm build and my hand snakes down again and I find myself cumming again~! not as delightfully but still enough to curly my toes~! Now I am finished, breasts heaving with exertion~!

I catch my breath and then sigh as I clean up and head for a hot steamy shower.... you'd be surprised what fun I can have with that detachable shower head... *wink*~!

