Eve meets Lotta at the Rainbow Club!

3rd March 2011, 12:57 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody !

Here comes another story. Fictional this time but as always when I write a fictional story there is a lot of me in it!! I use to pretend that I am one of the persons in it. It's you're guess, which person it is this time If you tell me how you liked my story, it would make me very happy!

***

On her way home by bus from a lecture on Archeology Eve overheard a conversation between two girls sitting in the row in front of her. They were talking about what to do in the evening.

- "Why not go to that club... what is it called...? Yeah, the Rainbow Club?"

- "But, isn't it a gay club?"

- "It is, but lots of straights go there too. They say it's fun! And fine music... What do you say? Should we give it a try?"

- "OK, we can always leave if it isn't any fun..."

Eve pondered on what she'd just heard. Maybe she should try that club... It seemed ages since the last time she went out and had some fun. Eve was twentytwo, a cute but very shy girl. She'd never been very much interested in boys and by now she'd come to the firm conclusion that she was homosexual. She'd had feelings for several girls but her bashfulness had hindered her from trying to contact any of them. Mainly from the reason that she didn't know how to decide whether the other girl was gay too. But maybe a gay club would be the solution of her problem. If there were a lot of other gay girls there, maybe some of them would contact her... Or, if she spotted a nice girl, she would foster enough guts to make an advance herself, knowing that there would be a fair opportunity of the girl being gay.

So, in the evening she entered Rainbow Club with her knees trembling... She was too nervous to notice but she got many appreciative looks from both girls and guys! At home she'd decided that it was neck or nothing... "Dress To Kill" was the legend she adopted for the evening! She went out for a shopping spree and purchased underwear in pale pink; panties, bra and garterbelt with cute lace and pale brown nylon stockings. She fell in love with a pair of the cutiest red shoes with not to high heels that would suit her red skirt just perfect!

Having put on her new underwear she stood gazing at her reflection in the mirror; she didn't believe her eyes! She actually looked sexy! In a way she wouldn't have believed was possible! And when she'd completed with the red skirt, a pale blue short-sleeved blouse and her new red shoes, she looked stunning! Even she had to admit that...

Being the timid girl she was, she looked for somewhere to sit in an out of the way corner and found a small, round table to herself. A waitress appeared and she ordered a Pilsner Urquell and a shot of Absolut Vodka. She felt nervous and tensed up but at the same time very expectant. Her nervousness made her finish the beer and the vodka very quickly and she ordered the same again. Feeling a little more relaxed she looked around. It was very crowded. And so many cute girls! From her place she had a good view over the dance floor. It was nearly crammed. She noticed that there were a lot of girls dancing with an other girl. Some of them were dancing very close...

A woman materialized in front of her: "Shall we?" Took her by her hand and they went up to the dance floor. Eve's heart pounded! Imagine... she was going to dance with a woman!

The woman was a lot older than Eve, maybe ten or fifteen years. She pulled Eve close to her and Eve felt her soft body against her. Oh, it felt so nice, so erotic to dance with an other woman! Her pussy tingled...

The next hours she was asked to dance by several girls, some of her own age and some older... She felt soo good!!

She had some more to drink and became rather tipsy.

A very cute girl came up to her, took her hand and pulled her to the dance floor. As Eve was, she was a bit unsteady on her feet... When they began dancing, it was like they both had found what they were looking for! They wrapped their arms round each other, dancing close, starting to rub their bodies against each other. The girl whispered in Eve's ear that her name was Lotta and Eve told Lotta her name. Lotta took Eve's hand and brought it in between them so that it touched Lotta's breast. And Lotta moved her own hand in under Eve's bra and fondled her nipple! Eve panted! And let her fingers find their way inside Lotta's bra! Her pussy tingled and she rubbed it against Lotta's thigh!

The music stopped and the band announced that they would take a short break. The two girls went hand in hand back to Eve's table and sat down. Sipping at a glass of white wine they got to know each other. Lotta was 23 years old and studied Architecture. She'd known she was gay at least since she was fourteen.

When the band started to play again they went up for another dance. If you could call it to dance! Lotta put both her hands on Eve's bum and began to knead it! Eve reciprocated her treatment... They kissed and their tongues met in an erotic dance! Lotta rode on Eve's thigh and rubbed her pussy against it! She moaned! But then she whispered:

- "Oh, holy shit! I really got to pee! Maybe I should visit the ladie's..."

- "No, not yet", Eve answered. "I don't want to stop dancing now!" She was horny and tipsy and felt like she was in heaven!

They went on dancing. Well... more like making out, really! Then Eve felt her thigh getting warm... and... wet!! At that point she was so very aroused and she thought it felt very nice! Panting she asked:

- "Are you peeing yourself, Lotta?"

- "Eh... ahum... yeah I am! I'm so sorry!"

- "Don't be! I think it feels wonderfully... so... so horny!"

- "It feels... feels horny to pee on you! Hehe... you should try...!"

In the next moment Lotta felt her thigh getting soaked by Eve's pee! Eve was feeling more aroused than she ever been before in her life! She peed and rubbed her pussy against Lotta and felt her doing the same! Suddenly it was like everything exploded around and inside her! Right on the dance floor she came in an incredible orgasm! Luckily the music was high because she moaned and groaned so loudly! Only seconds later Lotta orgasmed! Kissing, caressing each other, peeing, orgasming, panting moaning and whimpering they supported themselves against a pillar so that they won't fall on to the floor!!

They left the club and in a nearby park they lie down on the grass out of the wiew behind some bushes. Under a friendly full moon they kissed and fondled, caressed their breasts and let eager fingers find burning hot and wet pussies! "Our panties have the same colour", Lotta exclaimed delighted!

- "I wanna pee again", whispered Eve. "It felt so horny!"

- "Yeah! Let us!!" And in the next moment they both let go again! Their pee streamed between their caressing fingers and they orgasmed again, crying out so loud that a couple walking on the other side of the bushes stopped and looked around but then decided to continue their walk.

Later Eve and Lotta went to Lotta's place.

I think we'll here more about Eve and Lotta in the future! If you want to...

Your Yvette

