Too Shy To Pee

6th April 2010, 05:16 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I haven't been peeshy around women for a long time now, but this story goes back to the end of my freshman year in college.

I had gone over to this girl's house early one afternoon. We'd been best of friends since junior high, but never boyfriend and girlfriend. I was going to take her sailing, but her college roommate was visiting. Instead, she suggested that I take her friend who was only in town over for a few days. We could always go sailing the following week.

I drove the roommate down to where I kept the boat. We put it in the water, rigged it and headed out the harbor for an afternoon-long sail. It was one of those gorgeous days, blue sky with just a few puffy white clouds, and a gentle but steady breeze that blew in from the ocean. We weren't going to anywhere in a hurry, but that wasn't the purpose of the day. We would just have a leisurely sail, while making small talk and getting to know one another.

Looking back, I don't know if my friend was trying to fix me up or just trying to find one more activity her roommate could enjoy during her visit. My crew, while never having sailed before, was eager to learn and caught on quickly. In a matter of minutes, I had her handling the jib lines while I held the main and tiller.

On the sail out the harbor, I was able to have a better look at my sailing partner. At least average appearance, a little more than medium height and what I thought were full breasts, firm legs and a pleasing butt. Why hadn't I noticed this when I first met her, or on the drive to the boat, I wondered, but I guess I'd been caught up with thinking through the steps needed to get the boat ready to sail. For a few minutes I thought about making a play for her. But the more I dwelled on this, the more I realized it might not be such a good idea.

Since she went to school hundreds of miles from me, we'd likely never see each other again. It was the end of the school year and she wouldn't be my friend's roommate in the fall. Besides, she probably wasn't my type (whatever that was at the time).

The sail out to sea was almost straight into the wind, which meant that we needed to tack many times to get to open water. The breeze was lighter that I had hoped, so we weren't moving through the water as fast as I'd planned. And, the incoming tide slowed our progress even further. All these factors worked together and I hadn't fully calculated how much longer it was taking to sail the course I'd charted.

It was more than two hours before we reached the mark where we'd turn around and head back to the harbor. At least the wind would be at our back and the current would pull us along now. I had figured on being back on shore within three hours and it was going to take everything to work in our favor to come even close to that timetable.

The clouds, which were few and small when we departed, had built up and reduced the heating of the land that caused the sea breeze. While it would normally increase in the afternoon, this time it dropped. I looked at my watch. Twenty to four. In another half-hour the tide would turn, meaning once again the water would work against us.

Then, I recognized another problem. It wasn't one that would delay our return to the dock, at least, but it was the result of us taking so long to get there. The bottle and a half of water I'd drank on the way out was making its way to my bladder. While it wasn't demanding immediate attention, I was beginning to doubt I'd make it back to the dock.

I looked over at my crew. While she'd been most helpful handling the lines when we jibed around the mark, she'd grown less conversant in the last fifteen minutes. I guess so had I. And, I thought I noticed she was sitting uncomfortably on the rail.

I tried everything I knew to get the boat moving faster, gentle hand on the tiller, easing the mainsheet when the wind softened, pulling it in during the puffs and sailing towards the darker patches of water. Maybe, just maybe I could make it.

But, the pressure within me continued to build. We sailed across a rip current where the tide had already changed and the roughness of boat's motion put me over the edge. I had all I could do to keep from leaking and we were still a good forty-five minutes from shore.

What to do? I could probably hold it for the next five minutes, but not a moment after that. In a fifteen-foot boat there's obviously no head (toilet) and really no space to privately pee. I'd thought of just going over the side, but didn't think I could in front of my crew. After all, she was a friend of one of my best friends. At the age of eighteen I was still a little shy around girls. Or, at least, a little pee shy.

Now, there was a bucket in the boat for bailing larger amounts of water out of it and a smaller bailer to empty the bilges. On the ruse of going forward to adjust the downhaul, I grabbed them both and took them aft to where I held the helm.

I went back to my steering and trimming the main for a couple minutes. Then, I shot a quick glance at my crew and shouted "Water fight!" and, after dipping the bailer in the water, I tossed a good quart in her direction. She responded immediately, grabbing the bucket. I played along, making a half-hearted attempt to grab it away from her, then went back to my attack with the bailer. I probably got two or three more quick shots at her, before she unloaded a bucketful at me. I got drenched from my shoulders to my feet, and then, pretending to be upset with her, threw a few more loads her way.

She then pours another two gallons on me and, when I am thoroughly wet from the outside, I start to wet from the inside. I'm pretty sure she peed then and there, too, because I thought I caught a wicked look in her eye.

