Girl On Girl Pissing Adventures (Part 1)

25th September 2007, 07:00 PM

Author: Jack4611

Location: Missouri, USA (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 283

Holly awoke that morning anxious and ready to start the day at her new school. She was a senior in high school, and she and her mother had just moved from Arizona. Holly was a single girl, and very, very attractive. The best part about all of this was that she was a lesbian. She and her mother were nudists as well, so anytime they were at home, they were both at least topless, if not completely naked. Holly got out of bed and looked at herself in the mirror. She was completely naked, and she just stood there admiring her beauty. She got into the shower, and cleaned herself quickly, and then went back out into her room to get dressed. She laid out a short pink skirt, a black shirt, pink bra, and a lime green thong. Holly had to look good for all of the other girls at school. This was the first time that she had gone to an all-girl school, but she begged and begged her mother to let her go to an all girl school, and her mother finally gave in, so Holly was very excited about starting.

Holly got dressed, packed her bag, and got herself a snack, then went out to her car to drive to school. She was only about five minutes from school, so she could have walked, but she decided to drive to show off her car. She got to school and went to her first class. During class, she took out a black bottle that was filled with soda and began to drink it. By the end of her first class, she was done with her soda, and she took her bottle into the bathroom. She pulled her panties to the side and placed the bottle under her cunt.

As she began to touch her breasts, a large gush of urine fell from her cunt and into the bottle. She casually placed the bottle back into her bag and went to her next class, English. She sat next to a girl who was very beautiful. As the teacher went around taking attendance, Holly said «Present.» as the teacher called her. The girl next to her, Leah, also announced that she was present. The assignment in class was to work with a partner, and since Holly did not know anyone else there, she chose to work with Leah, since she was sitting right next to her. The assignment was quick and simple; they had plenty of time to talk. As they got to talking, they realized that they both had a lot in common. As they were talking Holly asked Leah «What lunch session do you have?»

«Second.» Leah said. Holly also had second lunch. «Do you want to hang out during lunch?»

«Sure.» Leah said. They walked to lunch next, and sat right next to each other. They began talking, and Holly said «How long have you been going to an all girl school?»

«Since I was started school.» Leah said. «I always knew that I wanted to do to one, and I have been interested in girls of r a long time. I'm a lesbian if you haven't figured it out already.» This was exactly what Holly was hoping for, but she had no idea that she was going to get it. «WOW!» She said. «I am too!!». They both looked at each other and smiled. They knew they were going to be spending a lot of time together. «Wow! What are you doing after school?» Leah asked. «Nothing. I was just going home. Do you want to do something after school?»

«Hell yeah.» Leah said.

The rest of the day went by very slowly for both of them, but at the end of the day, they met up outside the front door. Leah's house was within walking distance from the school, so they decided to walk and leave Holly's car there. About five minutes later, they were at Leah's house. «Come on in.» She said. No one else is home, so we can do whatever we want.» The two thought about what they should do since they were alone, and then Leah said «I am so glad I transferred into that class. I would have never met you if I hadn't.»

Holly smiled and wrapped her arms around Leah, giving her a nice big hug. Holly took her left hand and cupped Leah's breast in it, squeezing it gently. Leah did the same for Holly. «Would you be comfortable getting naked right here?» Holly asked. «Sure. I love being naked. I never wear clothes at my house.» Leah replied. The two girls began to take off their clothes, and Holly was astounded to see such a beautiful girl stripping in front of her. Leah had nice brown hair with a couple of blonde streaks; she was about 5'2, 110 pounds. Holly was about the same size, but her breasts were a bit bigger than Leah's. Once they were both naked, Leah said «Wow. I should have peed at school. I really have to go now.»

«Yeah, me too.» Holly said. Holly really didn't have to go that bad, but she really wanted to watch Leah pee. Jus to break the ice, Holly said «Do you like peeing?» Leah was not sure what Holly meant by this, but she answered by saying «Oh yeah, I like everything about pissing. I love pissing my panties, peeing outside, peeing on myself, and pissing into my own mouth.» By this time, Holly's pussy was so wet, that if she took one step closer to Leah, she was going to start dripping. «Wow.» Holly said. «I am the same way!» Leah grinned, and said «Well then, would you like for me to pee on you?»

«Absolutely!» Holly said.

Holly went into her closet and got out a black towel. She laid it down on the floor in her room, and then she laid down on top of it. «Okay, whenever you are ready.» She said to Leah. «Where do you want it?» Leah asked. «Wherever. Doesn't matter.» Holly said. Leah stood above Holly's nude body and began to pee on her. It splashed all over Holly's breasts, and some went into her mouth. Holly loved the taste of pee, but she had never tasted anyone's but her own.

Holly opened her mouth and let all of it fly in. When Leah was done pissing, she laid down on top of Holly and began kissing her. «Do you have to pee too?» Leah asked. Holly nodded her head, and said «Do you want it?» Leah smiled, and said «Yeah sure. Leah rolled over and waited for Holly to piss. Holly pissed all over Leah's face and body, and then they laid back down to cuddle up together. As time passed, they fell asleep with each other, and it was not until about 6:00 PM that they woke up. It was still early, they thought, so they decided to do something.

Holly had jus gotten paid, and Leah was getting hungry, so they decided to go to the mall close to their house. Holly was wearing a pink skirt with a pair of pink panties, and a white shirt that said «BITCH» on the front. Leah had a white shirt, black bra, a blue skirt, and some yellow panties. When they got to the mall , they went to get something to eat, and after they ate, they began shopping. «What are you looking to buy?» Leah asked Holly. «I'm not sure. I want some lingerie I think, but I am not sure.» The two girls walked into Victoria's Secret holding hands, and began looking at stuff. Holly took a pair of pajama pants and began putting panties in the pockets. She was not supposed to try on panties because of health reasons and what not, but she didn't really care. «Here, come with me.» Holly said to Leah.

Leah walked right into the fitting room, right behind Holly, and they locked the door. Both girls took off all of their clothes and began touching each other and kissing, and then Leah said «Let me have a pair of those.» She took a pair of panties from Holly and slipped them on. Holly took the other pair and put them on, and then Leah said «What would do you if I pissed in these right here?» Holy thought about it, and said «I would probably finger you right there.» Leah liked that idea. «Okay. Here ya go!» Leah said. She stood there and began to piss her pants. Her pee was flowing so fast, Holly didn't know what to do. Holly got down on her knees and opened her mouth, letting the urine get all over her shirt.

Leah's piss tasted great, even better than it did back at the house when they peed. When Leah was done pissing, she began laughing very hard. «What is so funny?» Leah looked down at Holly's shirt and said «Look at your shirt!» Holly looked down at her shirt and saw the entire front of it was bright yellow. «Damn!» Holly said. «Anyway, let me pee my panties now!» Holly and Leah traded places and began to piss her panties while Leah opened her mouth and let it all flow in. After Leah was done, her shirt was also covered in bright yellow piss. The two girls stood in the fitting room wearing only their panties touching each other and making out.

