THE HOUSE (Fiction)

21st January 2013, 05:03 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

"Hi, this is Karen, is the room for rent still available?" a nervous pretty sounding girls voice surprised me on the phone.

"Um..yeah."

"What are you asking for it?"

"Um.. I've um.. I've decided to lower the rent to a hundred and fifty dollars a month."

"Wow, only a hundred and fifty dollars a month!"

"Um.. yeah.." I'd had a couple of guys call on the ad I'd posted in the University, but when they came out and saw the house they'd changed their minds. "If you're interested you can come and see it. I'll be around for the rest of the day. Did you get the directions off of the ad?"

"Yeah.. Your wife must be the only one who works?" she laughed nervously. There was a pause. "I'm sorry.. I shouldn't have said that."

"That's okay. I'm not married."

"You're not married?!"

"No.. but it's a big house. You can have your own room. And the view of the valley and the University is incredible!"

"It's not that..." I could sense pain in her voice. "It's just that I live in the dorms and there's these guys who come around... But I'm cool with that!"

"Of course.." I reassured her.

"But... I uh...I just wouldn't want people thinking that I'm married.. Because I'm still a freshman! And if I were living in the same house as you.."

"I understand.." I tried to be supportive.

"Damnit damnit.. that's such a good price! It's not like a total dump is it?"

"No, but it's a little old.."

"Do you have other roommates?"

"No.."

"I'm sorry but I don't think it's really what I'm looking for.." she hung up the phone.

###

It's amazing how you can get your hopes so high so fast, and get so excited about something, only to have them dashed just as fast. You end up feeling like a loser.

I went out to work on the yard. I had just begun to rake up the leaves under one of the giant maple trees that lined the driveway when an old blue Chrysler four door sedan stopped on the road in front of the driveway. I smiled and waved. The car headed slowly into the driveway. A very pretty girl with long dirty blonde hair was driving, and another equally pretty brunette road in the passenger seat.

She stopped the car right next to me and the brunette got out. "Holy fuck that's a huge house!"

"Yep.." I swallowed and nodded. I had inherited an old stone mansion.

The blonde just sat inside the car and watched. The brunette walked around the car to me. "It's like something from a fucking horror movie."

She talked a lot tougher than she looked. She was very pretty, almost delicate looking. She was tall and slim. Her jeans showed off her nicely cured hips and her soft pink sweater made me want to reach out and feel her medium sized breasts. It was a little cold out and I swear I could see her nipples through her sweater.

"So what's the catch?"

"Nothing.."

"Fuck you!" She punched me playfully on the shoulder.

The blonde stepped out of the car and smiled weakly. "It's kind of a spooky house."

It was exactly like something you would might find in a horror movie. A staggering number of chimneys poked out of the slate roof, and seemingly every room in the house had it's own fireplace. The bedrooms on the second and third floor all had their own balcony

"It's not that bad, you get used to it really fast." I lied.

"Karen, are you scared or something?" The brunette giggled. She stood up tall and bravely looked at the house.

"Cut it out Julie..."

Julie leaned towards me, "Karen's sorta a prude." She smirked. "She wants to move out of the dorms 'cause some of the girls have their boyfriends over at night.."

"I heard that. I am not a prude.." Karen's voice shook. "It's just that.."

"That what?" Julie rolled her eyes. "You wouldn't last one night in this house."

"Neither would you!" Karen shot back.

Julie studied the house intently and then flashed a determined look at me. "Could we see the inside of the house?"

You truly felt like you were stepping into a castle. The vaulted ceilings, the huge curved windows, The huge fireplaces in each room -- which thankfully had been retrofitted with gas inserts so you could turn them on with the flip of a switch and adjust the heat. The newly carpeted floors on the ground level also added to the warmth of the house.

The house had come fully furnished. And the furniture was all in incredible condition. It did have a little bit of an "old" smell to it but it had been completely cleaned before it was turned over to me and nothing was dusty.

The kitchen, like the rest of the house, was huge but it had been updated with new appliances -- two huge ovens, a gas stove top that must have been over ten feet long, and two huge stainless steel refrigerators. And that was all surrounded by stainless steel countertops and cabinets, and a large stainless steel table sat in the middle.

Julie shrieked with laughter when I showed the girls my bedroom. I don't know if it was some sort of pent up relief, or amusement. The room had been redone in a tropical style complete with ceiling fans, beige paint, and wicker furniture. It was big but much more cheerful and airy than the rest of the house. At least I thought so. Standing on my bedrooms front balcony you could see the valley and the University. Standing on the back balcony you were under the glass conservatory's roof and you could look right down on the pool and all the way across the conservatory.

My great aunt had been something of a gardening enthusiast and she had filled the conservatory with palms and tropical plants from around the world.

"You're seriously only asking a hundred and fifty dollars a month?" Julie asked me in disbelief.

"Yes... It's big, but it does have a shortcoming."

"No fucking shit!" Julie laughed, "It only has one fucking working bathroom!"

"Yeah that's the catch... You have to remember it was just my Great Aunt who lived here.."

"She didn't even finish the bathroom in her bedroom."

"I know. I am going to get a plumber in to hook up the water and the plumbing. But at least the working bathroom is here on the second floor."

"It has one fucking toilet!" Julie laughed.

Karen rolled her eyes, "Wouldn't you want to use the bathroom alone?"

"I don't fucking care." Julie said, but she didn't sound totally convincing.

Karen made a face, "Julie.. please stop using the f-word.."

###

I'm not particularly superstitious and I am not a believer in ghosts but honestly the place had scared the Hell out of me when I'd first moved in. I remembered listening intently for strange sounds in the middle of the night. They never came, but my fear didn't lessen. I just slept with my bedroom door locked. My tropical bedroom was my escape from the house. If I needed to pee in the middle of the night I'd just go out and pee off of the balcony. The front balcony. The back balcony creeped me out a little. I always kept the french doors locked. And I had removed the drapes from my room. Things can hide behind drapes...

The sound of footsteps on the floor above me rattled me awake and my heart pounded hard! I strained to listen. They were definitely footsteps.. Then I heard them descending the stairs.. And I heard a door shut.. I held my breath.. I heard the toilet flush... and I suddenly woke up and burst out laughing. It was just one of the girls using the bathroom.

I had roommates! I actually had roommates and I actually was not all alone anymore in this terrible house!

To my surprise the girls had both chosen bedrooms above me on the really creepy third floor. I couldn't imagine living up there. I had only ventured onto the third floor during the middle of the day when the sun was at it's brightest.

I had helped the girls carry their stuff up to their bedrooms. And then.. I had helped Julie move her bed and her stuff into Karen's bedroom. It was definitely very comforting to have other people living in the house -- and even a little funny.

The first thing the girls had done before signing the rental agreement was to hold a "meeting" in the bathroom. I wasn't really evesdropping on them. Not really.. Okay I was.. but I couldn't really make out what they were saying. But I confess that it was a huge thrill when I heard the distinctive spashing sounds when one of the girls peed in the toilet. It had made my dick hard as a rock and reminded me that I had girls for roommates. Girls!

After their meeting Julie laid down the ground rules for me. She explained that they were not going to have guys over but that they also expected me to leave them alone, because part of their reason for moving out of the dorms was to get away from the sort of obnoxious guys who liked to hang around the girls dorms and try to pick up on the girls.

###

I suppose that having a whole floor to themselves sort of gave the girls a lot freedom and privacy. I could hear them playing loud music, talking, laughing, and even running up and down the main hallway. I don't know why I had been so afraid of the house.

The girls were friendly but I don't know what they really thought of me because it seemed that they were always either up on the third floor, or in the bathroom holding "meetings".

###

"Wanna know something funny." Karen confided in me one day when I was studying in the diningroom "Julie never uses the bathroom at night. I think she's scared to leave the room."

"What does she do?"

Karen smirked "She pees in the wastebasket!"

"You bitch.."

I turned around to see Julie standing behind us. "No way.. You are so NOT telling him that!" She glared at Karen. "I just hate making the trip all the way downstairs..."

Karen turned and ran out of the diningroom shrieking with laughter.

"I am so going to kill her!" Julie chased after her.

A little later in the day when Karen was talking to somebody on the phone, Julie motioned to me nervously. "Com'on."

Karen turned and gave Julie a puzzled look.

Karen smirked and waved her away.

"Com'on I needa pee!" Julie laughed.

Karen's jaw dropped.

My heart pounded hard and I felt my dick growing hard

"Com'on!!" Julie grinned madly, "Let's have a meeting in the bathroom!"

Karen watched us with her mouth hanging open as I followed Julie in a confused overly excited fog.

Julie held the door open, "Com'on!" I stepped inside awkwardly. Julie shut the door quickly and locked it. "Awww!!" Julie ran for the toilet. "I'm gonna piss my pants!"

Julie glanced back at me. "Don't watch!" she shrieked.

Pop! Zip!! I caught a glimpse of the top of her white lacy panties

. She grabbed a towel off the rack and awkwardly pulled her pants down while covering herself with a towel. Then she plopped down on the toilet.

"You're still watching!"

"Sorry.." I turned away, but heard the distinctive sound of her pee splashing in the toilet.

"You know Karen watches you pee at night." Julie wiped herself.

"What?"

"She goes out on the balcony and watches you when you take a piss." Julie flushed the toilet and pulled her panties up dropping the towel on the floor. I got a peek at her white lacy panties

. "You always go out right around midnight. Julie's bed is right near the window. I followed her out last night."

"Yeah but you can't see much in the dark..."

"I think she wants to see your peepee." Julie smirked.

"Um...yeah" I stepped around her and unzipped.

"Can I watch?"

"No!" I feigned modesty and turned to hide my hard-on. I have heard that some guys can't pee with a hard-on but I usually have no trouble. However this time it wasn't so easy.

I glanced back over my shoulder and saw Julie watching me with nervous excitement. "Just pee." she giggled, "I promise I won't watch." She walked towards the sink and

I twisted to hide my big dick. At least she would not think that I was small if she saw me. When she turned on the water to wash her hands I relaxed slightly and finally peed.

"Wow.. long pee." Julie giggled as I zipped back up still facing away from her.

My heart still pounded wildly as I washed my hands in the sink. I was in a locked bathroom with a very attractive girl. It was weird.

###

I was in the main livingroom sitting on one of the big new couches with my feet up on the ottoman reading a Sports Illustrated when Karen approached me and tapped me on the shoulder.

"Let's go to the bathroom.." Karen suggested to me shakily. She looked a little ill -- like she might throw up at any moment...

"Ok.."

Karen led me into the diningroom. "We're going to the bathroom for a meeting!" Karen announced nervously, but loudly, to Julie who was talking on the phone.Julie started to get up but Karen motioned for her to sit back down. Julie rolled her eyes and turned away from us.

"Com'on.." Karen swallowed nervously as she led me to the bathroom. I entered first and Karen followed.

"You know Julie is really scared of this house?" Karen unbuttoned her pants.

"I know.." I nodded. "She is really defensive about peeing in the waste basket."

"This house doesn't scare me at all." Karen flushed slightly as she unzippered her pants.

"Me either.." I lied.

"Julie is such a show-off.." Karen pulled her slacks down revealing her soft curvy hips and pink panties

.

My heart beat hard, "She said I could watch if I let her hold it when I peed." I lied.

"Did you?" Karen exhaled hard. I thought I saw a little anger in her face.

"No..." I felt my dick growing hard. "..But I like you better.." I managed under my breath. "I... uh.. I uh.. I mean you can.."

"I don't mind if you watch." Karen forced a nervous smile. She stood still for a second..

I felt my engorged dick growing and straining my pants into a pup tent but I did not even try to hide it.

"But you can.." I barely managed to whisper under my breath, "..if you let me watch."

Karen took a breath.. "Okay.." she pulled her panties down in front of me revealing a curly bush and a beautifully shaped pussy lips."

My tight jeans made my rock hard penis hurt a little and I undid the zipper to release a little pressure. My penis almost thrust its way out of my underwear and I fought the urge to cover myself.

"Julie always talks like she is tough and she's not afraid of anything, but it's just an act." Karen croaked. She spread her legs a little to give me a better view.

Karen's hand moved down to cover her pussy.. then she pulled it back! "Ahhh.." a stream of pee erupted between her legs and actually cleared the front of the seat and landed on the carpeted mat in front of the toilet. "Opps.." She leaned forward a little bit and I heard a little hissing and splashing. as her pee spashed on the front of the toilet bowl. "Sorry... I really had to go.." Karen flushed, "I've been holding it a long time."

"No problem." I gasped. The tip of my penis poked it's way through my underwear.

Karen glanced at my penis then down at the floor. "Julie always acts like she's like really experienced with guys.. and everything.." She wiped herself, "..but she's not..."

"I know..yeah.." I unsnapped my pants and my huge penis poked it's way further through my underwear. Karen glanced nervously at it as she stood up and allowed me one last view before zipping up.

I awkwardly moved towards the toilet as Karen awkwardly bumped her hip into mine as she stepped around to the side of me. "Um.." Karen exhaled and I put my arm around her soft back and rested my hand shakily on her shoulder -- which only made my penis harder.

"Here.." I grabbed my underwear with my free hand and pulled them down over my rock hard penis fully exposing my penis balls and hairy crotch.

"Oh..um.. ok.." Karen took hold of my huge engored dick with her cold trembling hand. "Wow.. you're warm.."

"Yeah.. oh.. god.. I don't know if I'm going to be able to pee.. Mmmff.."

"Kinda funny.." Karen giggled, "..here I'll look away." She did but she also gave my dick a couple of strokes with her hand.

"Yeah..Oh hoo hoo...oh god.." I stuggled to relax enough to pee.

Crash!! Something slammed down hard on the floor above the ceiling, and Karen jerked my penis painfully in one direction as I involuntarily jumped in the other -- releasing a squirt of pee that hit the vanity.

"Ow ow ow!!"

"Sorry.." Karen aimed my stream into the bowl. She glanced up at the ceiling.

"Julie.."

I nodded.

###

Julie glanced around the livingroom, casually tossed the empty bottle in the trash, and went for a fifth beer. "Do you believe in ghosts?"

"No.." I took a sip of my beer.

"Me either.." Karen finished her beer in one big gulp. She seemed to be in a competition with Julie.

We were half watching a dumb sitcom on my great Aunts ancient black and white TV but

I had long since lost the plot of the show -- if there really was any.

Julie took a gulp of beer and looked at me, "You were right it's not hard to get used to this house." She shrugged, "It's not really all that scary."

"That's why you piss in the wastebasket at night?"

Julie got up. "Because I don't like the fucking inconvenience!"

"Whatever.." Karen smirked, then her expression changed. "What are you doing?"

"I'm gonna take a fucking piss, if it's fucking ok with you?! Julie turned away from us as she pulled her pants down -- just far enough that I got a glimpse of her butt.

She sat on the wastebasket facing away from us and peed noisily.

Karen grinned madly at me, "If you needa go take a pee -- I can come with you to help?"

"Help?!" Julie flashed a look of disgust at Karen. She shook back and forth while seated on the wastebasket, then pulled her pants and panties back up in one awkward motion. "Are you fucking serious?"

Karen stuck her tongue out at Julie. "Um Jules.. I think I see a wet spot there.. I think you might have forgotten to wipe.."

"Maybe that's because there isn't any fucking toilet paper here?"

Karen got up from the couch and headed into the kitchen. Karen returned carrying a box of tissue paper. "You could've used this".

Snap! Karen undid the top button on her pants. Zip! She pulled down both her pants and panties and laughed hysterically as she took a couple of awkward drunken steps towards the wastebasket with her pants around her ankles.

Karen turned back so that she faced me and fully exposed her hairy pussy to me. She grinned madly, sat down on the wastebasket, and took a long hissing pee.

Julie shook her head, "Fucking exhibitionist."

Karen stuck her tongue out at Julie, "I wouldn't want one of the ghosts upstairs to get me.". She stood up fully displaying her pussy to me, grabbed a tissue from the box on the table, and wiped herself casually, and tossed it in the wastebasket.

I got up and stretched, "I think that it's time that we headed upstairs and joined the ghosts and got some sleep." I suggested, nonchalantly pretending that I didn't notice the pup tent in my pants.

I walked across the room, showing off my bulging pants, grabbed the empty bottles off of the coffee table tossed them into the wastebasket and picked up the wastebasket and carried it into the kitchen -- where I carefully poured the contents into the large kitchen trashcan.

"Is that your gun or are you happy to see me?" Julie giggled.

"It's his gun!" Karen laughed drunkenly as I undid my pants, pulled out my huge engorged dick, and began peeing into the trash -- right in front of the girls.

"Here let me help!" Karen reached over and I let go so that she could take my dick in her hand.

"No way.." Julie stepped in closer to watch.

Karen jerked me in Julies direction.

"Ahhh!!" Julie jumped back when my pee hit her leg. "Bitch!"

Karen aimed me back in the trash and began laughing hysterically.

"You can sleep in another bedroom if you are gonna act like that Karen!" Julie wiped at her pants leg with a towel.

"Are you sure you won't be too scared sleeping by yourself?" Karen asked.

"No!" Julie said emphatically, "But I am staying in our bedroom. You are going to have to find another bedroom."

"Fine.." Karen said nervously.

"We could another bed into my room." I suggested.

"I'll bet you'd like." Julie snickered.

"Okay." Karen grinned.

"You're really gonna do it?" Julie asked. She sounded nervous. I don't know if it was because she didn't approve of Karen sharing a room with me, or because she didn't want to sleep on the third floor alone.

"Yeah.." Karen grinned again.

"Okay fine!" Julie left the kitchen fast. "Be a fucking slut! See if I care about it?"

###

"Poor Julie." Karen said from her bed. "I wouldn't want to sleep up there all alone. She's braver than I thought."

"She definitely is!" I agreed.

I peed off of the balcony a number of times that night. But I was all alone out there. Karen never even woke up. Each time I went out I would look up at the girls balcony and wonder how Julie was doing up on the third floor.

Back in the room I fantasized that Karen was in bed with me, but I didn't dare make a move. It was too good of a thing to screw up by moving too fast.

###

"So Karen really wet her bed?" Julie smirked at me at breakfast.

"Yeah.. you guys sure drank a lot of beer last night."

"Well at least she slept in her own bed, or she would have soaked you!" Julie laughed, "But you're such a perv that you probably would have loved it."

"Shutup Julie." I aimed my penis at the garbage can, "Or I will have to pee on you again."

"Ewww that would be soo damn hot!" Julie smirked mischeviously. "When you're done there I've gotta take a piss too."

###

"Jules you could move to a bedroom down to our floor if you wanted?" Karen suggested as she aimed my hard dick at the wastebasket in the livingroom.

"Why would I want to do that?" Julie pulled her pants down in front of me exposing her hairy but trimmed pussy hair. "I sort of like my privacy." She plopped down on the edge of the large wicker basket under the artificial palm.

Almost two weeks had passed since Karen had moved down to my room. And we had both begun to worry about Julie. I know haunted houses are make believe but still there was no denying the creepiness of the house and the emotional toll that can take on a person.

Karen tightened her grip on my dick slightly "Jules, are you pissing into that plant?"

"It's not a real plant." Julie snickered.

"That's even worse.." Karen said with disgust.

"Karen.." I protested.

"Sorry I couldn't resist stroking it a little.."

"Yeah but you're making it impossible for me to pee."

Julie wiped herself and chucked the tissue paper into the artificial plant. "Guys have such ridiculous bodies." She shook her head and left the room.

"Ridiculously nice." Karen said aiming my piss around the wastebasket in cirles.

I moved my hand from her shoulder to her breast and enjoyed the feel of her hard nipple under my palm. "Oh god you have a nice body.."

"Not now.." Karen said stuffing my hard-on back into my pants. "Tonight."

"Okay!" I agreed excitedly.

###

"Mmmm.." I snuggled up against Karen in bed. She was wearing a long shirt and panties but I didn't complain. I had dreamed of sleeping with her from the first day I had met her. I was fairly conservatively dressed too. I was wearing sweatpants and a tee shirt -- partly because it was a little cold that night..

Clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk!

"What was that?" Karen sat up in bed.

"I don't know. It came from the upstairs.. Do you think that I should go and check?"

Karen sighed, "Probably.."

Karen came along with me, and that made me feel a whole lot better. I sure wouldn't have wanted to have gone up there by myself. The lights in the hallways had always been dim and it always made going anywhere in the house at night feel like a nightmare. I always imagined the lights going out. In fact I had had nightmares about it.

I immediately knew something was wrong when we entered the third floor and I saw the strange blue light down at the end of the hallway. The attic door was open and the ladder was down. The light was coming from the attic. Only one of the lights in the third floor hallway was working and it was pretty dim, so the light coming from inside the attic was the main light in the hallway.

"Have you ever been up in the attic?" Karen asked me nervously.

"No." I tried to feel confident as I led the way.

"Oh god.." Karen whispered.

I stood at the bottom of the attic ladder and listened and waited, but no sound came.

"Okay, here goes.." I took hold of the ladder and began climbing. The ladder was icy cold and the air seemed to become worse as I neared the opening. Carefully I stuck my head into the attic. I caught a glance of something or someone and the light went out.

"Ahhh!!!!" It was on top of me, pushing me down the ladder!!! Light flashed around me. I landed on my feet on the floor but the cold body was still on top of me!

"Ahhhh!!!!" I heard Karen's scream.

"Ahhhh!!!!" I fought to get the cold hard woman off of me. My heart was pounding so hard it was ready to explode.

The lights flashed a few more times.

"Hahahahahahaha!!!" I heard Julie's laughter and the attic light came back on.

"Real funny Julie!" Karen yelled angrily. "Are you trying to scare us to death?"

I pushed the mannequin off of me, and Julie poked her head down from the attic, a huge grin on her face. She climbed down the ladder, still grinning madly, and I noticed the camera in her hand.

"Julie that was mean.." Karen said. She was sitting in a puddle and my sweats were soaked. We'd both peed ourselves.

"It serves you right for moving downstairs and leaving me all alone up here." Julie said as she checked out the pictures she had taken of us.

I took my soaked sweatpants off and used them to wipe up the floor where Karen had been sitting. "You can move downstairs with us if you want." I offered.

"Yeah Jules.." Karen pulled off her soaked panties and tossed them on top of my sweats. ".. we could move another bed into our room."

"Yeah right.." Julie said dejectedly.

"Holy shit that's a creepy mannequin!" I studied it in amazement. It looked like a witch. The face was drawn, there were dark circles around the eyes and the hair was long and ragged.

"That's nothing." Julie said, "You should see all of the weird stuff up in the attic."

"You mean like torture stuff?" Karen asked fearfully.

"No..just weird cooking stuff and strange pictures and a huge old leather book."

Julie climbed up the ladder and got the book.

It was a great big thick old book. There was no writing on the cover. It was just stamped with four elaborate seals -- one in each corner.

"Check this out." Julie opened the book, flipped through the pages, and held it up for us to see. It was a picture of a naked horned man -- who appeared to be the devil -- peeing into the open mouth of a naked woman on her knees in front of him.

Karen snickered loudly, "That is so gross!"

"Not that gross.." Julie disagreed. She bit her lip and stared at my dick.

"Okay.." Karen said. "I think that it's time for us all to go back to bed."

###

Julie was up early but she had dark circles around her eyes.

"I couldn't sleep." Julie told us.

Karen studied Julie, "Jules are you okay?"

"Yeah I think so.."

"Well you can't go to school like that."

Julie was wearing only lacy black bra and lacy black panties.

Julie smirked, "I'm doing laundry. Besides I don't think that I'm going to go today.."

I returned home to find Julie asleep on the couch, still dressed in only a bra and panties.

And the big leather book like on the floor next to the couch.

###

"Jules was sure weird today." Karen said with concern in her voice.

"You're telling me!" I agreed as I grabbed ahold of her hair and pulled as I drove my dick deep inside her wet tight pussy. Karen leaned a shoulder into the dresser and used her free hand to play with her clit.

"She's..mmph..mmmph..Mmmph!.. acting strange."

"It's..uh..uh..uh..that..uh..weird book..uhhh.."

"Yeah...mmm!" I agreed as I felt her hairy mound with one hand and her breast and hard nipple with the other.

"You're.. uhhh...uhhh.. gonna.. uhhh.. make me.. uhhh... peee!"

I was pressing with my middle finger just over the top of her pelvis and my dick was so huge and engorged that it seemed that I could actually feel the tip of it deep inside her pussy.

"Aaaahhh!!" my penis seemed to burn then explode inside of her.

"MMmmmphhh!" She gasped as her pussy seemed to grab hold of my dick and pull it inside of her as she trembled violently under me and wet warmth ran down my legs.

Pleasurable mind numbing euphoria washed over my body...

I awoke with Karen on the floor. The sun had begun to set so We headed out onto the conservatory balcony and turned on the lights. The palm trees and exotic plants sure gave me the feeling of being in the tropics. I peed through the railing to the stone floor below, and Karen sat back against the railing next to me and peed on the balcony.

Karen shook her head, "That book is so weird."

"Yeah the pictures sure are. I wonder where my great aunt picked up that book."

"Probably in some weird tropical place." Karen suggested. "It's probably a book of voodoo or something like that.

"You know what's really weird.." Karen said cautiously. She seemed to hold her breath for almost a minute, ".. that picture of the devil peeing in that womans mouth is starting to seem hot to me."

"Me too.."

We headed to the bathroom and took a long shower together then went back to bed. We fell into a deep sleep after a little more love making.

Clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk! Clunk clunk clunk clunk clunk!

"Cut it out Jules.." Karen groaned.

"CUT IT OUT YOU GUYS!" Julie yelled loudly.

BOOOOM!!!

Karen sat up in bed "Whoa what was that?!"

"STOP IT!!" Julie yelled.

BOOOM!! BOOOM!!

"AHHHHH!!! SOMEBODY HELP MEEEE!!!" Julie shrieked. "HELP ME!! HELP ME!! HELP ME!!"

The screams got closer "HELP ME!!"

I jumped out of the bed and opened the door and Julie flew into my arms. "Help me!"

She sobbed.

Karen slammed the door shut and locked it.

"Are you ok?" Her heart was pounding hard against me.

"I guess so.." She cried against me and I held her and Karen came around from the other side and hugged her as well. "You guys are totally naked.."

"I guess we are..." I noticed my hard dick against her belly.

"Ewww why are you all turned on?" Julie pushed me away from her. "Have you guys been...?"

"No." I lied.

"What was going on up there?"

"I don't know for sure."

The girls went out to the conservatory balcony to pee and I went back to bed.

###

Karen pressed her naked body up against mine and we kissed as silently as we could manage. I slid my legs between hers, my hard dick found her wet pussy, and we began having sex as quietly as we could manage. "Mmm mm mm mm mmm.." Karen rolled onto her back and I began pumping more vigorously -- I couldn't resist. "Ahh ah ahh.." Karen began moaning quietly. "Umm umm umm.." I tried not to be too loud

"You guys are SO not having sex!" Julie said loudly.

I heard odd splashing on the carpet.

"Jules you are SO NOT peeing on the floor!" Karen shot back "Mmm.. mmm.. mmmm!"

"Umm.. umm.. umm.." I moaned as the connection with Karen took over.

###

As I gradually woke up and regained consciousness I became aware of Karen's warm body against mine.

"Wow it's late." Karen said.

I looked over at the clock and saw that it was almost noon.

Julie's bed was empty, and there were two big wet spots on the carpet next to the bed.

"I wonder where she is?" Karen frowned.

A huge pile of clothes lay at the foot of her bed.

"Let's go check upstairs." I suggested.

The third floor wasn't nearly as spooky during the day as it was at night and the doorway to her bedroom was open. I stepped into the room and the first thing I noticed was the wet carpet under my bare feet.

"She's been pissing all over the floor!" Karen pointed at the wet spots and wads of toilet paper everywhere.

All of the drawers on her dresser were wide open and empty, and the closet was also wide open and empty.

"She must have come up here and gotten her clothes."

"Good guess Sherlock." Karen snickered.

The big leather book lay open on her desk. It was a picture of the naked horned man lying down with a half dozen women -- some literally on top of him.

"No wonder witches are almost all women." I laughed "If I were the devil I would choose women too!" I aimed my penis at the side of the desk and began peeing.

"That's 'cause he's a guy.." Karen snickered. She sat down on the arm of the old couch next to the door and peed noisily on the floor.

I shook my penis off and headed over to the window. "Julie's car is gone. I think she must have gone to school."

We took the big old leather book downstairs with us and had some lunch.

###

"Mmm.. Mmm.. Mmm.. Mmmm.. Mmmm.."

"Uh.. uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. uhh.."

"Mmph.. Mmph.. Mmph.. Mmph.."

"You're.. uhhh...uhhh.. gonna.. uhhh.. make me.. uhhh... peee!"

Karen watched with smirk on her face

"MMmmmphhh!" Julie cried out as we climaxed together.

When I came to both Karen and Julie were kissing me.

"I bought another winning lottery ticket." Karen grinned.

"And I got our plane tickets for Bali." Julie chimed in.

"What are we going to do in Bali?" I asked the girls.

"Fuck our brains out!" Karen grinned ear-to-ear. "What do you think horny young witches want to do?"

