Elle's Fashion Show

10th September 2012, 08:48 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

«Beautiful! Absolutely stunning!»

Mark was surprised at how much he was enjoying the show that his girlfriend Elle was putting on for him. Elle, an absolutely beautiful redhead with amazing curves, had just received a shipment of lingerie from a friend. This was actually a big deal to Elle. She was fit, with the aforementioned nice set of curves, and had an amazing set of very large, very full breasts. Finding sexy lingerie that could accommodate them was difficult. Her friend had been able to send her several sets of beautiful lingerie that were aptly able to handle Elle's amazing breasts. She was now putting on a fashion show, of sorts, for Mark.

Mark, at first, had thought of the whole idea as silly. He had, of course, seen his girlfriend completely naked on several occasions. What was so special about seeing her in lingerie? This skepticism had ceased as soon as she modeled her first set of lingerie. It consisted of a black, see-through bra with a matching pair of panties. He found the way the bra supported, and actually accentuated, her more than ample bosom, and the tease of her hard nipples stressing the thin, see through fabric, amazingly sexy. His appreciation became immediately clear, and Elle smiled as she saw the tent forming in his pants.

She briefly disappeared out of his sight, and then came back in modeling a red, lacy pair of lingerie. Mark noted, approvingly, that her hard, beautiful nipples were still visible under the red lace, and appreciated how her red pubes blended in with her new panties. She looked stunning standing in front of him. Elle giggled as she noticed an uncomfortable look appear on his face, knowing him well enough to realize that the source of his discomfort was the way his dick was straining against his pants. «You may as well release it,» she laughed, pointing at his pants, «we're not going to keep it caged up forever, you know.»

Mark followed her advice, unbuttoning his pants, pulling them and his underwear down slightly, and letting his rock hard cock free. He started to stroke it as she continued to model her new lingerie, anxious for what would happen after the show was over.

She left and came back in wearing a black lace set. «This is the last one,» she informed him. As with the others, he found her to look incredibly sexy in it as she turned around, allowing him to see her from multiple angles. «Bravo!» he cheered, being more than just a little bit corny, as she ended the show. She smiled and hurried on over to the couch, sitting down on lap, facing him, her lace covered mound pressing against his swelling dick.

«So, do you honestly like them?» she asked.

«Beautiful, I honestly love them,» he replied. «You look absolutely amazing in them.»

Elle leaned forward and started to give him a kiss. Mark pulled her tight and returned the kiss, reveling in her soft, warm lips, the feeling of her tongue as it danced with his, and the sensation of her large, firm breasts as they pressed against him. Seconds later he was enjoying yet another sensation, as he felt her slowly releasing the contents of her bladder.

Mark moaned at the sensation of her hot piss flowing over his rock dick, running over his balls and down the side of his leg, and puddling on the couch beneath him. He kissed her harder and started to rub his cock against the outside of her mound, enjoying the pressure of his dick against her almost as much as he enjoyed the feeling of her hot piss flowing over him. After about thirty seconds her flow stopped.

Mark stood up, still holding Elle, and laid her down on the sofa. He looked longingly at her beautiful body, knowing that he wanted to slip himself inside her and make wild, passionate love to her. First, however, he wanted to return a favor. He aimed his dick at her pussy, still covered by the black lace panty, and let out a strong stream. She squealed in delight as the hot jet of piss hit her pussy. He then aimed his dick at her lovely tits, and let out another strong jet, soaking her bra, tits, and nipples. Elle reached her hands inside her panties as he showered her tits, rubbing her clit with her experienced fingers.

Mark always loved the sight of her tits covered in piss, and leaned down to taste them. He sucked on each nipple through the lace, tasting his piss on her soft flesh. He then removed the lacy black bra, and eagerly took each nipple into mouth. He bit down gently on one nipple, then the other, eliciting another squeal. He felt her body tighten and knew that her fingers had done their job, and she immediately erupted into a strong orgasm.

He moved his head down to the bottom of the couch, and clamped his mouth over her panties. He sucked on her panties, tasting the combination of each other's piss, before pulling them aside and attacking her pussy with his tongue. Elle, knowing him so well, had released only about half of her bladder earlier. She now slowly released the rest of it, pissing a warm, trickly pee as he went down on her.

Mark was in heaven as he tasted her pussy and the warm piss that he allowed into his mouth, and let it flow both down his chin and down his throat. They were so much in tune with each other, knowing what the other one loved. He reached up and pinched her nipples as he tongued her clit and tasted her piss. The combined sensations on her pussy and nipples soon sent Elle into another orgasm. Mark lapped up the combination of juices on her pussy during her bliss.

As she came off of her orgasm he moved his way up her body, and, lying on top of her, gave her a warm, passionate kiss. He again enjoyed the soft, warm feel of her lips, and she loved in how naughty she felt as she tasted herself on his lips and tongue. Knowing what they both desperately wanted, she grabbed his dick and guided it into her wet pussy, her panties still pulled to the side.

As he slid his shaft into her awaiting pussy, Mark relaxed. Like Elle, he hadn't released all of the contents of his bladder during the earlier shower, and did so now, filling her pussy with his piss.

Elle pulled him closer and kissed him even more passionately as she felt his piss fill her pussy, flow out across her lips, down her ass, and puddle on the sofa below. Before she had met him this was one of her fondest fantasies, and she loved that he knew this, was always eager to accommodate her, and enjoyed the sensation as well.

As soon as he had finished pissing, Mark started to slowly slide his dick in and out of her pussy. Elle enjoyed the slow, rhythmic strokes, but wanted more. «Come on, gorgeous, fuck me! Hard!» she practically begged.

Mark had expected these words, and eagerly complied. He quickly picked up the pace and started pounding her pussy, causing her body to violently shake with each successive thrust. It wasn't long before he felt the familiar tightening, then her body convulse as she entered her third orgasm.

This, combined with all of the activities of the day, sent Mark over the edge, and he released a huge jet of cum into her pussy. He continued to thrust as he continued to cum, the two lovers lost in their mutual orgasm. After he finished coming he collapsed next to Elle, the two of them panting with their bodies, wet with sweat and piss, pressed together. Mark gave her one more passionate kiss, then smiled as her watched her fall asleep. He couldn't have asked for a more perfect woman.

