Our Miss Heather, Chapter 2

28th December 2019, 08:22 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

We left Earnie’s and after reaching her place sat in my truck doing some heavy petting before going inside. I loved feeling Heather’s wet ass and just touching her soaking puss was pure heaven. Heather normally takes a cab everywhere and so it was easy offering her a ride to her condominium. Nice place too. Let's just leave it that she loves to get that puss of hers licked, especially if you start by licking her through her pissed in panties. I finally got around to removing those soppy undies, that’s when I realized that they really were a thicker cotton almost like girls training panties. The sexy wet patches felt nice and when she noticed me playing with the double crotch band, just said, “there for my little problem”.

Heather’s business law class was now more than my favorite. Although we were careful to keep our feelings separate, I was easily going to get an “A”. Most of you realize that visiting your professor is never going to hurt your grade, Heather’s careful counseling gave me a raging erection at every visit. Sometimes she’d half encourage me to run my hand up her legs from behind while resting her hands on her desk. I’d feel my way past her stockings feeling for the wetness in her panties that had sometimes soaked up the crack of her ass. If she’d dribbled on herself, I’d usually leave her office with “sticky” boxers. The women used those gorgeous breasts of hers at every opportunity to deliver a consistent message. We needed to get together.

Thursday afternoon a got a message from her asking if I wanted to meet her at her family’s beach cabin. She indicated we’d have the place to ourselves and I wouldn’t need to bring anything.

Saturday, after using my phony ID to buy a couple of bottles of Chardonnay, I arrived just in time for a light lunch. To say the least, Heather is really beautiful and as usual very attentive. She just has that walk and look that adds new meaning to MILF. She looked irresistible, hanging out with me in a one piece turquoise swimsuit, wedge sandals, and light sweater that only reached the middle of her beautiful ass. Her swimsuit covered her puss nicely and of course I could not take my eyes off her whenever she got something from the kitchen. She did something else that was irresistible, she’d reach around to her backside and use both hands to reposition her swimsuit down over her bottom cheeks. Pleasant lunch with several glasses of wine, but she had more, suggesting a walk on the beach so I could get acquainted with the area.

This was the time of year when the beach can be cool and a bit gloomy. She used her sweater to word off the chill, but seemed a bit nervous. A couple of times I noticed that she was reaching near her crotch, pinching her pussy lips and commenting that it was a shame the water was so cold. "Really too cold for swimming", as she said.

We were aways from the condo when she suggested we start back. As she said that, she was using her right hand to cup herself, but pulled her hand away when she caught me staring. “Oh Johnny, I think your wine is really affecting me, I really have to go, let's hurry”. She moved closer, locking her left arm with mine, rubbing me with those nice breasts of hers.

I was now aware with what “go” mean’t and what her bladder might do. Her next comment was my downfall. “Honey, I think I need to just go a little bit now, so that I don’t completely wet myself. Do you mind”.

With that, she stopped, spread her legs a bit and that lovely area of her swimsuit started to get wet. The bitch was standing right in front of me, peeing in public. She stopped, but the wet patch surrounding her puss was all too obvious. That turquoise swimsuit wasn’t going to hide anything. Neither was her sweater going to pull down enough to cover the fact that she’d peed. We started walking again. A couple of people took notice of the pee stain between this beautiful women’s legs. Couldn’t miss noticing either, considering that sexy walk of hers, in those sandals. I think Heather liked the “looks” she was getting.

When Heather suggested that she was going to pee her swimsuit “a little bit”, I didn’t realize that she mean’t a little bit at a time. She continued doing it all the way back to the condo. Reaching the patio door I finally got a good look at her ass. The insides of her legs were streaked and her butt was wet half way up her bottom crack. She’d completely peed herself and now looked at me with that “come hither” look of hers, saying, “I really needed to go, but I’m fine now. Do you mind that your girl wets her pants? By the way, did you remember to bring the really good pot, you said you had? Let's go in and I’ll fix something to warm us up."

Now Heather was a sight to behold. She made no effort to change out of her swimsuit or use the bathroom, simply walking into the kitchen to make “hot toddy’s” as she put it, while I dug out my weed. Her wet ass was on constant display as she moved around the liquor cabinet. Once or twice she felt between her legs or pulled her bunched swimsuit loose from her ass crack. As far as she was concerned her pissed in clothing was no big deal. Finally, I was done fumbling with my pipe as she brought over two drinks, turned and sat half straddling my right leg. My pants seemed to dampen as she talked about how nice it was having me visit.

We were talking about what we enjoyed about one another and she leaned over to my ear, pressing those tits of hers into my chest and whispering, “It turns me on knowing that you like it when I wet my pants. Did you know I did it one time in business law class. I had to stand behind the pulpit during the entire class. Oh, my and I’d really peed my panties a lot”. She continued, telling me about other public embarrassments. She liked the attention she’d get after wetting herself and realized how turned on some guys would get after a friend of hers, from high school, peed her short shorts at the beach house.

