Unexpected Treat While Waiting At A Bus Stop (True Story) Part 1

4th February 2010, 04:56 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I was out looking for antique radios on a Saturday on a very nice day in late June. I ha already hit three places downtown no results so I walked to a bus stop on Broadway to check out four may places that I knew further out on Broadway. I sat down on the bench at this bus stop and I lit up a smoke as I sat there waiting for the bus to come.

As I sat there two girls aproached the bus stop. One was a short very thin long haired brunette wearing black shorts and a blue short sleeve top. The opther girl was a dirty blonde ( blonde and dark brown hair mixed in) kind of on the chubby side. The blonde had on a summer dress that was yellow,green,dark green plaid and was badly faded and worn with hanging threads along the dresses bottom.

Now the two girls stopped in front of the far left end of the concrete bench that I was sitting on. I had just taken the last drag on my smoke and had flicked it onto the sidewalk. I saw both girls look at each other and my butt that I had just flcked onto the sidewalk. Then the blonde spoke right up and asked me if I had a cigarete. I said I did. I got the pack out from myshirt pocket and gave the blonde one. I then asked the brunette if she would like one too.

The brunette acted like she was very shy and didn't answer me back. The blonde said to the brunette; Go ahead Mary he is offering you one. Take it! You want one too! Mary smiled a littel I gave her the cigarette and she very softly said thank you to me. The blonde had two pockets with the dress she was wearing. She had patted them both. Then she asked me if I had a light. I left my lighter at the house that we were at a party last night. So I got my lighter out lit it and both girls lit thier cigaretes and againg said thank you.

Then both girls sat down on the bench with me. The blonde then told me her name. Her name was linda and this is my friend Mary. I told them my name and they both said it was nice to meet me. Now Mary it seemed was getting over her shyness. As we all sat there our talking went on. I told them about waht I was up to and they both told me about the party they had been at last night.

Also Linda the blonde told me that I had just missed the bus too. The next one wouldn't be for a hour and a half. I groaned saying thatlong? Maty told me along with Lnda said it was. Then both girls told me they were really hungry. They hadn't eaten since supper last night. Since I had such a long wait and the girls were hungry I told them we could walk up to Woolworths which was open and get something to have for breakfast there.

Linda again checked her dresses pockets while Mary checked her pockets oin her black shorts for money. As it turned out between them they had two dollars and some change. Linda told me that they both had used more money for beer at the party then they thought. So I offered to help pay for breakfast. Linda said loudly; Gee thanks! Mary also sad a hearty sounding thank you to me.

So we walked the three long blocks to Woolworths and we all three had breakfast which would be a second breakfast for me. The girls were hungry for both of them gobbled right down the breakfast platters they had ordered. That didn't seem enough for them both either. For Linda asked me if she could get one of the big danish that were there on the counter. I laughed and told her yes. Both Linda and Mary both got one and I also got one too.

Then after that I told the two girls keep your money. I paid for every thing and we left. You'll need it for the bus home or something else. Both girls told me that they could walk home from the bus stop. I asked how far they had to go from there as now we had left and were walking back to the bus stop. Oh pretty far. We live in Hamilton Hill. I knew where that section of the city was. It was a old neighborhood which now was a poorer section now.

I happened at this time had looked up Briadway which you could see quite a distance. I said loudly; Oh shit! Linda asked what was wrong. Missed the bus! I've got another long wait again. Both Linda and Mary looked up and saw the bus off in te distance. Then both girls said to me; We'll keep you company while you wait. They both then giggled after they had said that to me. I smiled and said back to the girls; That's fine but you really don't have to if you have something else to go or do. They both smiled and told me gain at the same time; No we don't have any other thing to do. I thought to myslelf that I was glad that they would keep me company.

We got to the bus stop and we all sat down on the concrete bench. This tme the two girls sat down on my right side. I got out my pack of smokes offeredagain a cigarette to the wto girls. Both Mary and Linda took one. I lit thiers and mine and we sat there smiking and again talking. When Lida finsihed her smoke she stood up and she flicked it away. This is when I noticed the back of her old dress was stained witha a big yellowish looking patch on it. It looked like it was a piss stain.

Linda sat back down on the bech next to me. So Iasked her if she had pissed herself. Mary spoke right up before Linda could and said to me laughing; Linda certainly did. She was so drunk last night at the party! Linda was not ashamed at all by thgis. She laughed and told me agreeing with Mary admitting she had been really drunk at the party last nght.

I was so drunk she went on telling me that I went into the bathroom to piss and I just sat down on the toilet without pulling up my dress! Mary laughed even harder telling me that was exactly what Linda had done. Linda herself now was laughing. I also now laughed. Then we went back to talking with Linda and Mary mosttly doing the talking telling me about last nights partying.

This conversation I would say went on for a good fifteen minutes. Then Mary leaned over and whispered something to Linda. Linda giggled some for several seconds. Then she said to Mary. Just get up and go. Mary this time not whispering said to Linda; Where? Linda then told Mary g in the parking garage which there was one behind the bus stop. Mary was silent for a good long minute or two. Then she asked Linda; Will you come with me? I was curious about what was going on up to this point. But now with Mary asking Linda to come with her I had a good idea why now.

So I spoke up. Oh Mary has to piss I take it? Linda laughing hard told me she did. Then Linda right after telling me that Mary had to piss whispered in Mary;s ear. Then they exchanged whispers for the next several seconds. Then there seemed to be some kind of agreement between the two of them. They both stood up from the bench so I thought that Linda was going to go with Mary into the parking garage. So I spoke and said to them both; See you later. What Linda said back to me completely cuaght me by surprise!

No you can come with us Linda said back to me. Mary stood there giggling and shaking her head yes at the same time. I stood up now and Linda went on saying to me. Just consider it our way of paying you back for being so nice to us both buying breakfast and leting us smoke your cigarettes. I noiw had a big smile and inside of my jeans my cock was stirring starting to get erect!

The three of us walked over into the parking garage. Being a Saturday there were only a few scatted cars parked inside of it. Mary walked towards the back where there were three cars parked together in the last row. That seemed to be the best place to her to take her piss with some privacy. At least that was what I was thinking. Linda spoke up laughing as we walked towards where the three cars were parke. Linda said to Mary laughing; Boy you sure are going a long way to take a piss! Mary said back to Linda; Shut up! I'm not like you Linda. I at least don't piss out in the wide open where everyone sees you! Linda laughed even harder.

We very soon had reached the spot in the back where the three cars were parked in a row. We slipped behind the cars which there was room to get behind them but not enough room for Mary to sqaut and piss.As it turned out that wasn't a problem for Mary. The brick wall behind the cars was low and had a wide top on it. Mary said she would sit on top of the wall and piss.

So Mary turned so she faced the parked car and yanked her black shorts right down over her slim hips. She held them with one hand and hopped up on top of the low wall placing her sneakers on the face of the brick wall and then pulled her black shorts down to her knees. Both Linda and I were stranding just of to the sides of Mary. I could plainly see Mary;s crotch and pussy!

Mary's pussy had a fuzzy patch of pubic hair above it and a litle ways down the side of it. Her clit was big for such a samll girl! It was long fat and protruded outward and was a deep pink color. Now Marys vulva on both sides of her vaginas slit opening which was very short were very puffy looking and they were pinkish colored two but a much lighter shade of pink then her clit was.

Then Mary started to piss. At first her stream went straight down wetting the concrete garages floor right at the base of the brick wall. She pissed like this for several log seconds in a row. Then suddenly her piss stream got real hard which made it arc upward and outward. Mary suddenly forcibly cut off her piss stream. Fir she almost had her stream hit her black shorts! Mary then slid her black shorts down and removed them taking them off completely.

Here take these she said to Linda. Linda took them from Mary. This time not having her shorts on Mary really opened her legs wide which even gave a greater view to me of her so sweet looking pussy! Then in a short couple of seconds later after doing this Mary resumed her piss.Her piss stream shotout again in a arcing forward stream which it reached the back bumper of the car and splashed off from it.

Mary let out a soft sigh which was from relief that she was pissing so hard and the feeling must have felt that good to her that she was pissing so hard. Linda hearing Mary's soft sigh said to Mary; Feels that good to piss? Mary said right back to Linda; YES IT DOES!!!! Linda laughed and said; Wait till I go! If you THink that your piss feels so good I Know mine will feel even better! Mary let out a short giggleand went back watching her piss stream. I stood there watching Mary piss with a smile on my face and also thought about Linda was going to piss too!

Mary took a very long piss. She had pissed so much and having her stream splatter of the cars bumper she had wetted and made a good puddle on the garages concrete floor. Luckily the floor slanted towards the front so her piss did run forward under the parked car. Now Mary's piss stream eased up. It lost its arc but was now just angled out some waht forward. Now it hissed loudly. Before this it hadn't.

As Mary's stream eased up more it straightened out and before she did stop she even dribbled enough so that she had wtted the entire face of the bricks on the brick wall she was sitting on. Then Mary stopped her piss. Mary then pressed her sneakers into the walls face lifted herself up with her two hands on the top of the wall. Then she stood there on to pof the wall and asked Linda for her black shorts. Linda handed them to Mary and she put them back on.

Mary walked down the wall a few steps and hopped down form the wall. Mary had done this so she wouldn't hop down hwere her piss had wetted the concrete floor. Then Linda got up on the top of the wall and she stood onit and yanked her dress right up past over her hips! Then she squated right down in a low squat o top of the wall and got ready to take her piss.

Now Looking right at Linda's pussy Mary had a thicker patch of blonde pubic hair above her pussy. Her blonde pubic hair was curled. So Linda was a natuaral blonde. Linda's pussy was bigger with a longer slit opening then Mary's slit. Linda;s clit was a fat short stubby pink one. Her vulavas lips were fat like Marys were and were a darker pink in color. It took Linda to piss hard a much shorter time then Mary had for Linda pissed hard right at the start of her piss!

Her stream shot out at a hard downward forward angle hissing extreamly loud. Her piss was was a much darker yellow then Mary;s piss had been. Linda's piss hit the concrete floor hard making a big splash and ran under the parked car real fast. Linda let out a loud sigh of relief. Her sigh could have been genuine or puroslly exagerated done on purpose but that would be hard to tell. All I knew as I watched Linda piss she was pissisng harder then mary had done.

Even after pisssing for better then a half minute there was nochange yet in Linda's iss stream. Linda had been silent up to this point. I did notice that she had her eyes closed ad was not watching herself piss. Now she did speak up and said; Now see I reall do piss hard! Mary said with a giggle; Ony becuse your bladder is bigger that's why. That made Linda do a short hard laugh.

Linda went on with her hard piss taking much longer then Mary had with her piss. But Linda finished up much dfferently then Mary had. Her stream turned right off like a faucet with no dribbling or dripping. Right after her piss stream stopped Linda just jumped off from the top of the wall holding her dress up and quickly walked out form behind the parked cars. I got a look at Linda'ass which she had large asscheeks firm well curved, and a very long curved matching asscrack that speretaed her cheeks well.

