A Dream Come True

5th November 2016, 04:09 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Disclaimer: This story is fictional, but based somewhat on truth. I am not the narrator.

A few nights ago I woke from a dream that left me with an almost painful erection. In the dream, my wife and I were walking somewhere at night and she wasn't wearing pants. She was walking ahead of me as I admired her panty-clad bottom, round and shapely. She looked over her shoulder at me, smiling, flirting. Then she turned around and gasped as I heard a hiss and her panties filled with warm pee. My alarm interrupted the dream and I opened my eyes to see my massive erection almost poking through my boxer-briefs. I turned my alarm off and rolled over to see my gorgeous wife rubbing her eyes and yawning. She also noticed my erection and smiled.

"Good morning," she said. I felt her delicate fingers touch the tip of my penis through my shorts.

"Good morning," I said as she eased the top of my boxers down and freed my swollen cock from its prison. I returned the favor by reaching my hand to the gusset of her panties and slipping my finger through to feel her clit. She was already getting wet, so I easily rubbed her slit. She scooted closer to me, still caressing the shaft and tip of my penis. I scooted closer, as well, and she guided my cock closer to her warm and moist pussy but stopped just enough for my tip to touch the lips of her vagina. We writhed and moved like this for a few minutes, kissing passionately, stopping only to kiss each other's neck or shoulders.

It wasn't long before I slipped easily into her, feeling both pain as I wanted to cum right now and pleasure as I wanted to make the feeling of her warmth and wetness and softness last as long as possible. She sighed and moaned as we gently and passionately moved together. Her sighs became gasps, though, and we quickened our pace. Her mouth opened in a loud moan and I could feel her getting even wetter. I couldn't hold on anymore and I also moaned and thrust harder as we both came together, crying out and then nearly melting into the bed as we finished.

Later, as we were getting dressed for work, my wife asked: "So was that just morning wood, or were you dreaming about something?" I must have blushed because she smiled.

"Guilty," I said. "I was dreaming about you."

"What were you dreaming?" she asked. I hesitated. My wife and I had never been into pee-play as a couple, even though she was aware that before our marriage I looked at pee-related porn and seemed to have a secret fetish for wetting

. A few times she had invited me into the bathroom to watch her pee, and once while showering together, I wouldn't let her out to use the bathroom, so she had said, Well, then and just peed in the shower. But after 15 years of marriage and three kids, those few times were it, other than some sneeze or cough spurts that happen to nearly all women.

"Umm, well," I said. I could feel my face redden. But my wife and I were also one of those rare couples who doesn't hide anything. I know that sounds hard to believe, but we are honest about our desires, our fears, our concerns, our feelings. If I find another woman attractive, I tell my wife. Rather than getting angry, she appreciates my candor and knows that just because I think a girl is attractive doesn't mean I'm going to cheat or even that I find that girl more attractive than her. Likewise, she is open with me, as well.

"Out with it," she said.

"I dreamt you peed your panties," I said. She giggled and gave me a look that said, You naughty boy.

"Well, you would have to get me really drunk for that one."

Fast forward to that evening. After work we got a sitter for the kids and decided to go out for dinner. We took a cab because on our nights out my wife and I both like to have a bit to drink. To embrace gender stereotypes, I like beer and she likes wine coolers and daiquiris. But we both occasionally order mixed drinks and on this night we went a little heavy on the rum: she a few pina coladas and me a few Cuba libres. As the night crept on, I felt my wife rubbing her bare foot up my leg under the table. She would smile at me and bite her lip. "Wanna get out of here?" she finally asked. Of course I did.

We decided to walk a few blocks to enjoy the night air before catching a cab home. We knew the kids would be asleep by now and it was obvious we wanted to enjoy as much of the night together as possible. Then, she said it.

"I have to pee."

I wasn't sure I really heard it at first. Then she reached down and held herself.

"Well, we can walk back to the bar," I said.

"It's too far," she said. I laughed. I could still see the bar on the next block. "Is there anybody around?" she asked. I looked around us and there was no one, except a few guys standing outside the bar. We were on a fairly secluded street with more trees than houses or cars. "Let's walk a little farther," she said. She took me by the hand and led me deeper down this tree-lined street.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"Okay," she said, not answering me. "This is better." This next part may sound unbelievable to you, but it happened just as I'm about to tell you. My wife started working with the button of her jeans.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Well, I'm not going to get my jeans wet," she said. She kicked off her sandals, unzipped her jeans and tugged them down her full legs. Now she was standing in front of me in just her panties and an adorable gray Minnie Mouse t-shirt she bought on our Disney trip a few years ago. It was snug enough to flatter her full breasts and womanly tummy. Combined with the gray panties with pink trim (Those are my favorite, I once said. They're all your favorite, she had replied). I looked around to make sure we really were alone. Two sensations overwhelmed me: concern that someone would see her like this (another man, perhaps) and arousal at how naughty and spontaneous she was acting right now. She smiled at me and bit her lip again in that way that makes me lose my mind every time.

"You're drunk," I said.

"Maybe," she whispered. "But I can't hold it much longer." She squeezed her legs together, and I stared at her like this, her full figure making her so goddess-like that I just wanted to fall at her feet and do whatever she wished of me. "Ohhh," she moaned. "I don't know how much longer I can hold it." I was speechless as she squirmed and shifted her legs. "Oh my god, I'm gonna--" She stopped talking and instead gasped as a warm stream of pee soaked the gusset of her panties and started to dribble down her legs. "Oh, god, that feels good."

I couldn't take it anymore. I unzipped my fly and took out my now throbbing cock. I walked up to her, but I didn't have to go far. Still peeing, she grabbed my arms and pulled me close to her.

"This is the sexiest thing you have ever done," I said.

"I know," she whispered, "and it won't be the last time." She unbuttoned my jeans and dropped them and my boxer-briefs to my knees. I kicked them off next to hers. At this point, I didn't care if anyone saw us. I just cared that I wanted her. I could hear the soft splatter of her pee falling to the ground as I kissed her. Then, surprised, I felt her guide me to her warm flow, past her damp panties, and into her soaking wet slit. The warm splashes of pee hitting my penis were so glorious I almost lost it right there. I thrust gently, letting my cock feel the warmth of her urine as well as caress her sensitive slit. She sighed as her flow stopped.

She surprised me again as she pulled away and then turned around, placing her hands against a tree next to us. She stuck her round and wet panty-clad ass out at me and I remembered my dream. I didn't hesitate and stepped up to her, eased the gusset of her panties aside, and slipped easily into her wet vagina from behind. She moved her hips and ass perfectly and I reached under her shirt to caress her breasts through her bra as she leaned back into me. I kissed her neck and shoulders and felt her moving quicker and harder as I reached my other hand to the front gusset of her panties and rubbed her slit. She moaned and I felt a trickle on my fingertip and then down the shaft of my penis.

"Oh god, I'm...peeing again," my wife moaned as I continued to thrust my cock into her.

"Go ahead," I whispered. She moaned again and I heard a hiss as my fingers, the front of her panties, and my cock grew wet with a steady flow of warm pee. It wasn't much, but my wife's moans were growing to gasps. I pulled out of her, though, and turned her around to face me. Then I grabbed her ass and pulled her close, slipping my cock easily between the gusset of her panties and back into her. It only took a few thrusts until we were both crying out in ecstasy, not caring if anyone heard us. I remained inside of her, even after we came, but started to pull away as I felt my own need to pee arising.

"No, don't take it out yet," my wife said, grabbing my ass and holding me there. "That feels good."

I laughed. "But now I have to pee."

"I don't care," she whispered.

"You...are amazing," I said. I kissed her again,enjoying the taste of her sweet lips and the feel of her tongue touching mine. I moved just enough to slip my cock out of her vagina but remain inside the gusset of her panties and just at her slit. I closed my eyes and sighed as my warm stream started. She gasped as it sprayed against her already wet slit and soaked her panties even more. I moved just a little and tried to aim my stream to the front of her slit, close to her clitoris. She moaned and was soon moving her hips again. Splashes fell at our feet as my flow increased. Then she panted and had another small but obviously pleasurable orgasm. My pee dwindled to a trickle as I held her close, hugging her, then kissing her softly and gently.

"Oh my god, that was good," she said.

"Mmm hmm," I said.

"A dream come true?" she asked, winking.

