Reality Pee Party 1-30-10

31st January 2010, 11:23 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

On January 15th Josh and I received another invitation to a "sports party" to be held on January the 30th at the home of Helen and Ed starting at 7:00 PM. (Yes the names have been changed out of respect for everyones privacy).

If this is the first REALITY post of mine you have read, I'm Emily, wife of Josh. Maybe you might want to read some of my earlier posts sometime. Were somewhat new to Golden Showers, as we both became involved just a bit over two years ago. Through a longtime friend of my parents Josh and I were lucky to hook up with a small group of others interested in Watersports.

Those of you who know us recall that preperation for our parties begins early in the week, when we start gathering clothing - mostly sweats, old shoes etc, and towels and hygeine supplies etc. These are tossed in our party bag which sits on the couch all week before a party.We also slowly increase our liquid intake throughout the week so by Saturday night were fairly well diluted and hydrated. The invite for this party required us to call the hosts immediately upon receipt. Generaly all our invitations are worded this way, no specifics other than its a "sports party". This way we can leave the invitation laying about without worrying about being embarrased if it gets innocently picked up and read either by family or friends who have no clue whatsoever what a Golden Shower is.

When we called Helen and ED they reminded us they lived in a condo and really had no decent place for peeing other than their bathtub but they were going to adapt. They suggested we bring as many extra bath towels and robes or sweats as we could come up with. They said after we all arrived they would explain. We did as suggested and arrived right about 7:00 PM.

Helen and ED lived on the 5th floor of a newer high end condo in a nice neighborhood. They have their living room, kitchen and master suit on one floor, and a large family room and a smaller bedroom and a second bathroom on the second floor. The only place in their condo thats convenient for peeing is their master bathroom, hardly convenient for a party. To accomodate the party they had placed a large sheet of construction plastic sheeting on the floor of the family room, Everyone was requested to remove their shoes so as not to puncture the plastic. In the middle of the room wa a small plastic wading pool approxametely 4 feet in diameter.

After the last (and fifth) couple arrived Ed and Linda explained this party was going to have to be a bit different due to the necessity of having to protect the carpet and floors. Unlike other parties we attend on concrete floors which can easily and frequently be rinsed off this night we had to make do. The hosts suggested shower receipents get totally naked and towel off immediately after so as no to drop outside the plastic covering. On the downside they said it would be inconvenient to empty the pool after each use. One of the husbands immediately smiled upon hearing this, I must also admit I was turned on by the thought of late in the evening laying in almost one full inck of pee only to befurther soaked.

The aprty started as ours always do, by us eating a light dinner - all participants brought something to share while the hosts suplied the sandwiches and coffee. Everyone brought plenty of liquids to share. No alcohol is consumed at our parties. Before we were finished eating one of the guys had to pee. Marylin (you remember her from other posts I hope) volunteered to be first. We waited maybe 5 more minutes and headed upstaird where Marylin layed down on her back (with her feet outside and flat on the floor). She was flat on her back from head to waist. The pool was dry as she was first. Her clothing soaked up all pee from two of the guys. Usually Marylin stayes dressedin her pee soaked clothing all eveing but tonight ahd to be different, she quickly jumped into a robe after removing her now soaked clothing.

The party continued both downstairs in the living room and upstairs in the family room, Televisions wer on in the background of both rooms, Whenever someone ahd to pee everyone went upstaies to watch. The receipant got naked and layed in the pool, while the provider generally stood next to the pool in order to keep his or her feet as dry as practical. After 4 hours of socalizing, watching TV, snacking, getting wet, drying off, showering off, etc, the pool was full across the bottom. Before leaving I asked if i could be the last in. As you recall i dont like pee in my hair, but it happens at a aprty and tonight it was necessary.

I took my last turn in, getting as wet posible with the now cold pee in the pool. Josh began by stradling my face. When he was done one of the wives took his place, others followed suit from either in the pool or right next to it. After everyone was done Josh got a motthfull from me and we headed to a shower after drying off as much as possible, Whilw we showered with another couple, a cuople of the guys poured the pool into a bucket and flushed it dowm, Cleanup was a breeze, the plastc was rolled up and taken to the dumpster. The pool was rinsed in the shower and taken home by one couple who brought their van. I'm sure we will be seeing the pool again.

I havent gotten into all details here but i did cover what i thought might me interesting. Agian its all real, thaty why we call it a Reality Party. More next time,Emly and Josh.

