One wonderful night

15th September 2010, 10:35 PM

Author: smokiejoe650

Location: hampshire uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 85

After many months of emails, phone calls telling each other all their wet fantasies they had finally got together. Meeting and going out to a little quiet country pub come hotel they had a lovely meal followed by a good drink till they could not take any more liquid. Booking into the hotel they went up to their room and started to make out here is the story of how it went .

He looked up as she slowly lowered her pussy towards his willing mouth amazed at how wet it already looked.

Reaching up he stopped her lowering any further and placing his thumbs either side of her pussy spreading her lips as far as he could, he stared up at her open pussy taking in the sight of it all, the way her clit twitched as his breath hit it and the pinkness of her flesh glistening with the juices that were already bubbling from inside her.

He poked his tongue out leaned his head forward and gently licked from the tip of her pussy down the grove formed by her inner and outer lips past her open vagina, flicked across her perineum then using just the very tip of his tongue and a feather like touch circled it round her ass hole, then licked back up the other side of her pussy again following the folds of her inner and outer lips trying as hard as he could not to touch her clit or the entrance to her heaven.

Once back at the top of her pussy he again licked down her towards her ass this time using a broad stroke of his tongue feeling her clit slide over it, tasting her glorious juices and bitter sweet after taste of her pee ass the tip of his tongue passed over her pee hole for the first time.

Nothing in his wildest dreams could have prepared him for the way she tasted. So very sweet, to his mind the way her taste spread across his tongue his taste buds tingling with delight sent a shiver down his spin he had never experienced before. Making his already hard dick throb with passion.

Pushing his tongue as far as he could into her waiting hole he wiggled it round lapping up the sweet creamy juices as they flowed from her, pulling back slightly he wriggled his tongue all round her entrance stimulating the nerves at the centre of her being. She shuddered above him and tried to press herself even harder against his face but as she did he pulled away, so that he was in control of how hard he stroked with his tongue. She tried again to push down on his face but gave up when she felt the strength of his arms pushing her away again.

She was squatted over him facing his feet, her feet either side of his chest leaning forward slightly supporting herself with her hands on his knees. Her head thrown back eyes shut mouth open her tongue dancing round her lips gasping as she felt his tongue. It seemed to her that her whole being was centred in her pussy every nerve sending wild electric shocks up and down her spine. She had even forgot the uncomfortable feeling of having such a full bladder in fact the weight of her bladder pressing down on her was increasing the feelings that were travelling through her. Never before had she felt such intense pleasure.

Leaning forward she got herself into the classic 69 position her breasts pressing against his tummy she could feel the juices from her pussy running down her thighs not as much as she thought there would be but that was only because he was catching so much of them in his mouth. In leaning forward she had caused more pressure to be placed on her swollen bladder causing her to have to hold her muscles as hard as she could to stop her leaking. To try and take her mind off her desperation she took his dick in her hand studying it she moved it side to side tracing all the veins taking in how his foreskin was stretched back so that half his dick head was showing, watched as a drop of clear pre cum formed at the tip.

She poked out her tongue and licked it up in pulling her head back slightly she noticed how his pre cum stretched in a string from the tip of his dick to her tongue She opened her mouth and lowered her head till the tip of his dick was touching her waiting lips gripping his foreskin in her lips she carefully took him into her mouth feeling with her lips the foreskin pass over the ridge of his dick she slid it deeper into her mouth running her tongue as far round it as she could noticing the velvet like feel of his skin, wondered in her mind how something so hard can feel so soft at the same time. Cupping his balls in her hand she tugged at them gently while bobbing her head up and down on his dick feeling it throb slightly in her mouth. Deeper and deeper she took him into her mouth until the tip of her nose was just touching his ball bag and her chin pressed into his tummy.

She could feel as she bounced her chin on his belly how hard his bladder felt as well and a shudder went down her spine as she thought of the release to come. Now that his dick was totally coated with her spit she lifted her head until only the head of his dick was inside her mouth then gripping his dick in her hand started to stroke it while licking all round the ridge.

He stopped licking her for a moment while he concentrated on the feelings that were coming from his dick. Oh how wonderful it felt as she sucked and played with him. He gasped out loud as her tongue flicked across the base of his dick just where his foreskin joins the head of it, she must have heard this and concentrated her attentions on this bit for a while flicking her tongue back and forward over it till he had to say to her «That's making me want to pee please stop I don't want to let go yet, I want that to be special for you.» Once the feeling of wanting to pee had subsided he returned his attentions to her pussy.

Sucking her clit gently into his lips he flicked the end of it with his tongue at the same time he slid his first and second fingers into her pussy and curling them stroked at her G spot in time with the movement of his tongue. He could feel the fullness of her bladder through the wall of her pussy felt it getting harder and harder as he stroked it. Pulling back slightly but continuing to stroke with his fingers he watched as her lips swelled and her clit twitched, her juices were now running down his wrist and her butt cheeks were clenching and opening in time with his strokes.

He could sense how close she was to coming now so returned his attention to her clit flicking it with his tongue as fast and as hard as he could, he felt her pussy grip at his fingers so he curled them a wee bit more pressing on her bladder from the inside with an arch of her back and a wild shudder she screamed out her orgasm.» OOOOH YOUUUUUUUU Bastard» she screamed. Then exploded with a mixture of pee and come soaking him filling his mouth till it overflowed across his cheeks to pool behind his head. He swallowed as fast as he could but now she was in full flow her bladder finally finding the release it needed she peed for what seemed to be a full 3 minuets. He was in seventh heaven all his dreams were coming true the taste the feel and smell of her hot sweet pee was all he dreamed and more so much much more.

