On Holiday now (A new beginning) (Pt 3)

18th April 2011, 11:05 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

After our Friday night exploits we spent a nice relaxing day on the balcony sunbathing.

We went for an Italian in the evening and returned back to the apartment quite early. We had a little fun and games and went to bed early as we were both feeling a little tired.

Sunday:

It was a little windy when I went out onto the balcony at around 9.00am. The sun was shining but a few clouds were drifting across the sky. I felt a little cold so I went back inside and sat on the sofa with some coffee. Around 09.45am T came from the bathroom and walked over to me and gave me a nice morning kiss on the lips.

I made coffee for her and we sat on the sofa together for a while. As we sat there she put her head on my shoulder and said that she was so glad that she returned to Spain. She said that the week had gone all too quickly, but how much she had enjoyed it. She then had a little giggle.

I asked her what was so funny, but before she got the chance to reply, I said, I know Friday night. She said no, not just that, the whole week had been fun and that she had done things that she would never have dreamed of doing before.

T did some breakfast and we talked whilst eating. Do you have anything planned for today she asked. No, not really, why? is there somewhere or something you would like to do? She said that it was a little too windy to go on the balcony so lets go out somewhere for lunch later. Then come back here and spend the afternoon relaxing. Sounds good to me I said.

We went for lunch at about 1.30pm. T was wearing a tight pair of black and white striped pair of pants, these made her legs look so long and they were tight around her nice shaped butt. She had on a black top and she looked so good with her blonde hair blowing around in the breeze.

We had our lunch and paid the bill and had begun to walk back to the apartment when she said that she needed to pee, I just laughed and said, it is daylight where are you going to go? To the public toilets, she replied. I just said OK I would probably go for a pee as well.

We arrived at the toilets and I walked into the mens, I got inside and I heard her call me, I went out again and she asked if there was anyone in their. I said no, why?. With that she walked right past me and into the mens toilet. I followed her in and she had started to pull het tight stripe pants down with her butt facing the urinal, I noticed that she had no panties on. At this point I would love someone to have taken a picture, no, not of T, but of my face. I think my jaw just dropped.

She bent forward and began to piss in the urinal and I had a pee as well next to her, but only a shortish one. T had not finished and I said that she had better hurry in case someone walked in. She just shrugged her shoulders and giggled. T finished and I had already got her some paper from one of the stalls. I kneeled down and parted her legs as much as I could and begun to lick her wet cunt, then I wiped her, she then pulled up her tight pants. As we were walking out two men were coming in, one of them gave T a really funny look, as if to say, this is the mens!

I said to her, had you planned that. She said no I just felt like it at that moment. I always wanted to do that she said. We just laughed and carried on walking.

The remainder of the day was spent in and out of bed. Having great sex and going for a cigarette once in a while.

This is quite short today as T and I are going out. I asked T this morning if she wanted to get caught peeing yesterday in the mens, she said she did not mind if she did, but it was more for us to enjoy.

