Another wetting at the beach

14th May 2009, 12:30 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi!

I just saw that an old thread from 2004 about peeing on the beach was bumped up in General Chat. It made a lot of memories pop up in my head... Oh, yeah... A beach offers so many opportunities of wonderful and thrilling experiencies... I think I've told about some of mine in the past. But I have lots of others, not yet told... Just now I remember one that occurred a couple of years ago. It was short but it made me very aroused... (It still is...)

I was lying on my big towel, wearing a white bikini. The sun was warm and nice. I had been reading a book and drinking a lot of mineral water and coca cola. Now I just rested, very relaxed, enjoying the sun and the feeling of my bladder filling up. A feeling that made me a bit naughty... So I decided not to fight my increasing need to pee and ... quite simply I let go not trying to hold back of the force! And a couple of litres of water and coke resulted in instantly totally wet panties when torrents of pee forced their way through them! And I felt that I was probably going to pee for ever...

Suddenly it felt a bit chillier... I opened one eye a little and noticed that my body was covered by a shadow. When I focused my eye I saw that the shadow emanated from two young girls, maybe in their twenties, who stood close to my feet and looked down at me! They giggled and whispered but I couldn't hear much more than ..."wetting"... and ..."sleeping"... Obviously they thought that I was wetting myself in my sleep!

I continued peeing myself for more than a minute... I think... When I'd finished, I noticed that the shadow vanished and I felt the warm sun on my body again. I looked up and saw that they were heading down to the water.

Wetting myself so forcefully had made me very horny, almost on the brink to an orgasm! I thought I could do something about that in the water so I stood up and followed after the girls.

When the water reached them just under their breasts, they stopped. I passed them and stopped about five feet from them. I turned a bit so that I could watch them and I saw that they recognized me... Then I put one hand inside my bikini panties and began to stroke my pussy... The very first touch made my whole body to contract and I lost my balance and vanished under the water! My God! I was so sensitive! Blubbling and spitting sea water I stood up again and continued to caress my pussy, very gently touching my stiff, erected clit! I couldn't help groaning loud when I rapidly approached a climax! Through halfclosed eyes I watched the girls... they were staring at me with their mouths open! My orgasm hit me so hard that I took another dive under the water! Maybe that was lucky because in that way the girls couldn't hear my wild screams!!

When my orgasm had ebbed out, I rinsed my panties and washed my pussy and then I walked, rather proudly, back to the beach and my wet bath towel...

It's almost always so much fun at the beach!!!

Yvette

