Desperate at the movies (m, fiction)

3rd September 2007, 09:46 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Darren Korsovich had a problem. A big problem...one that was sitting painful and rock-hard just below his abdomen, and it wasn't an erection. He shifted uncomfortably and felt the contents of his bursting bladder slosh back and forth, threatening at any moment to overtake his quivering muscles and burst forth into his pants. He squeezed his dick through his pants pocket, cursing the near 3-hour length of the film and the discount theater's lack of working bathrooms. The large Coke and refill he had drank had caught up to him with a vengance...but if he left the theater to find somewhere to piss, he'd never hear the end of it from his loudmouth friend Cody, who sat two seats down from him with his legs propped up.

A straining, painful surge coursed through Darren's body, his bladder's last desperate attempts to warn him before it was too late. He clutched his cock with both hands, lifting up from his seat, trying somehow to lessen the pressure. Cody looked over and laughed.

"What the fuck are you doing, man, calisthenics?"

"Shut up, douchebag."

"Aww, does Darren have to pee-pee?"

Darren shot him an intensely cold look and bit his tongue as he felt his muscles flutter and let out a tiny squirt of urine, slipping out from the end of his dick, soaking hot and wet into the fabric of his jeans. He bent forward and twisted his legs together. Cody slapped his knees and laughed, making such noise that people around them turned to give disapproving looks.

"Shut the fuck up!" hissed Darren. "This isn't funny!"

"Christ man! Just go out back!" Cody snickered, staring at the dark spot on Darren's jeans, his twisting legs, his kneading fingers. "Unless you brought a fucking diaper!"

Darren reached over and shoved Cody angrily, his other hand clutched around his dick. He couldn't possibly keep holding it. He felt surging waves of pressure with every movement, tight hot raging floods kept back by a straining, rock-hard bladder, stretched to exhaustion. Cody shoved him back roughly and his bladder muscles burned and shook and quivered and a hot jet of piss slashed out, stinging warm around his balls and hissing into the denim until he managed with the last of his strength to stem the flow. His face was red and burning. Cody stared at him and at the glistening darkness on the lap of his jeans, shining under the flickering light of the screen.

"Fuck!" hissed Darren, half-standing, bending over with his hands clamped between his legs. He stumbled to the end of the aisle, feeling droplets of piss roll down his thighs, trying desperately to make it past the rear exit. He couldn't lose control. No. Not with all these people, not with Cody. Somehow he managed to stand up straight and clutch himself through his pocket, scurrying past the rows, his mind filled with the exit sign. So close but so not close, with bursting hot waves pushing against him, thrashing inside his bladder, so hard and full that he thought it would burst like a balloon.

He grasped the banister for the three steps up to the platform before the exit, and tried to forget all the people behind him, probably looking at him. He had to make it. He had to. He hopped up the first step and a long uncontrollable squirt jetted out from him, spilling between his fingers, pattering onto the floor. He groaned. He hopped up the next step and then the next with a squirt of piss for each, his pants now unmistakably soaked, yet his bladder no easier to hold back.

Finally, desperately, he reached the exit. He slammed the door open and the impact of it forced another jet of piss from his tortured, thrashing bladder, and he felt control slipping out of his hands. He burst out into the sunlight, twisting his legs together and fumbling for his fly before he even took in his surroundings. The revving of an engine brought him back to his senses and he realized with a terrified sinking that he was in the middle of a busy parking lot, with no dumpsters and no corners to piss in. His bladder, so close to relief, protested with sharp red-hot slams of pain and dribbles of desperate urine. He whimpered and jiggled up and down like a child.

Looking frantically around, he spotted two especially close-parked cars and dashed in between them, grappling with the rough-zipping fly, praying for relief NOW, THIS INSTANT, before the floodgates burst forth, hot and torrential. He almost has it. Almost. At that instant he opens his eyes and sees, to his terror, a woman with a cart coming towards one of the cars, staring suspiciously at him and at the location of his hands. His entire being wants nothing more than to whip out his dick and piss, to void the ocean inside of him, to pour steaming hot long-held piss onto the pavement in a giant gleaming puddle...but there she is, staring at him, and his hands are frozen. His bladder, so close, can take no more. It screams for relief.

His muscles tremble and twitch and piss jets into his boxers at irregular intervals, until a sudden shrieking hot spasm shocks his sphincter and it finally fails ... just drops out, defeated, as Darren twists and squirms and clutches and jumps and as torrents of desperate steaming piss burst out of him, spraying from his cock like a firehose, spurting out through the front of the fabric and arching out over the pavement, pouring down his legs and soaking his jeans, turning them near-black. The asphalt beneath his feet glistens with streaming urine, dark and pooling and growing rapidly. The woman before him gasps and drops her purse. Darren tries frantically to stop the flow but nothing will. The battle is lost, the war is lost. Darren is wetting himself uncontrollably in the parking lot.

His bladder is still tight and hard but slowly the pain lessens, as the floods drain out of his body, hissing and splattering down his legs. He pants with relief. His face burns with humilation but the sense of pleasure and relief is overwhelming, taking him over until he can hardly stand. Piss pours out of him for what seems like forever, his stream so thick that it splatters the cars on either side and he feels a spray of it on his arms. The woman with the cart hurries off, maybe to call security. Darren can hardly think. Finally he takes his dripping hands from his crotch and leans against the car and spreads his legs, letting go fully.

The hissing sound increases in decibel and the huge puddle begins to grow even larger as torrents of hot, steaming piss splashes down on it. He has never in his life felt such orgasmic relief. Still pissing strong, he begins to grow hard, urine spurting up like a fountain from his stiffening member, spraying in a neat arc onto once-dry sections of pavement. He moans, completely forgetting his surroundings. His legs wobble and he drops down, crouching in his puddle, still pissing and pissing in the wide wet arc from his raging erection.

He works his hand into his pants and strokes his pissing member, the urine spraying as he moves it, wetting him even more. Pleasure surges along his cock like he's never felt it before. Licking his lips, he strokes himself quicker and quicker. His stream begins to abate but still surges forward, his bladder draining, the huge straining lump on his stomach falling back to normal size. His breath comes in ragged.

His hot urine runs all over his fingers and lubricates his frantic stroking, arcs and sprays of it spurting out in all directions as his hand moves as fast as it ever has, and his legs twitch and tremble as he reaches crescendo, waves of pleasure overtaking him as his stream finally dies down, fireworks exploding in his head as he shoots his wad. Everything goes black for a moment and then fades back in, and Darren is again crouched between two cars, soaking wet and stinking, standing in a vast shining puddle of piss with his hand around his spent erection.

