Camping Trip: Shock and Awe

8th September 2012, 07:44 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Alright ladies and gentlemen, I promised to supply the story which led to my ultimate interests in seeing women urinate where they please outdoors. (Like on plants, in creeks, and even on outside walls all while standing just like any guy!) I mean, we all believe in equal rights for our female counterparts, Right?

My apologies as it will probably be quite long, but I promise that's only because I'm going to do my best to allow you to visualize the very moment that I witnessed. Enjoy the story!

Let's begin.

It's going to be a beautiful early summer weekend as I've just got out of school. It was a Thursday. Upon arriving home, my Aunt called and asked if I would like to spend a four day weekend with her at her campsite in the mountains of Northern WV. She cited the fact that I was probably stressed as it was just after finals. Being an avid outdoors person, I obliged.

Fast forward to Friday afternoon after she'd picked me up and we arrived at the campground. As we were making our way to her lot, she noted that it was quite secluded from the rest of the campground. Upon finally reaching her camper, I had noticed she was quite fidgety.

We exited the car and made our way to the door of the large camper where she unlocked it. Her legs were slightly crossed as I walked passed her and made my way inside. I immediately noticed a bedroom to my right and a bathroom with a toilet and stand up shower to my left as I stood in the living area. "Man, this is camping" I thought to myself when I heard her yell to ask if I'd help unpack the car. "Be right there" I exclaimed as I was making my way back to the car.

As I approached the gray Subaru Impreza, I noticed that both passenger side doors were fully opened. I figured since they were already opened that we would begin there to unload the gear in the back seat. I walked directly past the front door before I noticed my Aunt in a squatting position between both doors, now directly in front of me. (Despite being in her mid 40's and having three children she still had an amazingly tight body. Standing just 5'3 and weighing only 125 lbs with light tanned skin and dirty blonde hair, she was often overlooked.)

I was shocked as my body stood frozen in front of such a spectacle. As a few seconds went by, I was taken back by the spectacle that was unfolding right in front of me. Her forest green, knee length, semi tight fitting nylon shorts were wrapped around her knees along with her white lace panties

. Her white tank top pulled up slightly above her belly button allowing an unobstructed view of her pussy. I noticed her pubic hair was molded into a very thin landing strip extending right down to her parted pussy lips. She was flowing at full force as she left out a little sigh unfazed by my presence. Her thick, light golden colored stream was shooting out of her pussy in a forward direction and blasting the pea gravel over a foot in front of her at the base of my own two feet. The gravel was wallowed out where her stream ended allowing her golden piss to form a foamy pond. The splatter from the stream was splashing onto my shoes and the bottom of my jeans easily identifiable by the small to medium sized dark pock marks left behind.

This probably only lasted 7 or 8 seconds (although it felt like an eternity) before I could finally stammer out " Uh.Uh.Uh..I'm sorry!" I retreated back to the front of the car while she finished up and wiped.

Upon finishing, she stood up exposing her pasty white ass cheeks and bikini tan lines from the side. She was wiping her pussy simultaneously. She then tossed the paper into what was left of the small pond of her piss watching it turn yellow and dissolve as it became soaked. As she reach for her shorts and panties, she again turned toward me putting her pussy into direct view through the rolled down window once again. This time I made no attempt to turn away as she was clearly uninhibited by the situation. As soon as her panties were covering her pussy again and resting around her hips she spoke.

She said: "I hope I didn't make you uncomfortable. I'm sure that wasn't the first time you've ever witnessed such a thing."

I responded: "It's no big deal. After all, when ya gotta go you gotta go... Right?" (Even though it was a big deal as that was the first time I've ever witnessed a female piss.)

She then responded with: "Yep. I'm sure you could tell that I had to go bad!

Sorry for peeing on you, but there was no way I could cut that stream off. I was in complete ecstasy." She said this giggling softly while trying to hide a slight grin.

I smiled and said: That's OK. You were obviously desperate. (Reassuring her I understood and wasn't mad about getting splashed. Little did she know, but it was actually a little bit of a turn on as I was now feeling the slightest bit of dampness against my shins.)

She finished the conversation with: We're camping. That won't be the first time you see me piss out here this weekend. (Forewarning of what was to come.) Now let's get this stuff unloaded so we can have some fun.

(In no way is this story incest, nor does it lead to anything of the like. My Aunt simply is unbothered by urinating outdoors or being spied in the process. Like myself, she believes it's a natural part of life that shouldn't always have to be shielded. Especially when dealing with the great outdoors.)

Before you ask, I'll discuss why the bathroom in the camper wasn't used in this instance in part 2. I'll just say that the bathroom was fully functional as the camper was brand new. Since there's so many stories from this weekend there will be several parts almost like a mini series. I'll try to have part 2 posted by tomorrow morning!

