Average life turned. wet! part 3

9th July 2014, 04:58 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 3

Rob had seen enough, "how to proceed without scaring her off and humiliate her and reassure her that is ok, should I be soft and gentile or firm and harsh and surprise her even more?" Rob thought.

He walked back to his car, went to a nearby seven- eleven, bought some water and started to fill up himself. Before leaving bought a few beers, went to his car to think! He felt free, he did not have to hide his desires anymore and just as the first sign of his bladder filling up he just squirted in his own pants, not enough to soak everything, but enough to feel a wet spot.

He drove back home, bladder filling up but not uncomfortable yet. Parked his car, made sure to be quiet, not slamming the door and not running to the house but able to control himself. By now the time was around 3pm or closer to 4, she did not expect him home yet. He walked in, put his case down and walked to the pool. Kim was still sleeping and not all of the pee had dried up yet. When he was near her, he said softly «Hi honey, home early!, could not be without you for any longer!» She woke up stretched her arms and realized again what she had been up to about 40 minutes before and was startled and stuttering.

He knelled near the lounger, hugged her and buried his nose on her shoulder near her neck and ear to ear. «Lovely smell» he thought, better champagne than this cannot exist. He kissed her ear and moved up to her mouth and tasted her. She pushed him back apologetic, «Oh Rob, I did not expect you back yet, sorry I am dirty, did garden work and I am sweaty and spilled some margarita on me and..and ..and», she kept going on on making excuses like her old self, possible the effect of the margarita had already worn off he though.

«Oh dear, never mind that» Rob said, «You smell absolutely wonderful, did not know your sweat could be so lovely or is it the margarita that I taste. Don't shower, I am horny and could lick it of your body, please let me!» «It makes me think like I am licking a wild Orchid with the rain had just fallen on it!», Rob spoke softly and sweet and kept on making compliments on how she smelled and tasted so Kim gave in and her pussy started dripping from excitement.

Then Rob dropped the first bomb….he said, «Honey, if I did not know any better I would even guess it tasted like pee, but then better! « Kim started shaking; now it was her that was shocked, was she found out?, if she would tell the truth would he be upset? Was it just a remark he made? Then it dawned on her! She smarted up and realized something… »Rob how in the world would you know how pee taste like,…Rob! Tell me!» «Because honey, because I have tasted my own sometimes and now I am addicted, I am a junk and I love the smell and taste of pee, yours is better than mine and what I taste here on your body is definitely your pee and I love it, can't wait to get a fresh taste directly from the source honey, I love you and everything about you! Let's get married and then we can say, «They lived, loved and peed on each other for ever after for the rest of their life» «Ha sounds like a Disney movie story» Rob said.

Tears fell from Kim's eyes, she was so happy, «Rob let's have toast first, still some margarita left in the pitcher, it is the best ever!» Rob knew what the margarita was mixed with, and they drank a glass and swallowed slowly. Rob undressed, dove in the pool and swam a few rounds and felt the urge to pee. He knew from reading her stories on «Peesearch' that she was wishing «her boyfriend' to pee on her. «So time for the next step», Rob thought. He climbed out of the pool, went into the house and picked up some soft outdoor mattresses and laid them down on the ground, put some towels on them and sat on it. Asked Kim to sit next to him and said to give him a hug. They laid down on their side kissing each other, and Rob turned a bit on his back half way but still kissing her. «Are you ready for some lovely rain shower dear» he said. Kim looked up «Dear, look up, not a cloud in the sky!»

Rob could not hold it anymore and thought «now or never, here we go». With his left hand pointed his cock up ward and slowly moved his hose point at his chest and let loose! Almost immediately, the first shot landed on his chin and that while he was kissing Kim! A little more directing and filling up his own mouth and Kim's mouth as well! Kim did not know how fast she had to swallow, she did not want to lose a drop! Rob and Kim licked, swallowed wetting their hair and there was plenty for «everyone'. Mattresses, towels, bodies, hair, soaked and soaked and a lovely scent started to linger around them.

Kim said, «He Rob, just like that night in the hurricane on st. Martin, soaked to the bone! I wished we would have gone further than, Oh Rob, I was so frustrated that we did not pee on each other then I was so shy, but I am happy now! «Rob, did you taste the margarita from the pitcher, and what do you think was in it!»

«I think I know honey, I have never tasted a margarita this good, as a matter of fact, make up a new batch!, I can go for round number two!»

Kim went into the house to pick up some more ice cubes, some lime juice and a bit of tequila and poured it in the pitcher. She was careful with the alcohol, she want to experience this afternoon as sober as possible to get the full memory of it and did not want to fall asleep again!

She came back in a whiff, pitcher full with ice and said «Ok love, time for the magic potion to make this the best margarita ever, my recipe, lime juice, tequila and this…» She held the pitcher about 2 feet away from her pussy and started to pee, without spilling a drop it splattered on the ice cubes and dripping down below in the jar. Rob took over the pitcher and moved his faced next to it. The splattering when the stream hit the ice fell on his forehead. The pitcher was filling up quickly and he replaced the pitcher with his mouth. Moving his mouth slowly towards her pussy as stream weakened.

They mixed the margarita, poured it into their glasses and toasted, drinking it all in one go! «Mm dear, lovely, but still something is missing, now you are here Rob, you have to pee in it as well, than we are both happy! And, new idea Rob, we can prepare the next time! Let's make some ice cubes of our pee so we can enjoy each other's taste even while one of us is away!»

They were both sitting again on the ground, on the soaked pvc beach mattress. Rob could go again and started peeing and making a nice round arch, holding his cock in one and the pitcher in the other hand and filling up the pitcher once more, mixing his pee with the remainder of her pee. «Pee-over-ice» «Let's call this drink Poi» Rob said, we can talk about it in public and no one knows what we are talking about.

Rob did keep it a secret for now that he had been watching Kim behind the fence and that he knew she was on «Peesearch', just so he could talk to her without her knowing it was him and to see if she has any more «hidden fantasies'.

To be continued in part 4….

