No hands

19th October 2009, 10:12 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

This is my story. This condition has been plaguing me all of my adult sexual life. I am not a prostitute or working girl. I am a sensual woman coming out and sharing this anomaly with anyone who wishes to learn about it also.

I was in my late 30's, under a great deal of stress, husband, sales manager position with a downtown Chicago Computer Software/Hardware company in the heart of the financial district.

I was attractive, sexy looking and smart. I didn't flaunt it, it was there all of my life and very well protected by my mother when I was young and even now as a Professional woman, and I didn't throw it around either.

I am a Catholic girl, we were discouraged from masturbation or touching our bodies, and God forbid having anyone else touch us, what a conflict going into marriage, but that is another story... Soon

I was on the train going to work one day, I sat across from a few guys I usually sit with and converse professionally while en route to our office jobs.

One day I suddenly felt warm, blew it off as "pre menstrual" stuff. My nipples were suddenly standing firm under my blouse, a warm sensual feeling in my groin became very apparent. Nope, I was not touching myself nor was anyone else. I suddenly realized I was having an orgasm. AN ORGASM, YOU GOT TO BE KIDDING ME??? As the wave of pleasure overtook me, I sat there blushing, flushing and sitting rather uncomfortably. It passed finally, and a few minutes later started again. Only this time it was stronger and it made me pee myself. It overtook my whole being again, my breasts were filled with hot hormones that were enveloping every inch of my bra. My panties were soaking wet, and the explosion within my core that slowly spread around my mid drift and up into my shoulders and down my spine. This was an orgasm I was not familiar with. Some of it was familiar but some of it was all new.

I stiffened in my seat, trying to control it, but it was so overwhelming. One of my gentleman friends noticed my demeanor and asked "what's wrong?" I whispered to him "I think I am having orgasms". He turned his head quickly to mine with an astonished look and said "No fucking way?"

These waves of orgasms continued for almost the whole hour of my trip to work. I had to go into the ladies restroom to disguise it, but the wet patch in my seat, was obvious to others.

By the time I reached my destination, I was exhausted to say the least. I was a runner then, and this experience made me feel like I had been running around the block for hours. I was ready for a shower, to say the least.

I got to my office, I had a sales meeting in an hour with some new clients seeking our Accounting Software and programmer assistance contract. Freshened up as well as I could had some coffee, went into the meeting confidently, knowing our company would get it.

About 1/2 hour into the meeting, the warmth between my groin was starting. My breasts again started filling with those hot hormones again, I was getting flushed and blushed too. OMG OMG I am doing it again, how can I disguise this while doing this presentation??? I left the room, waves of orgasms at least 10 of them starting from the smallest to the earth quake variety finally subsided. I had wet myself totally too.My co worker came in and I had to tell her everything and she had to resume the presentation without me.

"What the hell is going on?" I asked my Gynecologist I am getting these things anytime they feel like it, I cannot control it, it is waking me up at night and my husband is going nuts. She didn't have a clue, sent me home with some tranquilizers, that I refused to use.

The nights for lovemaking with my husband were always great, but now I had this curse. He sat there watching me, writhe in ecstasy and pleasure without his assistance, he quite enjoyed it and so do I.

