Kryssie and Martin Part three

28th January 2011, 01:51 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Kryssie meets Martin Part three

We left Kryssie's apartment around eight thirty, I was predictably wearing my hawaian shirt and shorts and making a mental note to use some of my money to buy a tee shirt and some cheap jeans the following day. Kryssie told me not to worry about my clothes, that she was sure we'd see all manner of strange attire before the night was over, easy for her to say, she'd changed into a short black dress with a pair of very skimpy black panties underneath and a pair of plain sandals, the overall effect was simple but elegant and, as she was again bra-less, very sexy too.

We'd only walked a couple of hundred metres when Kryssie stopped to look in a shop window, quite why she was looking in a hardware shop I couldn't fathom, but I stood beside her and tried to feign some interest. Just at that moment I was aware of a dripping sound, looking around me I couldn't work out where it was coming from, until I looked down at the ground and there, just by Kryssie's right foot, was a small puddle.

Kryssie looked at me and grinned then taking my hand, set off again along the street. A short while later we stopped again outside a another shop, this time I stared straight at Kryssie's legs and was rewarded by the sight of a thin trickle of pee snaking its way down her leg and over her foot to form another small puddle. Kryssie reached down to feel my cock through my shorts, when her hand encountered my rigid tool she smiled and kissed me.

"just checking to make sure I'm having the desired effect"

We stopped in the doorway to a small jewellers shop, checking to make sure we couldn't be easily seen I slipped my hand up Kryssie's dress and cupped her pussy. Almost immediately I was rewarded by a warm flood which stopped as quickly as it had started. I gave her panty covered pussy a quick rub, eliciting a soft sigh, then tasted my fingers.

"Mmmm sweet and salty"

Kryssie took my hand and rubbed it over her pussy, taking this as a hint I slipped a finger inside her panties and gave her clit a gentle rub before inserting a finger just a little way inside her, gently fingering her tight hole. This time when I took my finger out Kryssie quickly guided it to her own mouth and sucked it deep inside then kissed me, forcing her tongue between my lips so I could taste her juices.

While our mouths were locked together I slid my hand between us, gently massaging Kryssie's pussy through her panties

, almost immediately she started humming and pushing back against my probing fingers, I alternated between shallow finger fucking and gentle clit rubbing until, with a soft grunt, and a final thrust of her hips she orgasmed, once again squirting my hand with a mixture of cum and pee.

Kryssie dragged me further into the shadows and dropping to her knees yanked my shorts down until my hard member sprang to attention in the warm evening air, she quickly took me deeply in her mouth, then sucking hard began to wank me, slowly at first, but then faster and faster. I could feel the delicious ache starting deep in my balls and beginning to radiate upwards. There was another feeling however, one which was more urgent

I stopped her before the inevitable finale and brought her head level with mine. Kryssie looked puzzled and a little hurt and was about to say something when I interrupted.

"I absolutely HAVE to piss right now!!!"

Kryssie grinned and pulled up my shorts, it was my turn to look puzzled.

"what are you doing?"

"Nothing" she replied, trying to look innocent and angelic

Then looking directly into my eyes she placed a hand just below my belly button and pressed hard.

"Owwww"

Kryssie kissed me hard on the lips, all the time maintaining pressure on my very full bladder, then taking a firm grip on both of my hands, raised them to shoulder height, still kissing me,she pushed herself hard against me.

It would probably have been easy to get myself free, and I'm sure if I'd struggled Kryssie would have released me immediately, but clearly that was not the object of the game she was playing. I lifted my head away from her, breaking the contact between our lips.

" If you don't let go of my hands, I'm going to wet myself" I whispered

Stepping back, but still holding my hands at arms length, Kryssie stared fixedly at my shorts, seconds later a small dark patch appeared which quickly expanded, and large golden stream flooded down my legs.

Kryssie let go of her grip on my hands and hesitantly took hold of my pissing cock through my shorts squeezing it gently. The flow stopped immediately and Kryssie rubbed me through my shorts before once again pulling them down enough to release my cock. Taking it gently in her hand she looked at me expectantly and I started to release a small trickle, Kryssie guided the stream onto her thigh and we both watched it flow quickly down her leg to join the large puddle gathering between us. Lifting the hem of her dress with one hand, Kryssie moved forwards and pressed my still pissing cock against her panties

, using it to rub herself through the sopping wet material. Eventually the flow stopped and she adjusted her dress while I slipped my cock into a pair of extremely wet shorts.

"Thank you, that was soooooo horny" Kryssie whispered

"And I'm sooooo wet, and thats not a good thing to hear from a guy"

Kryssie assured me that the wet patch was barely noticable, easy for her to say, I couldn't see a drop on her. I thought we'd be heading back to her apartment, but Kryssie had other ideas.

"Just a couple of bars, gotta refill for the walk home" she said with a mischevious grin".

The first bar was a fairly fancy place, sort of smart but casual, I felt completely out of place, casual certainly, but smart ????. Still the lighting was low so I might get away with my damp shorts. We sat in a small booth tucked away in the corner and immediately a waiter appeared, I didn't hear what Kryssie ordered so I asked her what we were having.

"Oh just a couple of cocktails"

The waiter came back five minutes later with an enormous pitcher, ok there was lots of ice in it but I'd guess it held at least a litre of liquid on top of that

"And what's this called?" I asked, taking a wary sip

"Multiple orgasm"

I snorted , nearly sprayed the table and had to swallow my mouthfull quickly.

"bloody hell, is there anything non-alcoholic in this??"

"Usually whipped cream, but I told the waiter not to put any in as I was on a diet... so I guess the answer's no"

"Kryssie, are you trying to get me tipsy?" I grinned

"Well, the sober Martin's fun... just wanted to see what the uninhibited Martin was like"

"Horny usually" I replied, slipping a hand onto her thigh and sliding it up under her dress. "and what about the uninhibited Kryssie??"

"Wild" she replied grabbing my hand and thrusting it against her damp panties

.

We drank the cocktail far too quickly, teasing each other and chatting about this and that, Kryssie unloaded some of the tale about why she and her boyfriend had split up and I confessed why I didn't have a current partner, it was the same story really, both of our relationships had grown stale and when the sudden realisation dawns that there's no romance and the spark's faded, its time to get out before resentment starts and the whole thing turns sour.

"Too serious" Kryssie suddenly announced "we need more drink, lets move on, I'm just going to powder my nose"

I was about to object that I thought the whole idea was to refill bladders not empty them, but Kryssie had gone, maybe she was just relieving a little pressure I thought.

She was back in a couple of minutes, so I stood up to leave. Kryssie took my hand and put something in it. It was damp and still warm so i didn't need to look at the object to know it was her panties

.

"Not fair" I said, "you've changed your knickers"

"who said anything about changing... I just took them off 'cos they were starting to rub"

Bearing in mind that her dress had barely covered them in the first place, this was going to get really interesting.

We left the bar and headed straight around the back, there was another couple there but they were far too engrossed in each other to pay us any attention. we moved a discrete distance away and immediately my hand shot straight up Kryssie's dress and onto her soft furry pussy, parting the downy hair and slipping a finger in her hidden folds, I was rewarded by a slick, creaminess and a very hard, prominant clit. Kryssie unfastened the top of my shorts and eased out my turgid shaft, wanking it she kissed me deeply then abruptly said

"Fuck me"

Putting her hands on my shoulders and hoisting heself up, Kryssie wrapped her legs around me, leaning her gainst the wall my cock had no trouble finding and entering her hot, wet hole and I joyfully thrust hard and buried the whole length deep inside her. She gasped loudly and then kissed me again, our tongues dancing and fluttering together. This was no time for gentle lovemaking, this was just going to be a hard, furious fuck. I have no idea how long it took but Kryssie suddenly went rigid, wrapping her arms around my neck her whole body started to buck and thrust against me, she gave a rapid series of loud moans. Her body went suddenly rigid and Kryssie screamed and came hard, continuing to spasm and moan as I kept pounding into her, cumming explosively seconds later and filling her pussy with my hot cream.

Very gently I lowered Kryssie to the ground and we stood panting together while we both came down from the orgasmic high.



"Can I have my panties back?" she whispered " I've got a bucket of cum dribbling out of my pussy"

"No, they're mine now, lets see how YOU like walking around all wet and squishy"

Kryssie adjusted her dress, pulling it down as far as she could, and hand in hand we started to walk back to the street. Passing the other couple the guy turned to me and said

"goeie een vriend"

I Smiled and nodded, and when we were out of earshot asked Kryssie

"what did he say?"

Blushing she replied " roughly translates as 'nice one mate' "

"Oops, didn't realise we had an audience, at least he enjoyed the show evidently"

"not as much as I did" Kryssie replied linking my arm in hers " do you mind if I lean against you, my legs are a bit wobbly"

When we reached the next bar I relented and offered Kryssie her underwear, I'd like to say it was chivalry, but in truth I didn't want other guys to see anything. It occurred to me that I was starting to feel very fond of the red-haired minx and was getting very protective. I expected Kryssie to disappear behind a car to put them on, but she thanked me and stepped into them right outside the door, fortunately, from my point of view anyway, there was no one around, but it occurred to me that Kryssie might have a bit of an exhibitionist side to her nature when she was a little drunk.

We had barely been in the bar for a minute when a very attractive blonde girl ran up to Kryssie and gave her a hug. The blonde eyed me up questioningly so Kryssie introduced us

"Martin, this is Lucy, Lucy...Martin"

"You dark horse Kryssie, where have you been hiding this gorgeous hunk"

"Not that its any of your business, but I haven't been hiding him anywhere, we only met today"

"Wow, fast work girl" turning to me she added "I'd watch out, she's been without a man for ages, she's so horny she'll trip you up and be under you before you hit the ground"

"A guy can dream" I smiled

Kryssie dug me in the ribs and explained how we'd met and that I was staying with her for a couple of days until I could fly home

"Bummer" Lucy said, "now I feel sort of guilty too, shouldn't happen, makes me feel ashamed of being South African"

I did point out that I had no idea who had 'relieved' me of my belongings and that it could just as easily have been another visitor

"Nevertheless" Lucy went on, I think you should both come round to my place tomorrow for dinner, its the least I can do to make up for the hassle you've had."

Kryssie went into an immediate huddle with Lucy and there seemed to be an animated discussion going on with a lot of head shaking from Kryssie.

Finally the conversation ended and Lucy said "Ok, got to go, the offer stands Kryssie, dinner at seven thirty, if you change your mind, give me a call,... nice to meet you Martin"

"What was that all about?" I asked

"Oh nothing", Kryssie replied "I just thought you probably didn't want to spend a boring evening making conversation with people you don't know"

I was sure Kryssie wasn't being entirely straight with me so I decided to probe further.

"She looked pretty pissed when you turned her down, I don't mind making some polite conversation for the sake of a friendship."

I ordered drinks and we moved over to a table.

I asked Kryssie again if she was sure she didn't want to go

"Ok, I admit it, I want to spend as much time with you as possible, I've found something special and I don't want to share you"

"That's a curious way to put it, it's only going to be a couple of hours, three at the most and she did seem very upset when you turned her down"

"You don't understand when I said share I meant SHARE, Lucy and her husband are swingers, they were always trying to get me and the ex to go round and join in, towards the end of the relationship I even began to think it might spice things up a bit, but I couldn't convince him, and in a way I'm glad, it would only have delayed the inevitable. Besides it's not really my scene, I get very jealous plus which I think her husband is sleazy."

"Ok I get the message, how about we go round for dinner, drink as little as possible, and if it looks like things are taking a turn we don't like, we make our excuses and leave. We could say I have an early appointment at the consulate or something. That way we've made the effort, you two can stay friends, and we leave with our dignity and virtue intact"

We were both laughing at this point

"Its a little late for my virtue" Kryssie said grinning "but we'll see, lets go back and discuss it more in bed"

"Great idea sexy, lets go"...

The walk back to Kryssies took a little longer than I thought, Kryssie now minus panties again stopped a couple of times to pee a little, both times when there were other people within ten metres or so,but they'd have to have had eagle-eyes to see anything until the small puddles appeared by her feet. I being much closer and with the benefit of knowing what she was doing was enjoying her 'little shows' immensly and they were having a profound effect on a certain part of my anatomy, which was causing a 'tenting' effect in my baggy shorts. This was not lost on the horny Kryssie who kept having giggling fits and kept asking loudly whenever anyone was within earshot

"is that a pistol in your pocket, or are you just pleased to see me?"

When we reached the car park from the first bar we'd visited Kryssie took me by the hand and led me between two parked cars, almost, but not quite within full view of the street, then facing away from me, bent over and played with the fastening on her sandals, giving me a glorious view of a cute rounded bottom and a hint of red curly hair peeking between her legs. She shuffled her feet slightly further apart and bending her knees just a little started to let out a dribble of pee which tricked down her legs, there was a slight pause then the dribble turned into a gush which fountained out, landing a good fifty centimetres behind her.

By now I was feeling a little left out, so I unfastened my shorts, took out my erect cock and bending my knees held it in Kryssies golden stream. Moving forwards I slipped it between her legs and rubbed it along her still peeing pussy, then taking aim slid it deep inside her and started to fuck.

Kryssie gasped and fingered her clit, small squirts of pee escaping from between us everytime my cock pulled out of her. Mindfull of the fact that we were heading to bed I thought I'd better save something for our first sex session between the sheets so I pulled all the way out and peed down between the cheeks of that lovely bum and over her pussy and legs.

Kryssie redoubled her efforts and frigging herself frantically came to a knee buckling orgasm just as the last squirts of pee left me. Leaning against one of the cars, Kryssie steadied herself and strted to get her breathing under control. I joined her and holding her tightly planted little kisses, firstly on her nose then all over her face, finally ending on her mouth with a long lingering kiss which left us both breathless.

Without any further incident we reached Kryssie's apartment, both of us stripping our clothes off the instant the door was closed. Flinging my shorts and shirt into the washing machine on the way, Kryssie led me to the shower and standing under the warm spray we washed and soaped away all traces of the evening's activities.

Lying together on the bed we teased each other, me licking Kryssie's nipples to make them wet and then blowing gently over them to make them cold and hard, stoking my hands over her breasts, tummy and thighs, feeling her strain towards me, trying to put her pussy in the path of my wandering fingers but never quite succeeding. Kryssie started kissing me, a little peck on my lips, then fluttering kisses down my neck, over my chest, pausing to gently bite my nipples before continuing down my stomach, bypassing my rampant cock and down my thighs to my knees. Finally I could take it no longer and rolling Kryssie onto her back, spread her legs wide and crawling between them entered her hot, wet pussy and started slow tender thrusting which increased slowly in pace, depth and urgency until we both came in a near simultaneous, writhing orgasm.

In the afterglow of our lovemaking we made plans for the following day before drifting off into well deserved, and much needed sleep.

...So, what happened the next day?, did Kryssie and Martin go for Dinner and special dessert at Lucy's... Part four will reveal all !

