Nancy (Part III) (fantasy)

19th August 2007, 05:56 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

A university is a place of energy and vitality, but I always loved walking around the University in the evening. Maybe I'm weird but I like the cool evening breeze and the laid back atmosphere and mood of the place in the dark. Sometimes it seems a little creepy and spooky... but I love that too.

It was eight-o-clock at the Student Union when Nancy came hustling in, hips wiggling under her skirt, and plopped a stack of books on the table. I was sipping a piping hot cup of coffee and I had a second cup waiting for Nancy.

"I had to stop by the library for a pee, and I got some books on haunted houses."

"Really Nan? I thought the bathrooms in the library were closed for remodeling." I glanced at the book on top of the stack which appeared to be a picture book of haunted houses.

"Yeah.." grinned Nancy perversely.

"Then where did you go?" I asked quietly.

"I'm not saying." Nancy grinned even broader "Let's just say that sometimes it's easier when you're a girl and you can wear a skirt without panties."

Maybe it was my imagination but I thought that a man in a suit sitting a little ways away from us actually shook his head at Nancy.

"Anyway, so did you pack the sleeping bags, pillows and supplies." Nancy asked changing the subject.

"Yeah I packed my big hunting sleeping bag and a couple of pillows. It should be big enough for both of us."

###

We stopped by the store on the way over. We got beer, and two liter bottles of soda. Then we got a pizza from Domino's, and a large container of coffee to go from Starbucks. The evening was shaping up nicely. I was even starting to really look forward to it.

The Edwards house is well off of the main road with a private drive leading to it. The property is large and wooded near the road so I'd never actually seen the house. Nancy punched a code into the security box at the front and the gate swung open.

"Nan where'd you get the code?" I asked.

"Impressed? I have connections." Nancy grinned. "Actually I got a written invitation to stay here tonight, and it gave me the code and everything."

"So this wasn't a formal assignment?"

Nancy shook her head,"No, it doesn't really work that way in grad school."

"So was the invitation from the caretaker here?"

"I don't know really know who it was from." Nancy laughed, "There's no caretaker here anymore. The city is talking about bulldozing this place and putting an airport or golf course or something in here. In fact..." Nancy paused for emphasis "I'm sort of suspicious that this is somebodies idea of a joke... It oughta be fun." Nancy grinned mischieviously

"I guess." I agreed. I was reluctant to let her know how much of a thrill the possibility of the situation actually gave me.

The road wound in such a way that we caught glances of the house through the woods, lit by the cars headlights, but we didn't get a full view until we were almost right in front of it. It was a big spooky gothic stone building. "Wow it is big!" I marveled "It's like a small castle."

"Super cool!" Nancy grinned excitedly.

Nancy nudged me with her elbow "Look at that." she whispered. A little ways away, somewhat hidden under some trees was a van. Wires ran out of the van, inconspicuously across the driveway, and into a window.

"Ohhhh.. It looks like your suspicions were correct Nan..."

"They couldn't have expected a couple of jokers like us." Nancy smirked.

"Wait here. I'll take this flashlight and go see if this place has electricity." I panned the flashlight around as I strode up the steps to the huge double front door. The gittery feeling in my stomach was a little like being on a rollercoaster at the top of a hill anticipating the downward plunge. "Super cool." I grinned to myself. I wasn't suprised when lever on the large door handle gave way and the heavy door swung open, but I was suprised when I tried the light switch just inside the door and suddenly found myself standing underneath a grand chandelier flanked by stairways on either side that curved elegantly up to the second floor. Suddenly it didn't seem spooky at all. I tried a second switch and the driveway lit up.

Nancy got out of the car and victoriously punched the air."Yes!"

I helped Nancy carry the supplies for our party, um research project, into the grand entrance hall. Then I cracked open two beers and handed one to Nancy. "To a productive research project" I declared and we clanked the beer bottles together in a toast. We downed the delicious beverages in a matter of seconds.

"God I need a bathroom.." Nancy moaned pressing her knees together.

"Me too." I agreed as I unzipped my pants. I took aim at a large pot holding a palm and took a satisfying pee.

"Shame on you!" Nancy laughed. "I need a REAL bathroom. Because I'm very ladylike -- unlike my naughty guest." Nancy announced loudly.

"Suit yourself." I shrugged, stepping through the entryway into the grand front room of the house and flipping the switch on the wall. The room was so big that you could practically fit my entire house into it, but some big comfortable looking couches were clustered around a spectacular fireplace and I decided we would eat there.

CLICK! A large bottom drawer on a cabinet in the entrance hall opened itself loudly.

"Oh.. That's right." I said loudly, unable to keep a straight face, "This is a haunted house."

Nancy rushed over to the open drawer, turned her back to it, began giggling hysterically, lifted her skirt and sat down.

Loud splashing sounds came from inside the drawer. "Wow, you weren't kidding when you said you really needed to pee."

"God, what a relief." Nancy laughed, still peeing loudly.

After a long long pee Nancy pulled a small roll of toilet paper out of her purse, wiped herself, and dropped it back into the drawer.

CLUNK! The drawer slammed shut beneath her.

"Now I'm ready for some pizza and beer." Nancy flung her arms around me and gave me a bear hug and kisses on the cheek and lips.

"Mmmm.. Okay dinnertime!"

We put the pizza and beer on the coffee table between the couches and dove in.

Womp! The fireplace lit itself and began spreading it's comfortable warmth across the huge room.

"Pretty cool house!" I told Nancy between bites. "I didn't think that this haunted house would be anything like this."

"Yeah, I was under the impression that this place would be totally empty."

"Well, I hope there's a room with a big comfortable bed because I'm suddenly feeling kinda sleepy."

"Me too." Nancy nodded "You wanna go find bedroom for our sleeping bag and clothes."

"Yeah, we can eat this pizza later. Unless some ghosts steal it."

We headed back to the entrance hallway and up the staircase, grabbed our sleeping bag and clothes bag and made our way up the grand staircase. I think we were both a little bit too in awe of the mansion to find it all that spooky. Except some of the pictures on the wall were pretty bizarre. Nancy commented that whoever painted the one of the evil looking clown had a strange sense of humor.

We tried the first door we came to and found ourselves in a huge paneled formal bedroom with a king-size canopy bed prominently centered against the wall across from the windows.

"Kinda stuffy in here." Nancy commented as she fought to open a window. No sooner did she have the window open than it slammed shut, narrowly missing her fingers and shattering several panes of glass. Nancy jumped back and the glass missed her landing on the floor.

"Are you okay."

"I'm fine, but I'm already getting tired of this whole stupid haunted house thing."

"I know what you mean." I agreed. "Look at those awful clown faces carved into the woodwork on the wall behind the bed. It looks like they're laughing at us."

"Ugh." Nancy agreed making a face.

I spread the sleeping bag out on the bed, which amazingly wasn't dusty, positioned a pillow and lay down on it.

"You should try the bed. It's got a great mattress!"

Nancy lay down beside me. "Mmm you're right this does feel good. And I like the breeze coming in through the window."

I wrapped my arms around Nancy and snuggled intimately with her.

As I looked at huge ominous building in front of me, in the dark, I had one singular thought -- I surely hoped they had a bathroom because I really needed to pee. Huge gargoyle carved in dark stone perched menacingly over the door of the stone building, which almost seemed more like a vault than a library. Inside it was almost worse the air was dry and stale and the large hanging lights that lit the library were dim.

I caught a glimpse of a hooded figure step between some bookshelves "Excuse me." I chased after him "Do you know where the bathrooms are?" But he moved so fast that I couldn't keep up, and I was left standing alone in the near dark between the towering bookshelves. I considered peeing right there on the floor but decided against it when I spotted a man and a women seated at a table with their backs to me.

I rushed over to the table. "Excuse me, do you by chance know where the bathrooms are?"

The man turned to face me and I was taken aback a little by his grotesque and gruesome face and ratty hair. But he didn't say anything.

"Excuse me." I repeated as clearly as possible, "Do you know where the bathrooms are?"

The woman turned and looked at me to and her face was even more grotesquely deformed than the mans. It looked like her nose had rotted off.

And she didn't say anything either.

I was feeling even more desperate by this time. "Well?" I asked. But they just sat and looked at me stupidly. "Having a bad hair day?" I asked sarcastically and decided to give up on them. I was just going to have to find the bathrooms for myself.

I heard the creak of wheels and turned to see a woman, from the back, pushing a cart loaded with books disappear between some bookshelves. I chased after her and asked her about the bathrooms but she seemed to be ignoring me.

"How about if I just pee right here?" I asked unzipping my pants. But still no response. Nervously I pulled my penis out and took aim at some books on the shelf in front of me. But somehow I couldn't do it. I couldn't make myself go right there. And my urge to go seemed to be subsiding.

I glanced back over at the librarian who still had her back to me. She was dressed in a formal womans suit coat and pants. And her hips were shaply and erotic like Nancy's.

Carefully I made my way towards her. I could feel the bulge growing in my pants as I got closer. Then I pressed right up against her rear as I reached my hands around and cupped her breasts. Her body trembled under my touch and her heart pounded wildly under my left hand. Slowly I slid my hands down her body, my erection becoming huge, and I found her wonderful mound between her legs. I savored the feeling as I unsnapped, and unzippered her slacks. Then probing insider her panties I felt the curly hair that covered that wonderful part of her body. In another move or two I suddenly had my own pant down and I began probing between her legs with my penis and found my engorged, almost burning member, working it's way into her wet pussy, little by little stroke by stroke.

"Uh uhh uhh.." She started moaning in rhythm with me until it reached a feverous pitch and I exploded passionately inside of her, her body trembling violently underneath me, and a mind-numbing orgasm washed over me.

The orgasm subsided and I cuddled her close feeling her heart beating again under my left hand. Slowly she turned her face and looked at me...

"Nancy!" I said suddenly feeling suprised.

"I knew it was you." She grinned

"I didn't know you worked at the library." I said without thinking.

"Well I didn't know that you fucked librarians." Nancy shot back at me. But before I could think of a comeback I sensed that we were being watched and I looked over to see the man in the suit from the Student Union.. He just winked at me and gave me the "A-okay" sign with his thumb and forefinger.

"Who's that? And why's he in our dream?" Nancy asked me.

"Beats me." I shrugged then slowly opened my eyes.

I was lying on my sleeping bag, with my pants down, my arms wrapped around Nancy, and my penis buried deep inside her vagina under her skirt. The lights in the room were dim and flickering annoyingly.

Nancy pulled away and then rolled over so that she was facing me. "That's gotta be the first time I'm ever made love in my sleep."

"That goes for me too." I laughed. "God that was great!. Except we were in a library... which wasn't all that sexy."

"Omigod, that sounds like the same dream I had."

"Really?"

"Yeah", Nancy gave me a weird look, "Did you fuck the librarian?"

"You were the librarian Nan", I replied quickly kicking my pants and underwear off. I got up and walked over to the bookcase pretending to be interested in a big leather bound book on the top shelf. It was titled 'Ghouls, Demons, and Poltergeists." I opened it and was immediately repulsed and fascinated at the same time by the grotesque illustrations.

"Did you know she was me?" asked Nancy coming over to my side.

"So..." Nancy looked down "Oh.. you're peeing."

I aimed my stream randomly at the bookcase, letting it hit the books, the shelves and the floor as I flipped through the book.

Nancy stepped a little ways away to avoid the puddle forming on the floor and the splash of the pee. "Wow that's a really gross book."

"Yeah it looks like the Edwards were heavily into the occult and Satanism." I agreed looking at the titles on the other books.

"Look at that." said Nancy quickly. "The clowns on the wall now have teeth and some have their tongues stuck out at us. I don't remember that."

I shook my penis off on the floor. "This room is starting to creep me out and these lights are driving me crazy. How about we go an have some more pizza and beer."

"Sounds good" agreed Nancy, as I put my pants back on.

We were relieved to find that the lights were still bright and normal down in the huge livingroom. The fire crackling away in the fireplace made the room toasty warm but it wasn't stuffy at all like the bedroom.

The pizza was delicious and we dove in eagerly finishing off one of the two-liter bottles of Coke in addition to a couple more beers each.

"God I'm so drunk." Nancy laughed .

"Me too." I agreed " And we haven't had that many beers." The room seemed to pitch and roll as I leaned over kiss and suck on Nancy's breast under her lifted blouse.

"You know." said Nancy looking at a picture of a bloody man, on the wall, that I hadn't noticed before, "If there really are ghosts in this place, I'll bet they aren't the nice types considering the Edwards fascination with... omigod look at that!" Nancy pointed at a bunch of wires stretched across the floor, near the far wall, that appeared to have been torn in two.

"I'll bet those are the wires that come from the van into the house."

Nancy gave me a serious look, "I don't think we have to worry about this being a joke."

"Then it will make for a better report." I said attempting to put a positive light on it. I grabbed another beer off of the coffee table and twisted the top off.

"Time for some nudity and wetness." announced Nancy standing and dropping her skirt revealing her wonderfully womanly hips and her raw hairy pussy. She gave me a dirty smile and tossed her skirt onto another couch a little ways away. She sat back on the couch, spread her legs a little, leaned back and released a fountain of pee that splashed noisily onto the carpet and the coffee table. "I'm a baaad girl." Nancy grinned.

I merely nodded and watched with perverse pleasure, feeling my penis growing hard inside my pants.

"Ah that felt good." Nancy said as she wiped herself with a napkin. "Time for another beer!"

"You know, we really oughta do the grand tour of this place. Don't you think Nan?"

"After the beer." suggested Nancy as she snuggled up against me.

I grabbed another beer and was enjoying the cool beverage when Nancy softly pushed away from me.

"Watch this.". Nancy stood up and set her beer on the table. She pulled two of the cushions on the couch a little ways apart and sat back down so that the crack between the cushions was between her legs, it started as a trickle then suddenly a powerful stream of pee gushed out of her pussy and into the couch. "More wetness." She grinned and half stood so that her pee soaked the cushion under her, and then squatting so that she began making a big wet spot on the rug.

"I need to go so badly that the first pee wasn't enough" explained Nancy.

"That's a fifteen hundred dollar Persian rug." A womans voice said sternly.

"Not.. anymore.." Nancy began giggling hysterically. She was definitely drunk as a skunk. "Ohmigod.." Nancy laughed giddily looking at the lady seated on the couch across from us "It's 'bad hair' lady! Weren't you in our dream?"

"Stop peeing on my rug! Now!" The bad hair lady's eyes blazed an intense red color.

Nancy just stuck her tongue out and wiggled her hips a little to shake the pee off.

"I'll summon the oggart." threatened bad hair lady.

"You mean bad hair man?" I flashed her a smirk but realized that I was actually a little frightened by her.

"Young man there is a lot that you don't know! There are different realities, and different worlds, and you're damn sure not in the one you think you are. When you crossed through the front door you crossed out of your world -- and into ours. And you damn sure better start showing us a little more respect."

"Should you really be using those cuss words?" Nancy asked as she wiped herself with a tissue.

"I'm summoning the oggart!" The women bellowed, her eyes bugging hideously out of her grotesque face, then she was gone... Just evaporated into thin air.

"Whoa did you see her eyes bulge out there!" Nancy began laughing hysterically again.

"Yeah", I nodded and began laughing so hard that tears streamed down my face.

"I wonder why this seems so funny?" Nancy gave me a serious look. "Hey do you want to roleplay? You know... act out a fantasy."

"Here?"

"Sure, why not?" Nancy grinned then shot me a mock look of horror. "Please gorgeous stranger, please don't rape me!!" Nancy tore her blouse off and took off in a run.

I took off chasing after naked Nancy, my heart pounding wildly. We tore down a broad dark hallway, paneled with beautiful wood carved ornately, and into a large dark room which appeared to be a ballroom once I'd found the switch and flipped it on. On one side of the room there was a staircase that led to an upper sitting level which overlooked the ballroom. And under the staircase was a door. Nancy was standing in the middle of the room but when I flipped the light on she ran wildly for the door.

I chased and almost got hit in the face by the door as Nancy flung it open. Running when I felt that drunk seemed almost surrealistic.

"Wow!" I heard Nancy gasp inside the room. She must have found a light switch because an errie red and yellow light eminated from the half open door. Poking my head into the room I gasped as well. Under the lights on the ceiling hung rows of what appeared to be rotted human heads. To the right of the entrance hung a couple of heads that appeared relatively new. The walls were covered with black and white photographs of "ballroom activities".

"The appear to be pictures of drunken orgies." commented Nancy.

"Weird." was all I could say. Carefully I crept up behind Nancy and cupped her breasts with my hands. Nancy let out a squeal of delight and broke free. Out the door and up the stairs she ran. I chased after her but it was hard to see where I was going even with the lights in the ballroom on. They were dim and flickering like the lights had been in the bedroom. And the air was stale harsh and seemed to burn my lungs. But I chased Nancy down nonetheless and after a mock struggle slid my erect penis into her pussy from the rear and began fucking her roughly.

We both gasped and fell into the railing at orgasm.

"Gawd that was good!" Nancy flashed me a huge grin "Despite this less than perfect.. um room."

A tall hooded figure seemed to flash past us but it happened so quickly that I wasn't sure what I'd seen. "Time for some wetness." I told Nancy and I aimed my penis through the railing at the ballroom floor below. It wasn't as long or as powerful as Nancy's pee had been it splashed satisfyingly on the floor below, and it seemed like a pretty outrageous thing to do.

A blood curdling scream came from another part of the house, "Watch out!" yelled Nancy, and I ducked. A metal crowbar crashed into the wall behind me.

"Where did that come from?" I yelled back at Nancy trying to breath in the horrible air. But before Nancy could answer me she was beaned in the head by a womans high heeled shoe.

"You crumby jerk! I'll kill you!" I roared running for the crowbar. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I saw the hooded figure and I chucked the crowbar with all of my might. But I was really too dizzy to aim well and even though I threw it in the direction the hooded figure was moving I ended up throwing it too far ahead..

CLUNK!

"Omigod, I think you got it!" said Nancy rubbing her head.

I turned to see a huge hooded figure, standing next to the railing, turning our way. It was so hideous and gruesome looking that I felt myself overcome with fear. My knees collapsing under me.

AWWWWWWWW! It bellowed in anger blasting us with its hot breath.

But the shoe had already been out of Nancy's hand before the creature had turned, and now it spun surrealistically into it's face, the spiky heel of the shoe piercing the creatures red swollen eye. The creature flailed both hands into it's face, trying to get the shoe out of its eye, and it fell backwards over the railing. There was a loud crash and we stood next to the wall for a second pondering our next move.

Half terrified I willed my legs to work and I forced myself over to the railing.

"Did I kill him?" asked Nancy weakly.

"Maybe." I answered a little more confidently. I think he landed on his head. There is blood everywhere down there.

Nancy came over beside me and peered down at the creature lying on the floor below us, "I thought that evil demon things were supposed to be tough, like on 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' "

I shrugged my shoulders "Apparently they're not."

"Well should we go and check on that scream we heard?" asked Nancy.

"I guess.." I sighed "I'm starting to dislike this place."

"Me too." Nancy agreed.

We walked way out and around the hooded creature on the floor so that we wouldn't step in any of the bright red blood that was everywhere. The lights were brighter now and the air even seemed to be better.

"I think that I hear talking coming from down there." Nancy pointed down the hallway to a large door that had light peeking out from under it.

"Well here goes nothing." I said and pulled the door open.

"Our library from the dream." gasped Nancy. "It's just like the dream."

"And you put all of the books back in the wrong place!"

I turned to see bad hair man standing with his arms folded glaring at Nancy. A little further away a man stood shaking in the corner and a women was curled up in a fetal position peeking at us.

"Yeah, your filing system is stupid." retorted Nancy.

"Well you'd better get used to it." bad hair man snarled angrily, "Now that you're here we can get rid of the annoyingly pitiful University researchers you see huddled in the corner."

"They feed off of our fear." The woman on the floor said in a weak shaky voice.

"And the Oggert has pretty much used you two up." said bad hair man in a disgusted voice. "And your replacements have now arrived." Bad hair man turned and glared at me but was distracted my Nancy "What is she doing?!" he made a face.

The woman, who'd been on the floor, stood up and made a face. "Is she actually urinating on the floor?"

"We had a lot to drink" explained Nancy.

"That's disgusting." the University woman shook her head. "That's gross! And where are your clothes? There's a bathroom right down the hall."

"Well nobody ever told me where the bathroom was." I protested. "And I asked... A couple of times at least!"

The bad hair man just stood and glared at me with his arms crossed tightly across his chest.

CLUNK CLUNK! CLUNK CLUNK! A loud sound came from the hallway.

The University woman ran for the corner where the man still huddled.

"I summoned the Oggert." came the calm voice of bad hair lady. She was seated at a table a little ways away from us but I hadn't noticed her come into the room.

The hideous creature we'd encountered in the ballroom staggered, dragging a leg, into the room. His head was tilted sideways with blood still flowing out of it and he looked half paralized. Just walking was a struggle.

"What did you idiots do to the Oggert!" bad hair lady jumped up and yelled, her eyes blazing bright red.

"Bravo bravo, you took out the Oggert." The man in the suit from the Student Union appeared in front of us clapping his hands.

"I'm sorry master." the Oggert began shaking violently, turned and ran into the door way, than began throwing up violently on the floor. "Please.. Please.. forgive me!" The Oggert pleaded pitifully, apparently overcome with fear -- fear like I'd never witnessed before. Then the Oggert staggered and collapsed on the floor.

"He's dead." The man in the suit shook his head and grinned. "Killed by a couple of the biggest idiots who've visited this place."

"Well you're an idiot too." I retorted. "You're a bigger idiot than me!"

"I don't think you should say that to him." The University woman gasped under her breath.

"You're right I AM a bigger idiot than you." The man grinned perversely ear-to-ear.

Nancy stuck her tongue out at the woman.

"Aww.. what am I going to do with you guys?" The man sighed looking around at us. "I think that it's time to do a little housecleaning. And if you guys don't want to go along with the house I recommend that you leave."

"But we can't leave." The University woman sobbed "We're prisoners of this house. It won't let us leave!"

The man only smirked at her and repeated "Leave!"

"Well I'm out of here." Nancy said loudly and we followed her out the door. Nancy grabbed her clothes from the livingroom and we each grabbed another beer as we headed for the front door. The University woman and the University man merely followed us in a daze.

Nancy grabbed the doorhandle and pulled the big front door open, causing both the University man and the University woman to utter a gasp of amazement. The four of us were barely twenty feet from the house when it started shaking violently, then was covered in blue and red swirling light and disappeared.

The University man and women trudged slowly towards their van, and I noticed that she had a very nice shapely body. Her hips weren't as full as Nancy's but her breasts appeared a little bigger.

"Don't even think it!" Nancy gave me a dirty look and we climbed into our car.

