Megan's Gotta Go!

8th November 2012, 09:09 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Alright Peeseach, I promised another story of Megan, so I'm going to give you what you want. I apologize it took so long, but watching election coverage and work and what not. You get the picture. I said I'd relay a story about my girlfriend first, but I changed my mind. I'm sure ya'll will appreciate the decision as this one is much more interesting. So, let's begin!

Over Easter '12, my family and Megan's family got together as they usually do on holidays to enjoy a wonderful feast. It's been that way since Megan and I's childhood, so it's tradition for both of our families. It was Megan, her brother and sister, my sister, as well as our parents. Now would be a good time to mention that Megan and I both still live with our parents at 22 years old. We're both tight with our money. lol

Megan shares a pretty big age difference with her siblings, so she typically spends time with my sister and I in my room while our parents enjoy the living room and her siblings play video games in my sister's room. My sister's a typical 18 year old girl, so of course she takes forever to get ready, which was exactly the case in this instance. That left Megan and I alone the entire morning.

Megan and I spent the entire morning in my bedroom. She lied on my bed while I was at my computer desk right beside my bed. We talked about frivolous little things as well as listened to music. It was how we typically spent our time bonding with each other. Megan looked quite hot lying on my bed. She was lying on her side facing me with her arm holding up her head. She wore a pair of light colored, tight fitting jeans with a red low cut V neck.

The way she was lying on my bed made it as if she was a model posing for a photoshoot. Her platinum blonde hair had been flat-ironed. She tossed it behind hair to get it out of her face while she lye on her side, so it cascaded down behind her. Her blue eyes were extra bright for some reason, and she had porcelain skin from not being exposed to sun all winter.

Her tits overflowed her V neck and her stomach was slightly exposed. Her perfect ass was highlighted by her tight jeans as well as the fact that she had it "popped out" as she lye there. Her thighs looked as though they were going to split her jeans down the seams. Megan's outfit highlighted her bangin' body perfectly. Every time Megan would smile, her large dimples would appear along with her perfect white teeth. Her lips were plump and her red lipstick highlighted her porcelain skin nicely. Whether Megan knew it or not, I was definitely turned on seeing her lying on my bed in a seductive looking way.

She was there for a couple hours before telling me in a soft tone that she was desperate to pee. She left the room swiftly to head for the bathroom as she had been holding it for quite awhile already. It was typical Megan fashion to hold herself until she was about to piss her pants even whenever the bathroom was right down the hall. She remained gone for a little while before I heard someone rushing up the stairs. I just assumed it was one of Megan's younger siblings. Moments later Megan came bursting back into my room.

"Why does it seem that every single time I'm desperate to pee, there's always already people occupying the bathroom?" She asked in an annoyed tone.

"Did you try the downstairs bathroom?" I questioned.

"Yeah. Your sister is in the bathroom up here and downstairs there's someone already in the bathroom and my mom is waiting to get in." She said clutching at her crotch.

"Oooh. That sucks! My sister spends over an hour in the bathroom to get a shower" I teased her.

Megan stood in the center of my room dancing around clinging to her crotch. She was obviously desperate. Peeing her pants wasn't an option. As she stood there, I got up and relocated, this time taking a seat on the edge of my bed. Megan was just waiting to hear the bathroom door swing open.

"Oh my god. I can't pee myself! Your sister's clothes won't fit me and my mom will kill me if I pee my pants at 22 years old!" She mentioned.

She was right. My sister was a tiny size 0. Megan's thick thighs would never fit into a pair of my sister's jeans. In comparison, the curvier Megan wore a size 12. Knowing Megan was desperate, I figured that she wasn't going to be able to wait for a bathroom to free up so I decided she best come up with an alternative and quick.

"Well, you could always go pee on the back patio. There's like two feet of snow back there though because it hasn't been shoveled." I suggested.

"I really don't feel like going outside. I'll have to take the walk of shame through the living room because everyone will know that I'm not trampling through 2 feet of snow for the heck of it. Plus, it's cold outside and I'll freeze my ass off. Literally." She complained.

"What are you going to do then? You could try the downstairs bathroom again because you'll never hold it until my sister gets out of the one up here." I reminded her.

"Ugh. Don't remind me! I'm not going downstairs again though because if I can't get in I'll never make it back up here." She moaned.

She followed that with: "Fuck. What am I gonna do?"

Everything briefly went quiet. Megan still stood clutching her crotch, crossing her legs, and hunched slightly over. This gave me a birds-eye view down her shirt. She scanned my room briefly before realizing she probably wasn't going to make it to the bathroom.

"Shut your door and lock it. If I'm going to piss myself, I don't wanna be seen doing it." She commanded.

I followed as directed. Closing my door and locking it.

"That's good. Now if your parents come up, they'll just think we're in here fucking. No big deal. I kidded.

"Oh. Don't fucking make me laugh or your floor is going to get wet. Besides, I'm pretty sure our parents are already aware that we've been there, done that. I'm sure my mom didn't just assume we were playing checkers when she found us after that party a couple years ago. We were in our underwear, you lying down with me on top straddling you." She sarcastically said.

"True." I replied.

"Speaking of that, remember that time that we came home from that party drunk and you held me while I peed out your window? Could we do that again? You live in the middle of no where like me, so no one will see." She desperately suggested.

Uhm. Yeah. That would work, but it was late and dark that night. This time it's daylight and the kitchen window is right below mine. My mom's probably in there and she's going to be wondering when I installed a waterfall with yellow tinged water up here. Actually, I already got busted by her that way for peeing out the window when I was desperate before. If she sees a stream she's going blame me because I'm a boy, she assumes I'm mischievous, and of course there's the whole girls don't pee anywhere except the toilet stereotype." I forewarned.

She replied: "Damn. You're right. That'd be pretty obvious if she seen the flood that I need to release. Do you have a garbage can in here?"

"Yeah. I have a garbage can, but it isn't going to suit your needs. It's a wire mesh can which means you might as well just pee on my floor." I told her.

"What the fuck! I'm gonna have to buy you a plastic one so if this ever happens again I have something to pee in. I'm for real about to pee on your floor. I really can't pee my pants" She warned.

She began to undo her jeans. She was really going to take a piss on my floor. I couldn't tell her no, so I just left her go about her ways. It was hardwood anyways, so I could just sop it up with the mop when she was finished. She had her jeans undone and began to wiggle them done. They were so tight that she really had to tug on them. She pulled them down and stepped completely out of them before scooping them up with her foot and kicking them onto my lap. She giggled in the process. I'm not sure whether she meant to be so sexually appealing, but it was. I left her pants where she kicked them to cover the inevitable hard-on in my pants that was already growing.

She stood there now in a small crimson red colored thong. You could always count on Megan having a thong on. She almost never wore regular panties. It was fine by me as her thick thighs, wide hips, and big ass looked phenomenal in them. This was even more so today with her porcelain skin making her crimson red thong really "pop." She turned around so her ass faced me to lower her thong. She done it as seductively as I'd ever seen.

It was very slow, she kept her legs together, and she bent over as she lowered them. She got them just above her knees when her ass cheeks finally relinquished their hold and allowed her thong to snap free. Apparently she was putting on a show because she felt bad that she was going to piss on my floor. Either way, I was enjoying it thoroughly. She got her thong off, turned around and kicked it onto my lap also.

She looked amazing standing before me naked. Her shaved pussy resting between her porcelain thighs. Her puffy lips were also porcelain colored and her soft pink inner labia hung just slightly below. With her clothes on she's a 10 and with them off, well I don't think the male brain can process that kind of beauty.

"If you would, pick a corner to pee in. So this way it's a bit less obvious if someone comes in. I know you really gotta go, but you can't help it. Hopefully it doesn't find it's way through the floor and leak through the kitchen ceiling below!" I said.

Megan took a moment to look around to decide what corner she'd piss in. She then paused for a brief second.

"You have a fucking tree in here! Why didn't I see that before now? I'm going to water that fucker!" She said, borderline shouting.

What she had realized is a large house plant I have in the corner of my room. It stands just a little higher than me, so probably 6 1/2 ft., has three thin "trunks" if you want to call them that, and has what looks like palm leaves at the very top. It's in a fairly large pot probably around 30" diameter.

"I'm sure you don't mind if I pee in there do you?" She asked.

I replied: "Well, I was about to let you piss on my floor, so no. It probably hasn't been watered in a while anyways."

"Yes! I'll water it for you then. You might as well pull it over here and enjoy the show. I'll probably make a mess if I try to pee into it while it's in the corner, so put it right here." She said pointing right in front of where I was sitting on my bed.

I did just that. I drug the plant slowly across the floor being as quiet as possible as to not alert anyone down below what was going on. I positioned it right to where she had directed me.

"Alright. Take a seat right there and enjoy the show now." She recommended.

I took my seat as directed and was expecting her to walk on the other side of the plant to pee facing away from me. The plant was pretty close to where I was sitting not leaving her much room between the plant and me. I was surprised that she did the opposite walking between me and the plant. This put her tits literally right in my face. She took a step back to position herself a bit closer to the pot. She then spread her legs, buckled her knees just slightly, pushed her ass outward, and allowed the "tree trunks" to rest in her ass crack. Her face was right in mine and she was once again positioned in a way that I could look down her shirt.

"My eyes are up here." She joked as my eyes fixated on her pussy right in front of me.

She then asked: "Are you ready for this? I'm not so sure your plant is."

I looked her in the eyes which were literally inches from mine. She let out a giggle before saying: "We're so fucking wild."

With that she spread her plump pussy lips apart to get a clean stream and began to allow her bladder to feel some relief as the first few drops trickled out. She stopped to spread her legs a bit wider and buckle her knees just a bit more before she really let loose.

"Ahhh. That's a well needed piss. I'm glad you had a plant in here that I could water. It's that two birds with one stone thing, Right?" She asked.

"You mean you're killing two birds with one stone by relieving yourself and watering the tree." I corrected her.

"Yeah. That's it!" She proudly said.

She was building up pressure made evident by her hiss getting louder. Her stream was a laser shooting right into the dirt. It was quite yellow and smelled pretty potent. The dirt quickly became saturated which thus caused her pee to begin to foam up as it hit the dirt. Her stream was still growing. Apparently she had to piss even worse than she appeared to.

"That feels amazing. I had to piss pretty bad. If it kills your plant, I promise to buy you a new one. This is only the second time I've peed today!" She added.

"Don't worry. I'll just tell my mom she must of over-watered it. At least it'll be partially true!" I said causing us both to laugh.

She continued peeing. She was now at full force and her piss was pooling up on the top of the dirt. Her face was still directly in front of mine. She closed her eyes pushed closer to me. I was a bit perplexed until I noticed she was beginning to pucker her lips. I closed my eyes, puckered my lips, and also pushed forward. We shared a quick, wet, passionate kiss. It was one of the hottest, most unforgettable moments of my life. A passionate kiss while hearing Megan right there at full stream pissing in my potted plant. I was the first to pull away and open my eyes. Megan to opened her eyes and flashed her perfect smile. She knew she was being naughty.

"Ever kissed a girl while she took a piss before?" She questioned me.

"Can't say that I have." I told her.

"Actually, now you have. What'd you think.. Hot or not?" She asked.

"Any of your kisses are hot, but that was exceptionally hot!" I replied.

"You obviously have good taste. I don't know about you, but pissing on your plant is making me horny as fuck. Perhaps we can fix that after dinner?" She asked in a seductive way.

"Yes. We'll find a way to fix that for sure." I replied.

Her stream was finally tapering off. It seemed as though her piss was never going to end. She had pissed so much that her puddle stretched the whole way around the pot as the plant couldn't consume it fast enough. She stood over the plant while she forced the last few trickles out.

She then bent down closer to the pot and since she already had her pussy held open, she gave her lips a few quick shakes.

"Here, I'll find you something to wipe with." I told her.

"I stayed pretty clean, but I was just going to use my thong and then go commando. I'm gonna be taking it off in a little bit again anyways." She said adding a quick wink.

"I may have tissues you can use." I told her.

I looked on my dresser only to see an empty tissue box. Instead I opened my top dresser drawer and removed a pair of socks. I unmated one and tossed it to her and told her she could wipe with it.

"Some best friend I have. Allows me to piss into his plant pot and then gives me on of his clean socks out of his drawer so I can wipe my pussy." She giggled.

"You can thank me later." I told her.

She then grabbed her thong off of my lap and began to put it on. Once she had it up she grabbed her pants. When she pulled them from my lap, she couldn't help but notice my hard-on. It was obvious because it pressed against my jeans so hard it felt like it was about to break. It left a huge bulge in my jeans. Megan gasped and couldn't resist commenting. I was almost afraid to hear what she was about to say.

"I'm not sure I remember it being that big. It looks so hard!" She chuckled.

Just then Megan's mom knocked at my door and asked: "Is Megan in there?"

I couldn't open the door because Megan was still half naked and I didn't want to say "yeah, wait a minute" as that would make us look guilty. I instead opted to lie.

"Uhm. I think she may have went out to her car to get something while I change my jeans. I'll be downstairs in a minute." I told her.

"Alright. If you see her before me, tell her dinner is on." Megan's mom obviously didn't buy one bit of the fabricated story.

Megan was borderline laughing while she pulled up her pants while I waited for her mom to charge the door. It was one of those awkward situations for myself knowing Megan's mom was suspecting her daughter and I were having sex while she was downstairs. Megan was careless.

"Don't worry about it. I'm 22 and you're 22. We're both adults and if we want to fuck, we can. Besides, you can't tell me that you're going to pass up sex after dinner by the looks of your jeans." Megan told me.

She was partially right. I wasn't turning down sex with her, but that didn't mean I wasn't worrying about being busted. Megan finished buttoning up her pants while I moved the plant back to it's corner. I told Megan she could wait upstairs for a minute or two before coming downstairs so we didn't look as guilty of anything if we appeared at different times. Megan opted to not heed my advice. I opened my door and peeked out to see that no one was upstairs. I walked and and descended the steps with Megan right behind me. Before I hit the bottom, Megan's mom rounded the corner and started up. She looked at me and shot a quick sneaky smile, before saying: "There you are Meg. Dinner's on!" We got through dinner without incident.

After dinner, Megan and I proceeded back upstairs to my room and had the most intense sex that I think I've ever had. I can't speak for her, but judging by all the moaning and noise she made, I'd say she enjoyed it also. We dirty talked about her naughty piss and several times I actually had to cover her mouth so we didn't get busted a second time. Had we got busted again, Megan's mom may have gotten envious that Megan she would of assumed Megan was getting railed several times in a matter of a couple hours. haha

Everything worked out great though and Megan's mom often tries to facilitate us to start a relationship together saying she'd be so pleased to have a son-in-law and my mom does the same with Megan telling her she'd make a great daughter-in-law. Matter of fact, my mom hates my girlfriend now for the sole fact she isn't Megan. I'd hate to say, but I agree with my mom's sentiment as I'd love to have a relationship with Megan, but I just need to see where Megan and I stand first.

