The Start of Tina's Career, Part 1: Her First Pee Scene


2nd December 2010, 03:24 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

The Start of Tina's Career, Part 1: Her First Pee Scene

Tina Thomas hung up her cell and wondered what she had gotten herself into now. The eighteen year old blonde had just agreed to film some scenes for a company called Wet Pants Productions. These scenes apparently called for her to wet her pants on camera. «Oh what the fuck,» she thought, «it's a paycheck.»

Tina needed the money. Unlike many of her friends, who had gone to college after graduating from high school, she had decided that she was sick of school. It had been an easy decision for Tina to head to Fantasy Girls, a strip club, and work as a dancer right after graduation. It had also been an easy decision for the managers of the club, the nicest of its type in town, to hire her. The former high school cheerlead, dancer, and thespian was an absolutely stunning girl, had a killer body, was a great dancer, and really knew how to perform up on stage. This last item was especially rare in such a young dancer.

The short time Tina had spent as a dancer was just OK. She loved the money, had always found dancing on the stage to be fun, and, being more than a bit of an exhibitionist, enjoyed taking off her clothes in front of people. The problem was when she had to work the room. She enjoyed going up to the hot guys, flirting with them, and convincing them to buy a lap dance from her. The problem was that management made sure the girls treated each of their customers equally, as the money from the overweight, the elderly, the bald, the stinky, and the just plain ugly customers was just as green. Flirting with and giving lap dances to these customers, to whom Tina was not the least bit attracted, was something that Tina absolutely hated.

Still, the money was good, she didn't have to go to school, and, as mentioned, she really enjoyed the upside of the job. It was definitely a job that she had intended to keep. Unfortunately it had only lasted five weeks.

She wished she had never taken Harry up on his offer. That was the customer's name, the one whose libido had unintentionally led to her getting fired. Harry was one of the customers that she looked forward to chatting up and seducing into buying a lap dance. He was tall - probably about 6'3" or 6'4", she figured - and muscular. She wouldn't be surprised if he was an athlete from the local university. Best of all, he was a looker. The jet black hair, his eyes, his smile, his strong jaw - all had made Tina swoon. Taking money to grind up against this guy was almost like stealing it, she figured.

She was halfway through the first song, grinding her ass into his pelvis, feeling that rock hard dick under his pants, when he had asked her if he could pay her extra for a blow job. Tina had remembered what management had told her on her first day - that prostitution was strictly prohibited in the club - but she had always thought that this was said with a wink. Besides, they were in a private room, he was hot, she could never have enough money, and, if she had met him at a party, she would have slept with him anyway. What was wrong with getting paid for something she would have given away for free?

Unfortunately Tina had not counted on the hidden surveillance cameras in the private rooms. Management had installed them a couple of years before when the owners had come within a hair of getting busted for prostitution. They had gotten much stricter on what was and was not allowed, and while they would look the other way if a dancer stroked a guy's dick or let him lick her nipple, sucking and fucking were not allowed.

Tina had just placed Harry's dick in her mouth when the door to the room opened. A manager was standing there with a bouncer. Harry was escorted out of the club. Tina was given a pink slip and told not to return. Management hated losing her, but they would have hated losing their business even more.

Tina had considered working at one of the other clubs, but they were sleazy establishments with a much lower caliber of clientele. She wasn't desperate enough yet to take a job from one of those places.

During her short span at Fantasy Girls she had become friends with one of the dancers, a brunette named Janie, who had done some adult photo shoots. Tina had asked Janie to let her know if she ever heard of any adult modeling opportunities. Janie had called her earlier that day, leaving a voice mail. «Tina, hey, this is Janie,» she had said. «I just heard about a company looking for a couple of girls to do some adult video work. No sex is involved, but it is apparently some kind of fetish shoot. I'm going to call as soon as I hang up w/ you. The number is 555-3840. You should give it a try.»

Tina had called the number. They had wanted a picture of her, so she hung up, forward a pic from her cell phone, and called back again. The man had then told her what was expected of her, if she was interested: she was to be in two of three scenes, and in each one she was to wet either a pair of pants or panties in front of the camera. Nudity was optional. Tina was disgusted at the idea of pissing herself, but the pay for a day's work was decent, and she didn't have any other income at the moment. «Fine, I'll do it. Where and when do you want me to report?»

«Come to 320 Sycamore Street tomorrow about 10 AM,» the voice on the phone said. «Make sure you drink lots of liquids before coming over.»

«Fine, will do. See you tomorrow.»

###

Tina arrived at the house about 10 minutes early, desperate to pee. It had been an early start to her day, waking up at 6:00. She had no choice but to piss first thing in the morning, but had consumed four cups of coffee and several large glasses of water since then. She definitely could use a piss right now.

Tina walked up to the rather large house and rang the doorbell. The house was in a nice neighborhood, with an immaculately kept lawn. She imagined that it must be between 4,000 and 5,000 square feet in size. She wondered who must live there, and why they let their house be used for such a strange purpose.

The door opened, revealing a middle aged woman with a kind smile. «Hi, you must be the new talent that Tom was talking about. Come in, please. Oh, and I'm Mary.»

«Hi, nice to meet you,» Tina said, taking the ladies hand. «I'm Tina. Where do I go from here?»

«Just walk down this hallway to the living area. Ask for Tom, he'll let you know what to do. Oh, and may I say, you are beautiful. I'm sure you'll do an excellent job today.»

«Thanks,» Tina replied. She had to admit to being a little surprised. Mary wasn't the kind of person she would expect to be involved in an adult video shoot, especially one that involved pissing.

Tina made her way down the hallway and entered the living room. She found it bustling with activity. There were four video cameras present, two on tripods, and two sitting on a coffee table. There were five girls in the room. One was a really pretty black girl with a tight, athletic body. Another was a cute and curvy Asian. A third was a heavy brunette with an attractive face. Finally, the last two, both blondes, were overly skinny, and Tina thought they looked skanky. «It's a pee fetish video, not a Playboy shoot,» Tina thought as she saw the other girls. «I guess it's no surprise that they all don't look like Victoria's Secret models.»

There were also a couple of boom mikes, some guys that she took as crew, and pitchers of water, coffee, and orange juice on a table, which some of the girls were pouring into glasses and drinking. He eyes then floated to the corner of a room, where she saw two guys in conversation. For some reason the way they were looking around and talking gave Tina the impression that they were in charge.

She walked up to them. One was a middle gentleman, skinny, with a kind face. Her attention, however, quickly focus on the other man. He looked to be about thirty, with short, curly, dirty blonde hair, a muscular build, and facial features that looked like they had been chiseled out of stone. She couldn't believe how hot he looked, and made it a goal to fuck him before the day was over.

«Excuse me, I'm looking for Tom. My name is Tina, I'm here for today's shoot.»

Tina was pleased when the young man stood up and put out his hand. «Hi, I'm Tom,» he said, «nice to meet you. I'm very glad you made it.» It wasn't just polite chatter. Tom was awestruck by the beautiful blonde, who's very nice picture didn't do her justice. He immediately decided that he would film as many scenes as he could with her, making her the centerpiece of his picture. «Oh, and this George. He and his wife Mary have been kind enough to volunteer their house for today's shoot.»

«Nice to meet you,» Tina said, shaking the older man's hand. «You have a beautiful home.» She then turned her attention to Tom, whose voice she recognized from the phone. «So what do you need me to do today?»

«How full are you?» he asked in reply.

«I really need to pee badly,» she said. «I don't think that I can hold it much longer.»

«Great, I'll put you in the first scene. You would think these girls, all veterans, would come ready to go, but none of them have a full enough bladder. Why don't you follow Clarence here to other room, where we have our wardrobe? I want you in a tight pair of shorts. Pick whatever top and panties you like. After the scene, do you mind if we follow you into a bathroom and get your reaction? That part won't involve any acting, just an honest assessment, good or bad, of what you thought. Would that be OK?»

«Sure, but I don't know if your viewers will like my honest comments. I find this weird and gross. I'm only doing it for the paycheck.»

«Trust me, some people prefer honest reactions, no matter what they are, to fake ones. You'll have to act during the scene, but I really want you to be yourself during the 'behind the scenes' stuff. Go ahead and get changed, and I'll go over your scene with you when you're finished.»

Tina went into «wardrobe», which was just a bedroom with a lot of clothes laid out in it, and looked over the selection. She chose a white pair of shorts, a pair of white cotton panties, and a thin white top with a flower print on it. Looking at herself in the mirror she didn't like the panty lines showing, so she decided to go «commando» instead. This served to produce a camel toe in the shorts. Tina almost changed into something else, but decided that Tom's viewers would probably enjoy the camel toe. With that she exited the room and went back to talk to Tom.

Upon entering the living room she decided that she had better introduce herself to the other girls. She noticed that Janie had not shown up, probably chickening out. Of course Janie still had her job at the club, and didn't need the money as bad as Tina did.

She introduced herself first to the black girl, whose name was Tamyra. It was obvious that the two of them were looking each other over, knowing that they were the hottest girls in the room, thinking of the other one as their competition. The Asian girl, Tia, was real friendly, as was the heavy brunette, Becky. The skinny, skanky blondes, Jenny and Josie, were twins, and were a little standoffish at first.

After talking with them for a little bit she learned that Tamyra, like her, had originally taken the job for a paycheck, and had initially found the work to be a little disgusting. The sexy ebony girl had, however, grown to like wetting herself, and now did it in private, not just while on camera. The twins had, for some time, been into watersports, and had contacted the production company asking to be in their videos. Tia had very recently been introduced into watersports by a girlfriend, enjoyed it, and had answered an ad hoping to get a little extra cash. Becky's husband was a friend of Tom's. When he and Becky had learned about Tom's hobby they decided to experiment w/ watersports themselves, and had then asked him if Becky could be in some of the videos. This left Tina as the only actress with absolutely no interest in pissing.

After talking with the other girls Tina found Tom and started to discuss her scene. She was really starting to get desperate, and wanted to get started as soon as possible. Tom set the scene for her: she was really desperate to pee, but finds the bathroom door locked, with someone inside. She begs to come in, but the guy in the bathroom refuses to open the door. She was to whine, complain, dance, grab her crotch, etc., before finally losing it and pissing herself. Tina wondered how often this scenario had been filmed in these type of videos, as it seemed an obvious one.

It seemed like an eternity for Tina for the crew to get the lighting and the cameras in place. They finally did so, and she was ready to start. She looked around and saw George and Mary staring at her intently. No wonder the couple had volunteered their house, they were apparently really into this sort of thing.

Tina was relieved when Tom shouted «Action!» She reached out and grabbed the bathroom door handle, knowing full well it was locked. She shouted and whined, complaining she needed to go badly, fidgeted, whimpered, and danced. Tom looked on in amazement - he had never had an actress that sold the whole scene so well.

Tina finally reached the point at which she was planning to release her pee. To her surprise she discovered that she couldn't piss - her bladder was suffering from stage fright, a condition she would later learn was often referred to as being «pee shy». Knowing that it would look odd if she stopped and tried to pee while nothing came, Tina went on with the desperation act, while at the same time trying to relax and pee.

It took her a couple of minutes, but finally she felt a hot spurt of pee release into her shorts, some of it being soaked up by the fabric, and some running onto her hand, which she had jammed into her crotch to make it look like she was trying to hold back the flow. Immediately after that spurt, the floodgates opened.

Tina cried to the bathroom door, «Now look what you made me do! I'm pissing myself!» It was all acting, though. She couldn't believe how good it felt, the hot piss soaking her shorts, running off of her hand, and running down her legs. Also, the feeling of her hand against her clit while she was pissing was phenomenal! She continued to cry and complain on the outside, while, much to her shock, she was enjoying herself on the inside. Finally after a little more than a minute her flow stopped.

Shortly after it stopped she heard Tom yell «Cut!» Several of the crew members started applauding. She looked and saw herself in a hallway mirror - her legs still glistened with piss, her white shorts were now see-through, revealing her pussy and nicely trimmed bush, and her nipples were straining against the thin fabric of her shirt. She knew that she was a hot sight.

She looked back at the rest of the people in the house. Tom's dick was straining against his pants, as was George's. In fact, most of the male members of the crew suffered from the same predicament. She could see Mary's nipples poking out from beneath her blouse, and could also see that Mary had wet herself, and had a satisfied look on her face. Tia, the Asian girl into girls was looking at her with the same lust in her eyes that most of the guys had shown. It was obvious to Tina that she had done well, which enhanced her feelings even more.

Then reality set in. «Fuck, I'm wearing wet pants, and my legs are soaked in piss,» she thought, her emotional high now replaced w/ a degree of disgust, wondering why she had agreed to do this.

«My god, you were wonderful!» exclaimed Tom as her walked towards her, a camera in his hand. «Why don't you come into the bathroom and give your 'behind the scenes' interview, then you can clean up.»

Tina turned around to find that the room was now unoccupied, with the door open. She and Tom walked into the room, and he closed the door behind him. Tom explained how it would work. «I just want you to give your reactions to the scene you just filmed, your honest reactions. I'm not going to interview you, as past experience has shown that our customers love hearing from you girls, and despise hearing from me. You can strip out of your clothes while you're talking, or, if you're uncomfortable with that, keep them on. As soon as I give you the signal, you can start talking. Got it?»

«Got it.»

Tom picked the camera up to his shoulder and gave her a thumbs up sign, her signal to start talking. «Well, that felt surprisingly good,» Tina started, talking to the camera. «I really wasn't expecting that. But I can't wait to get out of these pants. Gross!»

She peeled off her pants, trying to touch as little of the wetness as she could. Standing bottomless, she set the wet shorts in the sink, holding them at arm's length before dropping them. «This would be a fantastic fetish if you didn't have to deal with the after effects. I loved the feeling of wetting myself, but I really don't like pee.» She peeled off her shirt, revealing her firm tits. «That was something new and interesting for me, but now I've got to clean up. I hope you enjoyed that. Bye!» With that she smiled at the camera, and blew it a kiss.

Tom turned off the camera. «Fantastic, thanks!» he said. «There are some towels behind you, and grab one of the robes hanging on the wall when you're done. We can then discuss your next scene, and you can start filling up on liquids while I film some scenes with the other girls.»

«Can't you give me a hand in the shower?» Tina asked seductively. «There I spot on my back I was hoping you could get.»

Tom wanted more than anything else to join her in the shower, but knew that the schedule was tight that day, and wouldn't allow for him to shower and fuck the blonde beauty. Still, standing there, with drops of piss still on her pussy, she was too tempting to completely pass up.

«I'm sorry, but we have some scenes I want to shoot at the pool, and we have to get to them before George and Mary's neighbor, a guy named Potter, comes home. His bedroom window overlooks the pool, and George tells me that at his best this guy is a warped, frustrated old man. Seeing all of us around the pool would really set him off. I would have time, however, to eat your pussy right now. Would you mind?»

«Sure!» exclaimed Tina. She was hoping for more than just oral sex, but it was a start, and she loved to have her pussy eaten. She knew that she would get him in bed soon, anyway. «Just let me wash up real quick!»

Before she could turn around and head for the shower Tom grabbed her and planted a huge kiss on her lips. He then started to work his way down her body, kissing her neck, sucking on her tits, and making his way down to her pussy.

Tina stood there stunned. She couldn't believe he was going to eat her right after she had pissed herself, before she had a chance to clean herself up. She looked down at him as he reached her crotch, and started to lick droplets of piss off of her thighs and pussy. Watching him do so repulsed her a little bit, but it was so naughty it also turned her on. She couldn't believe what he was doing, and how good it made her feel.

Tom was in heaven. He loved the taste of Tina's piss, and eagerly ran his tongue over her to catch as many droplets of it as he could. He then focused his attention on her beautiful pussy. He slowly started licking her pussy lips, then gently started to lick and suck on her clit. He gradually picked up the pace, and was soon attacking her pussy with his tongue.

Tina had never had someone so talented eat her pussy before. She quickly came, and, as he continued, came again. After her second orgasm Tom stood up, and Tina gave him a passionate kiss, forgetting, for the moment, that he had just licked her piss off of her body. Upon realizing this, she broke off the kiss, mentioning her need for a shower.

Before he left the room Tom brought up a small issue for her to think about. «No rush, but before we release this movie, we'll need to know what name you want to go by. You can use Tina, or create a stage name, your choice.»

Tina, a movie buff, thought of a name instantly. She was in a house on 320 Sycamore, home of George and Mary, with the warped, frustrated Mr. Potter nearby, and had even met a Clarence. «Zuzu. Call me Zuzu.»

«Zuzu? OK, Zuzu it is. Sometime you're going to have to tell me where that name comes from.»

Tina stepped in the shower and started the water, wondering what depraved thing they were going to have her do next.

