My first accident as an adult

2nd May 2008, 09:09 AM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

I have seen that some of the ladies on this web have asked for more accident reports from the men here, and even if I myself as a male do not get much out of reading about other mens accidents, I realized that women may feel different.

This happened one summersday some years ago, when I was driving my car. I had been desperate to take a leak for some time, and I was getting excited about it, but did not planned anything. I just wanted to get to a gas station, fill her up ( my car that is) and wash it.Then I wanted to go home, take a leak and have a meal.

When I started to fill her, I got really desperate from the sound of running gasoline. But when I drove into the washing area to give my car a manual handwash, that was when the shit hit the fan for real.

I felt the pressure building up to the brim, and then I realised I would lose it soon.

I hurried up with rinsing the shampoo off the car, and then I felt the first spurt of pee in my underwear. I crossed my legs discrete and managed to stop the flow for a while, and I felt pretty stupid out there by then.

Before I had finished the carwash, I felt another spurt into my pants, and this time, it left a wet patch at the crotch of my jeans.

Now I was in deep shit, because I lived in the 3rd floor of a block, and there was no way I could go home like that.

So what did i do?

I jumped in the car while I thought of a solution.

Right after, I felt another leak escape me and now I had to worry about the car seat to. Luckily, it had seat covers that would absorb some of the wetness.

Then I got an idea. I set of and drove to a nearby beach. There I could dry my clothes and get a chance to clean myself too.

On the way to the beach, I had to adjust my penis so that it pointed upwards, to spread the damage in my pants and try to protect the car seat.

I had a couple of leaks while driving, before I got there, but now it went upwards and hit my stummach, beore it seeped downwards again.

I reached the beacharea, but passed the parkinglot area to find a more discrete place to stop nearby, as I did not want to be seen like that.

I had to laugh a bit by my own situation a s well. A grown up man getting in such a situation like that.

Another problem now was how the heck should I dry my pants and be able to clean myself up, without anybody noticing me?

And where should I go the finnish peeing?

I could not go over to the porta potties at the parking lot behind me, because then I would easily be busted.

The weather was warm and the sun was shining , so the sea temperature should be ok.

Then I remembered that I had heard that some people say that naturists /nudists used the rocks and cliffs and a smaller beach area beside the ordinary beach, as a nudist place.

Maybe I could get away with it after all?

Now I have to get myself something to eat, and then I will continue this report later...

