Megan's Wetting Incident

9th January 2013, 11:31 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Hey everyone. It's been awhile since I've wrote anymore stories about Megan and considering that my life has been fairly boring lately (thankfully), it's a good oppurtunity to share one with you all! I remember someone requesting a story about one of Megan's wetting incidents awhile back, so here it is finally.

It was a beautiful day in the early part of June 2010. Megan stopped over at my place early that morning looking for something that we could do. We pondered what the day had in store for us until Megan had mentioned that she wanted to go to the gym beforehand. I'm also hugely into weight lifting and pretty much invited myself to join Megan on her trip to the local gym. After all, I was the one who got Megan into physical fitness and strength training just after we graduated. She was happy to have me accompany her and I of course was more than happy to visit the local gym to show off Megan to the regulars that I usually associate with there. With that, we each ate a pre workout drink and meal, readied our gym clothes, grabbed a protein shake for post workout along with a 32 oz. Powerade.

Upon arriving to the gym, we both set off for the locking rooms to change into our exercise clothing. I exited the locker room to the main part of the gym where the weight benches and machines were located. Considering it's a small town, inevitably a couple of my high school buds were there, so I took a few minutes to be sociable with them. Just as we were finishing up our short conversation, Megan exited the ladies' locker room and started heading our way. I noticed my friends were mesmorized as Megan approached us. Not that I could blame them for staring.

Megan had changed into a pair of black, extremely tight fitting yoga pants. They highlighted just how toned and muscular her thick thighs and ass were. They were so tight that you could see panty lines created from the skimpy panties which lye beneath them. She wore a neon green sports bra above that which strained to keep her well endowed tits from bouncing aroud. Her bra allowed a bit of cleavage to be exposed unlike a lot of sports bras. It was certainly a welcome sight. She was sporting a dark tan which looked amazing on her bare stomach. Megan could be described as having an athletic build, yet still being on the thicker side. She sported loosely curled, blonde hair midways down her back with some darker highlights intermixed. Having little makeup on, she exuded her natural beauty she was known for.

"Are you ready to do this?" She asked.

"As soon as you get your bench set. I'll let you start off and I'll spot you before I begin." I replied.

That's the thing about Megan. She's always been a bit of a "TomBoy" at heart despite looking nothing like a girl who'd be interested in a male lifestyle. She would rather strain and lift like a bodybuilder with the guys than shoot the bull with the other girls the gym while doing cardio. We ran through the majority of our routines doing bench presses, squats, deadlifts, shoulder presses, bicep curls, etc. Before finishing up, Megan had already killed off her Powerade and was now making a trip to the water fountain between nearly every set of exercises. I knew that she was sweating a lot of it out, but she was taking in way more. We finished up and mixed up our protein shakes toasting to an excellent workout before downing it. We skipped the locker room and decided to head straight home without changing from our gym clothes. Despite lots of people finding sweat gross and nasty, we found it sexy and a prize of dedication and hard work, so it didn't faze us.

Shortly into our journey home Megan came to the realization that she was getting quite desperate for a pee.

"Man, I should have used the restroom before we left the gym. I really have to pee." She exclaimed.

"I'm sure you can hold it a bit longer. We'll be back at my place in no time and I'll even let you have the bathroom first." I reassured her.

"Thanks. You're such a good friend." She laughed.

My house is under 15 minutes from the gym and we were already over half way there. I knew Megan would have no problem making it. In anticipation of our arrival back to my place, I handed her the key to my place to unlock the front door.

"I'm going to stay outside for a bit and soak up this beautiful weather." I told her.

"Well, if you're not planning on getting a shower right away, I might as well not either and just stay outside and sunbathe with you. You only have a couple neighbors anyways and none of them can see your backyard, so I'll just pee back there. I'm sure you won't get mad if I water your grass for ya." Megan giggled.

"Nope. I was planning on laying on the trampoline in the backyard and getting my sun tan on anyways while soaking up the view of the rolling hills and mountains behind my house anyways." I explained.

A few more minutes had passed and we finally arrived back at my place. Megan was squirming a bit, but she still had her bladder under control. I made my way through my backyard and to the trampoline. I removed my cutoff shirt and threw in to the ground before hopping onto the trampoline and lying on my back to begin soaking up the rays. Much to my surprise, Megan had followed me instead of finding a place to relieve herself. She too jumped up onto the trampoline despite still squirming with desperation.

"If you don't wanna pee out here, I'll give you the key to go inside. I mean, you can go in, pee, and then come back out if you don't want to shower yet." I reaffirmed her.

"I'll be fine. You know I always hold it until the last second anyways." She mentioned.

Megan proceeded to remove her sports bra revealing her beautiful full tits. Her nipples were soft pink and puffy. She used a tanning bed all winter which meant she had no tan lines from a top. She threw her bra on top of my shirt on the ground before lying next to me.

"See. I'm not as afraid to get naked as you. Sissy boy." She kidded.

"What? I'm topless too." I shot back at her.

"I'm not sure it's the same. I mean, uh, you have pecs and all, but they're just not the same as my tits." She laughed.

I could tell she was growing more and more desperate. Her hand was cupping her pussy with her thighs clinching together tightly securing it in place. Her breathing also got a bit deeper which meant it wasn't going to be long before she lost control.

"You really don't have to hold yourself. I mean there's a bathroom, a yard, trees... Hell, go water my flowers in my flower bed for that matter." I prompted her.

"It feels good to hold it though. The only thing is, my hand is tingling because I'm squeezing it so tight." She explained.

"Well, I offered you my flowers. I'm not sure I'm of use for anything else." I joked.

"Let me see your hand." She demanded.

I obliged. We were both lying on our sides facing each other when she took my hand with hers. She opened her legs long enough to shove my hand between them and told me to hold her. I was more than happy too. I planted my hand into her puffy pussy cupping it firmly. She clinched her thighs so tight against my hand that she actually rolled my knuckles. Along with clinching her thighs, she also rotated her hips slightly in a way to grind her pussy further into my hand. She was enjoying immensely moaning and whimpering softly for a few minutes before relinquishing my hand and sitting up.

"I can't hold it anymore." She declared.

I expected her to get up and make her way to my lawn, but to my surprise she didn't move. She sat spread eagle with her legs straight out in front of her facing me. Her left foot rested against my thighs while her right foot was against my chest. Her yoga pants remained on. Only now, the outline of her swollen pussy shown through. It was merely seconds before a wet patch began to show. As the wet patch began to grow, so did Megan's refief. It was obvious that she was only letting out a trickle.

"Ahhh. That feels amazing." She moaned.

The trickle rapidly became a gusher. It became a thick fountain that no longer just made a wet patch in her pants. Her stream now pierced her tight fitting yoga pants before following the outside fabric down Megan's butt and finally making itself onto the trampoline. It made an unbelievably loud hiss as it gushed from beneath her yoga pants. Megan was now engulfed in the ecstacy she was recieving from her much needed piss. She let out soft moans with her eyes relaxed all while breathing incredibly deep.

All the while, her piss was running down the trampoline mesh before draining onto the ground, not before soaking my shorts in the process though. I certainly didn't mind and even made it a point to rub my hard cock through my shorts into the mess she was creating. It seemed like an eternity had passed before Megan's strong gusher had finally subsided. Her pants were thoroughly soaked aside from the very sides of her legs. She proceeded to remove them and her panties. Upon getting them down, she lifted her legs to remove them completely which is when she noticed just how soaked my shorts were from her escapade.

"Why'd you piss yourself like that?" She joked while pointing out my wet shorts.

"I just couldn't resist." I responded, laughing with her.

She threw her pants to the ground before returning back to her same position. She forced a few small yet powerful spurts out. This time her stream was unimpeded by anything and everyone who's read about Megan knows that she has quite a powerful stream. Her piss flew the length of her legs and further soaked my shorts.

"You're already wet. Just figured I'd finish cooling you off." Megan said.

"Since you pissed so much, you're probably dehydrated now! Let's go hose off, and we'll each grab a couple waters from the refrigerator in the garage since it's already unlocked." I said.

As we lept from the trampoline, I stopped to remove the rest of my clothes. I did that and threw them on top of Megan's pissy pants. Megan was now right next to me. I aimed my now semi flaccid cock to the grass beneath the trampoline before slowly letting out a trickle.

"Here. Let me help you with that!" Megan exclained.

She took hold of my cock. My stream was now flowing full force. She proceeded to do what she deemed "the helicopter cock" by swinging it around in circles. She soaked her and myself even further in the process. She continued aiming and playing with my cock until finally my stream ended and my bladder was empty in which she shook it vigorously.

"Remember, more than two shakes and I'm playing with it." She laughed.

"Go ahead!" I responded.

Finally we got hosed off, each drank a bottle of water and carried another back to the trampoline with us. Upon getting back to the trampoline, Megan and I shared oral before pounding our second bottle of water and continuing to sunbathe together naked. We accompanied each other there few a couple of hours until it clouded up in the afternoon. My bladder was again getting full, so I suggested we head inside and get a shower together to get properly cleaned up. Megan agreed and we gathered up our items and began making our way inside. We reach my back patio and Megan threw her clothes onto it.

"You can bring those in and throw them in my washer with mine if you'd like. It'd be better than carrying them home like that." I insisted.

"I will, but I need to do something first." She said.

She turned to her right and walked through the mulch of my flower bed stepping over the smaller flowers in her way. She made her way to just a few feet in front of where I was standing and turned facing me.

"You probably shouldn't hve told me to water your flowers earlier." She laughed.

"Go ahead! It'll just make 'em grow." I encouraged her.

She spread her legs wide over my peony bush which was full of snow white colored flowers. She stood just a bit behind it, one foot on either side, and bent her knees slightly. She thrust her hips a bit forward and used her right hand to part her fat pussy lips. With that, she began to let her stream flow. It started out as a trickle and began to build pressure. This time she didn't fire a laser like stream like she usually does when she parts her pussy though. Instead, her piss was more like a fan shaped rain shower with her streaming breaking up into many tiny droplets before hitting the bush. It made the same sound as a hard rain does as it hits the leaves of trees in a forest. Her piss was as yellow as can be too. Almost like a neon yellow from all the vitamins that were in our pre workout shakes from earlier that day. She was pleased with her work as she watched the snow white pedals of the flowers become stained with her yellow piss.

"I hope you like yellow flowers." She said as she thrust the last bit of piss out.

"Yeah. They'd probably pass as an exotic breed now!" I joked.

"You should find yourself a girl to give those to. It'd be funny to see the flowers stained from my piss sitting in some dumb broad's house." She laughed.

"You're cruel.. That's why I love you though!" I said laughing with her.

"Yeah. I know you love it." She ended with before following me inside.

Once inside, we finished off the evening by getting showered, throwing our clothes in the laundry, followed by going out to dinner and a movie. For a day that we both thought was going to be bland and boring it turned out just the opposite. It was hot, sexy, fun, exciting, and not to mention all the people at the gym that questioned the next time I went: "Who was that hot looking girl with you the other day?!"

