The Shopping Trip (Part Three)

3rd February 2008, 08:03 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

After hours of window-shopping and girl talk, Cheryl finally took Kiki to her favorite clothing store. They were in the dressing room, trying on different outfits, when Kiki felt an oncoming urge to pee again.

«You'll never believe this, Mom, but I have to pee again.» Cheryl smiled eloquently to show that she could believe it.

«Well, hold on,» she said. «Let's check this place out, first.» She cracked the door to the fitting room a little and peeked out. There was a long hallway that crooked to the left at the end and Cheryl did not see anyone nearby. She was also delighted to see that the door to the fitting room extended all the way to the floor, unlike some others that allowed perverted passersby to peek in from the bottom. «Okay, I think we can get away with going in here. The girl at the counter has no idea which fitting room we're in, so…»

In spite of everything that had happened, Kiki was startled. «Go here?» she asked.

«Sure,» her mother said. «They'll clean it up, don't worry. Just pull your skirt up, sit on that cushioned bench behind you, and go. If you don't mind, I'm going to use the floor.» Kiki thought about this for a moment and the idea of spraying her pee all over a fitting room bench was both outrageous and exhilarating. Of course she would do it, but she needed further encouragement.

«I want to watch you go first,» she told her mother. Cheryl smiled again and patted Kiki on the head.

«Okay. Watch this.» Cheryl pulled her skirt up to reveal her panties as she squatted to her knees. Kiki almost expected her to drop to the typical female squat but was surprised as her mother sat back on her feet, knees in front of her and calves resting on the floor. She pulled her skirt way up so that Kiki could see her flowery bikini panties perfectly. With a blissful sigh, Cheryl spread her legs apart and within seconds, her panties glistened with urine. A thick rivulet of pee fell from between her legs and splattered audibly to the carpet, creating an immediate dark spot. Cheryl didn't seem to care as she leaned back further and pulled her panties aside. This increased the sound of the splatter as light drops splashed against Kiki's and her mother's legs.

«Okay, I can't hold it anymore,» Kiki whimpered. She lifted the back of her skirt and pulled her panties to her ankles. This brought forth a smile from Cheryl as she continued to soak the carpet. Kiki sat back on the seat and grinned at the comfort of the cushion as it tickled her bottom. The softness felt wonderful against her bare vagina and she felt another kind of wetness. «I'm just gonna go.» Biting her lip in longing, she closed her eyes and relaxed.

A delicate trickle began to flow from between her legs and right away she felt it against her bottom as the cushion became wet. She let loose completely and could not stifle a gasp as her pee fell freely to the cushion beneath her and pooled comfortably at her vagina. This was a new and invigorating feeling and already she felt the beginnings of an orgasm creeping up. «Oh my God,» she panted as the cushion became wetter and wetter, embracing her vagina and bottom with drenched heat that was more sensational than anything she had ever felt. «Oh, this feels so good. Mmm.» She started to reach her hand to her clitoris and then realized she didn't have to as her body began to tingle.

She could hear Cheryl panting vigorously and opened her eyes to see her stroking her vagina. Kiki joined her mother's gasps and moans as he felt an orgasm overpowering her. She continued to pee into the cushion as she rubbed her vagina furiously against the seat, not caring about the few splashes that fell to the floor and tickled her feet, not caring if anyone heard them or not. She closed her eyes again and imagined she was spraying her pee into her bed at home, soaking the sheets and mattress, not caring about stains or wet sheets, just her and the pleasure of wetting whenever and wherever she wanted. She gasped one last time as she climaxed forcefully and slumped back against the wall of the fitting room, exhausted. A few final trickles of pee passed out of her and she let them, not caring if they wet her skirt.

She grinned at her mother, who was also slumped in the corner of the fitting room, smiling blissfully. «I think it's safe to say we won't be able to shop here for a while.» They both laughed as Kiki slid her panties back up. Luckily, the girl at the counter was busy with a customer, so they left their garments behind in the fitting room and snuck out of the store.

They stayed another hour or so, stopping by several more shops. Kiki bought herself a pair of tight black jeans and could not wait to try them on. Her mother found a cute pair of high heels that she said made her «feel like a movie star.» Finally, they walked out to Cheryl's car, bags in hand, laughing joyfully.

As Cheryl fumbled for her keys, Kiki paused for a minute and looked curiously around the parking garage. There were almost no cars parked near them and she could see no other shoppers nearby. «Wait, Mom, I kind of have to pee again.» Cheryl nodded.

«Me too. I know exactly what you're thinking.» Cheryl mimicked her daughter's act and peered around to look for spectators. «It looks clear. Let's just go for it.»

Without moving their skirts, both mother and daughter stood next to the car and spread their legs apart. The sound of their pee hissing from between their legs in unison was one of the most amazing things Kiki had ever heard. As her panties began to fill with warm urine, she gazed at her crotch and was delighted to see it glisten from her pee as it soaked the front of her skirt. Not caring, she deliberately placed her hand between her legs and pressed the fabric of her skirt against her vagina, enjoying the drops of urine that splashed against the material and her hand. She could see a small trickle passing from her mother's side of the car to meet her own growing puddle. Kiki could not see below her mother's shoulders, but she was pleased to see her deep expression of relief and ecstasy.

«Oh, wow,» her mother mumbled, as she collected herself, smoothing her skirt with her hands. «What a day.» She unlocked the doors of the car and smiled as her and Kiki hopped in, smiling broadly. «So,» Cheryl asked, «what are we going to do tomorrow?»

