The Niads Lair (Fiction)

28th October 2010, 05:27 AM

Author: h20witch2002

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 382

This one is quite long, sorry it got away from me!

"There is a Goddess" thought Bebe, mentally rubbing her hands together, "and sometimes she just smiles on us working girls."

By the look of the man candy pushing through the heavy chrome and glass doors at five minutes to closing time, the Goddess was having a particularly good day.

The man candy in question was Julius Harper and, at the moment, he was not feeling nearly as blessed as Bebe. In fact, he was already second guessing his decision to stop this evening. Although he didn't look it, Julius was quite nervous. He'd been going home each evening by way of this particular establishment for several weeks, occasionally stopping to peer into the front window in and attempt to work up his nerve but, mostly he just paused for a moment before hurrying past. He'd chosen this evening to stop because the store was free of other customers and there appeared to be only one sales associate on the floor.

At 6'4" and a solid 190 lbs, Julius didn't exactly tower over Bebe's own not insubstantial height but, she did have to tilt her head back in order to meet his astoundingly green eyes. In his Saville Row suit and Italian loafers, he was not only a divine eye full but, potentially the best commission of the month. He looked like he might need a bit of special handling but, Bebe had long experience in sizing up her customers. This one looked in complete command of himself but Bebe could tell he was a little on the skittish side. Besides, she'd seen him perusing the store for ages.

"Good afternoon and welcome to The Niads' Lair. My name is Bebe. How can I help you today?"

"Good afternoon, Bebe. I'm Julius Harper."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Harper. Is this your first visit to our establishment? Was there something special you were looking for? We have quite an extensive selection and anything you see on the floor can be customized for size, color, fabric selection, you name it."

Julius knew pretty much what he wanted but, he was at a loss about how to approach the subject. He fought the urge to tug at the perfectly fitted collar of his pearl gray shirt but could not keep himself from shifting his weight, almost imperceptibly from one foot to the other. Bebe's experienced eye caught the slight movement and recognized his growing discomfort. She wondered if it was just nerves or something more pressing. Just then the muffled chimes of a clock striking the hour drifted out from the back of the store.

A wave of relief stole over Julius as he realized that the store would be closing and he could escape without making his request to the lovely creature waiting patiently for his answer.

"Perfect," exclaimed Bebe, unwilling to let such a fine catch slip through her fingers. "Let me just get the door and we can chat without any interruptions. I'll be just a moment"

"Oh, I wouldn't think of keeping you past closing, said Julius, feeling his opportunity to escape begin to evaporate. "I can always come back another time."

"Don't even think of it," replied Bebe throwing the bolt on the door and pressing the button next to it that automatically closed the drapes across the front of the shop. "I'm more than happy to spend as much time as we need to make sure that you're comfortable with your choice. I'm sure I can answer any questions you may have and that The Niad can provide for your most individualized needs. May I get you something to drink? I've got a pitcher of sweet tea in the back."

"Something cool to drink would be very nice," conceded Julius. It probably wasn't the best idea, based on the tingling sensation in lower abdomen but, his mouth was dry and it bought him a bit more time since he still couldn't figure out how to broach his request.

"I'll be just a few moments. Feel free to look around. All the mattresses and furniture are custom made for us. Be right back."

Bebe made her way back to the office, keeping a discreet eye on her customer. Julius wandered through the front room running his finger tips over this mattress , pressing his palm into that one. Thinking himself unobserved, he pressed his right hand swiftly to his crotch squeezing for a longish moment before adjusting himself. Pad she thought but, not a diaper.

Julius new quality when he saw it and was impressed by the obviously high standards of the shop. What he found surprising, though, was how thoroughly normal everything looked. One would never guess that everything in The Niads' Lair was designed for the purpose of discreetly camouflaging the occasional, or more occasional accident. He'd found then on line a couple of months back but their store policy prohibited him from making his first purchase on-line. So, here he was, trying to work up the nerve to expose what he considered a personal peculiarity to a sales girl.

"Here we are," smiled Bebe, returning with a frosty tumbler of golden tea for each of them.

Julius took a long swallow, enjoying the sweet-tart chill on his tongue and the soothing moisture in his mouth and on his throat.

"That's delicious. Thank you!"

"It's my mom's recipe. I just love the stuff. I'd drink it by the gallon but, then I'd never get any time on the sales floor, if you know what I mean."

The inference was blatant and Julius wondered at the easy way she tossed it off. He seldom mentioned his own needs in that area, even though they were often at the forefront of his thoughts. The very fact that he needed to make this stop in the first place made this little shopping expedition all the more difficulty for him. Part of him enjoyed his accidents but, that part fought daily with the part that assured him a grown man should surely notice the need to urinate in time to prevent such accidents

. Before he could brood too long, though, Bebe took the plunge.

"So Mr. Harper, were you looking for something for your home? Something for your office? Your car, perhaps?"

Julius had indeed come for something for his home but the idea that there were products here that might make life at the office or on long car rides more manageable had never crossed his mind. With a swiftness that was much more in keeping with his nature, he decided to follow Bebe's lead.

"I was interested in a mattress cover. Something for a king sized bed if you have it."

"Well, we have several models in stock, depending on what you want your mattress cover to do for you besides keep your mattress dry and stain free. Which, by the way, all of our products guarantee."

"What else would I want it to do?" inquired Julius, truly baffled.

Bebe dimpled, "I suppose that depends on just how wet you like things."

Julius nearly choked on his tea, the coughing fit putting undue pressure on his sensitive bladder. It took all his self control to clamp down on the urge to pee without grabbing for himself.

"Come now Mr. Harper,Bebe purred. "You don't really think people come here and part with boat loads of money fore mere serviceability? They can get that at Wal-Mart. What they want from us is something entirely different."

"What exactly do you have to offer, then, Bebe?"

"What we offer is a whole range of comfort levels. Do you want to be dry as dust? We can provide that. Wet as a wading pool. We can provide that, too. Do you hate that your wet bed gets cold? Try one of our temperature control options. Do you want your whole bed wet? The zone between your shoulders and your knees" Just under your bum? We can provide all of that and more and it all happens in a pad that can be removed and washed without the slightest worry of even one drop of wetness escaping before your Niad Pad gets to the laundry."

All this talk of wet beds was making Julius hyper aware of his growing need to relieve himself. Unusual really since his normal problem was that he was being so distracted by other things that he didn't notice his increasing need to pee until it was too late. He became so absorbed in work, in fact, that he had an alarm set on his smart phone to reminde him to take bathroom breaks.

"I wasn't aware there were so many options. Um, I'm not really sure what I like, except that what usually wakes me is that the sheets get cold and clammy and then I have to move to one of the guest rooms for the night."

"So, don't ever wake up when you're still warm and wet?"

"Not usually."

"But when you do?"

"When I do, I generally enjoy the feeling. Especially the warmth."

"And are you usually just a little wet?"

"No. Before I started covering the mattress, I sometimes wet enough to soak through the mattress and the box spring." It occurred to Julius that he was extremely comfortable having this extremely odd conversation with Bebe.

"Do you think you would enjoy that level of wetness in a pad that would keep the liquid confined to the top of the mattress while maintaining it at the same temperature at which you released it?"

"i really don't know."

But he did know, It sounded like a little slice of heaven to Julius. So much so that his cock began to stir in his pants.

"Shall we find out?" asked Bebe, conversationally.

"What?!?" Julius practically squeaked his response.

"Would you like to find out if that suits you? It's simple enough to arrange a trial demonstration."

Julius was actually struck dumb for a moment before he realized she probably meant he could try one of the pads using warm water.

"I probably should before I spend the kind of money we're probably talking about. How does this work, exactly?"

"Well, the pad I have in mind is right over there," she said, pointing to the front of the store by the covered display window.

"And you'd wet the mattress cover with warm water before I laid down to test it out? Um, where would you be? And how would I dry off after."

"You misunderstand me, Julius. I will be present or, in the back, as you choose. We'll provide you a changing room and a toweling robe for before and a shower for after but, in order to get the full effect of the product, you need to use it."

"You want me to wet the bed? Here??"

"it is the only way to get the full effect of the product. After all, you'll buy it or we'll dispose of it. Part of our product cost is the overhead involved in ensuring that our clients are fully satisfied."

"But I can't just lay down and go right here."

"I can help if you'd like."

"You're kidding, right? How could you possibly help?" Julius could think of a way but, it seemed unlikely that she would be amenable.

"I'm perfectly serious Mr. Harper. We have a very effective tape of running water. If that doesn't work, there is the direct pressure method. Or, if you prefer, I can join you in the demonstration".

Julius Harper was having the most surrealistic experience of his life. He was about to spend an inordinate amount of money on a custom made mattress cover but first, he was going to have to use it.

"Bebe, are you saying that in order to sell a mattress pad, you are willing to get into bed with me while I pee myself?"

"Not exactly," Bebe had the grace to blush. She just wanted to be in bed with this gorgeous man while he wet himself, and her if she could arrange it.

"So, what are you saying?"

"Well, I'm saying that in accordance with company policy, I can't sell you any product in this store without first guaranteeing your satisfaction." Her eyes began to *****le with mischief. "I'm also saying that if I can get a little extra job satisfaction out of the process, I'm all for that."

"Job satisfaction?"

"Absolutely, Julius...May I call you Julius? I have tested every single product in this store, myself but, I've always wanted to be able to share the experience and, frankly, i FIND YOU quite attractive, If you'd rather do the test run on your own, I'll wait in my office until you've showered and gotten dressed but, if you'd like to share, so would I".

Julius considered her offer for only a few seconds before saying, "You'd better get us a couple of towels to get us from the bed back to the shower, then. I'm about to burst."

"Two Turkish towels coming right up."

Bebe was back in two shakes of a lambs tail. In her brief absence Julius had stripped down to his trousers and had piled everything else neatly on one of the other beds. He stood waiting while Bebe ditched her blouse, skirt and pantyhose. She stepped up to Julius and unfastened his belt. He stayed her hand as she began to work on his fly.

"What is it?", she asked.

"Well, I wasn't exactly expecting to get naked with a woman this evening so, I'm dressed for a more average day for me."

"If you're worried about what I'm going to find under these expensive trousers, don't be. In case you haven't figured it out, I'm into desperation and wetting. Mine and yours' both. What you wear to keep it private is just part of the excitement for me."

With that he let her push his trousers away from his hips and down his legs. Beneath he wore a pair of hand made incontinence briefs with pocket for a thick, cotton pad. She rubbed her hand against in and he moaned.

"Still dry," she whispered wickedly. "Good. I wouldn't want these sexy things soaking up any pee that should be wetting your new mattress pad."

Julius shivered with anticipation as he slid his briefs down his legs, exposing his bulging bladder and semi-hard cock.

Bebe turned her back to him so he could unhook her bra. She slid the frothy lace and satin concoction down her arms, releasing her large, round breasts. She turned back to face him and slid his hand between her legs.

"I'm not as dry as you are but, that's your fault," she whispered. She slid her palm across his bulging bladder and he moaned, grabbing for the head of his cock.

"Keep that up and you'll have to clean the carpet, he warned.

"Lets get into bed then, shall we?"

She climbed onto the wide, deeply upholstered surface and reached for the control attached to the mattress cover sliding the toggle switch to the correct position then rolled to face him.

"How will you be most comfortable," she asked.

"I really don't know. I've never done this with anyone before. I'm usually out the door and on my way home before I can embarrass myself in a woman's bed. I've never actually done this on purpose."

"Well, what do you think you'd like. We can take turns spooning. One of us can go and then the other. Or we can face each other, taking tiuns or going together."

Her matter of fact approach to something he'd gotten used to thinking of as humiliating was a whole new experience for Julius and he found himself surprisingly comfortable both with Bebe and with the idea of wetting in her presence. Even wetting on her. The thought was very arousing but, he had to pee so badly by now that he only got semi hard.

"You have more experience with this than I do," he answered. What would you like?"

"I'd like to hold you while you pee on my breasts and my belly. Then, I'd like you to tell me how you'd like me to pee for you."

"Sounds like a plan," Julius smiled, climbing to his knees between her legs.

Bebe propped her back against the headboard so she didn't have to strain while she held his cock and looked at him expectantly. At first, he thought he wasn't going to be able to do it between being pee shy and very aroused but then she reached out with her free hand and began pressing gently on the distended mound of his bladder. The pressure was all it took and suddenly, a hot, yellow stream burst from his thick cock. She moaned as it splashed against her breasts, making her nipples harden and stand at attention. He watched her hand guide his gushing penis up and down her body until she spread her nether lips for him so that his pounding stream beat against her clit. He watched, amazed, as she came from the force of his stream washing against her beautiful pink nubbin. It felt like he could go on forever but, eventually, he slowed and stopped.

"OH my god," Bebe sighed. "That was amazing! I can't remember the last time something felt that good. Thank you! Now, what would you like me to do for you?"

Julius thought a moment and said, "I'd line you to kneel over me and spread your lips wide enough for me to see while you pee on my cock and balls."

Smiling, Bebe traded places with Julius.

"Well Mr. Harper, You've made the bed extraordinarily wet. What do you think?"

"Feels great but, I'm sure we can do better. Fire at will, m'lady."

Bebe straddled hus hips and arched her back, using both hands to spread her pussy lips so he had a clear view of her glistening cunt and throbbing clit. Then he watched, mesmerized as a strong golden flow erupted from the urethra. She rocked, gently, in order to bathe him completely in her hot nectar, controing the flow with her muscles so he could watch it thin down to a trickle and then explode in a hard jet. He felt the warm wetness flow over him, gather beneath his ass and continue to spread beneath him. Beneath her stream, he felth his cock harden and strain upwards.

Seeing his arousal, Bebe couldn't help herself. With her lips still spread wide, she lowered herself, still peeing, onto his jutting prick and began to ride him. The sensation was amazing and she came again, almost immediately, taking him with her over the edge. She collapsed on top of him and rolled to the side empty of both pee and desire.

Later as they lay spooned together in the warm, wet bath of their co-mingled pee she asked, "Well Mr. Harper, have your expectations been met?"

"Met and exceeded."

"Excellent!"

