The Neighbor Girls, Chap. 1

22nd October 2010, 06:33 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

The Neighbor Girls

I should tell you about two neighbor girls that I grew up with. They were each two and three years older than I was and when I was young, I paid almost no attention to there hot little bodies, even though we played together a lot. I say «play», but that ended when the girls entered high school. After that they became such «hotties», it was almost as though I no longer existed. However, because I could not be seen, I wound up with a great many opportunities to observe these young ladies as they evolved into very pretty and very sexy women. Sexy, because they did sexy things and usually tried those very things on me as their test subject.

Melody was the oldest, but she was not nearly as pretty or sexy as Carolyn. Her breasts and long lithe legs were a wonder to behold. Carolyn was the one who tried everything first and seemed to have learned most of that from her mother. She even copied the way her mother, Janice dressed, including right down to her mannerisms. Now, I say, «copying» because while both mother and daughter could have passed as sisters, they had one strange quirk. On occasion, they both would just let their pee soak into their pants, thinking nothing of it. While I was growing up I saw Carolyn with wet pants or panties so many times, that when we were around one another, I almost expected her to pee herself. Originally, it meant nothing, but then came puberty and a really big change took place. I started to notice. That circle of wetness surrounding her cute ass or pussy caused something to change inside of me.

One warm afternoon, I ventured over to their house and joined them at their swimming pool. By now I was becoming aware of their little kinks and saw that Carolyn's mom was lounging near the pool in a forest green one-piece swimsuit. She was stretched out in her lounge chair reading a new issue of Celebrity Magazine. I began noticing a puddle of wetness that had collected on the pool deck beneath her chair and almost instantly suspected that she might have peed.

I joined Melody and Carolyn in the pool but soon swam to the edge, just in front of their mother. I wanted a little closer look at Janice's ass, hoping to verify my suspicions. She soon got up from her lounge chair to walk over to the outdoor bar so that she could make another gin and tonic. Mapped across her beautiful butt and up the crack of her ass was the sexiest wet stain you could ever imagine. The wetness was drying with a resultant yellowing along the edges. Very casually she reached behind herself with her right hand to pull her swimsuit loose from her beautiful rounded ass. She absolutely did not care that she'd been peeing herself.

Now I'd spent a lot of time with the girls at their pool and had seen them pee in their swimsuits so many times that it was almost expected that at least Carolyn could be counted on to 'just do it'. Watching their mother, Janice, with a pee stain throughout the crotch of her suit was a fresh experience. For the first time I became deeply aroused and could not take my eyes away from that circle of damp pee covering her mons. After awhile she caught me staring and our eyes met. She just reached for a towel and folded it over her lap, so I wouldn't stare at her wet puss. I found this very stimulating and very sexy. I loved the fact that she was lying there on her lounge with a very wet crotch and butt, not really caring and acting as though she'd done it many times before. I guess I'd just not payed any attention until now. I watched Janice a lot after that hoping to catch her doing more.

It must have been a couple of months later when I was again in their back yard. Janice had just parked her car in the drive after returning from work. It was a pleasant day and she was wearing a lace blouse that displayed her beautiful breasts and a tight, beige skirt that reached just past her knees. Her high heels clicked as she walked across the pool deck on her way to the outdoor kitchen and refrigerator. She was talking to the girls, asking about their day as she casually poured a cocktail for herself. I went almost unnoticed. She stood as she frequently did with her legs about 18 inches apart, stretching her skirt almost to its limit. It was easy to see the banded legs of her panties through the fabric as well as an almost circular wetting stain. There was little doubt that she'd recently wet her pants. From the shape of the wetness, she must have had a very damp ass crack.

I could not take my eyes away from her as she walked over to a chair to enjoy her drink. She sat and continued talking about her afternoon. She'd been with a girl friend from work. They evidently met at Smarty's for a couple of drinks and then drove home. She complained about the horrible stop and go traffic that caused her to have «a little accident in her panties », as she called it. She said she wanted to go in and change but first needed to relax after her ordeal on the freeway. Janice continued talking to us while sitting in her deck chair gently rocking her crossed legs as women sometimes do when they are secretly squeezing their puss. I was almost sure Janice was enjoying not only her cocktail but also her wetness while conversing with us. I bided my time sitting on the edge of the pool, until she got up to go in the house. By then Carolyn couldn't stop staring at the bulge in my swimsuit. I didn't care.

Epilogue

Some of this is based on some true characters and if there is enough interest in the girls, there might be more. What do you think?

