Sea Pee

21st February 2006, 11:29 PM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Reading another post, I was reminded of a much more recent pee experience and thought I'd share it, even though it is completely out of sequence with my earlier posts....

When sunbathing on holiday, my partner, Gail, will usually pee in the sea - often she will need to go after a couple of hours. She will swim around for a few minutes and then get out again, dry off and go back to sunbathing with a good book! Although she knows very well how much her peeing turns me on (wherever and whenever - the knowledge that she needs to pee is usually enough!), the opportunities to experiment in public have been limited and normally her inhibitions (and/or mine!) are too strong.

However, last year in Majorca, we found a fantastic beach with lovely shallow water where we could go out perhaps 100 metres and still touch the bottom - just. Blue sky, blue sea, warm breeze....idyllic really.This distance took us out well beyond the kids and most other swimmers: Gail slipped off her bikini and I did the same with my trunks - we tied them round our ankles! I have to say the sensation of skinny dipping is something that I really enjoy. Try it if you can!

Anyway, we were fooling around like a couple of kids, trying to splash each other - and of course we ended up in a clinch (trying not to sink as the water got a bit deeper!) and I found myself getting an erection...Gail noticed immediately and began to touch me, so I responded in kind - definitely different, doing it in the sea! From the shore, it would look like we were just snogging (I think!). Gail wrapped her legs round me and I managed to enter her. As I did so, she told me to keep still: I could feel her pelvic muscles twitching and after a moment or two the base of my cock was flooded with warmth as she managed to release her pee into the sea. Once she started, she pushed really hard and I could feel the pressue of the jet on the root of my cock. It was wonderful!

Unfortunately some other swimmers approached a few minutes later so we had to cease our amorous exploits and put our bathers back on (the naturist beach was round the other side of the headland...).

Needless to say when we got back to our apartment an hour or so later we stripped off and went straight to bed. As is often the case, she really got me going by telling me that she needed to wee: our lovemaking was short but highly charged! Afterwards, Gail went into the bathroom but left the door open. She sat down on the toilet and spread her legs: I needed no second invitation and knelt down in front of her to get a good view as she let go, her pee splashing noisily into the bowl (she has a small, neat pussy and normally manages a strong well-defined stream without much dribbling).

Such pleasant memories...I have been so lucky!

