A Fun Saturday With Kathy And Friends Part 8

19th June 2009, 01:17 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Once we had got back from our walk arriving at the Tallmans house it turned out that Dave,Terry,Kerry, and Debbie were not there. They had left and gone out. We were told that those four went swimming. But there was a problem noone knew where they went swimming. So I talked Kathy into going for a ride to see if we could find them. So we hopped into my Mustang and took off looking for them.

Since both Dave and Kerry lived over near where I used to live I went to Glass Lake and checked there at the two spots were most everyone went to. They were not either spot. Then from there a quick ride over to the next lake at Crooked lake and checked two spots on that lake and also the same result they were not there either. Then down to the Burden Lakes which there are three of those. They were not there either.

So we gave up looking for them. But Kathy told me she would like to take a dip and she wanted to go back to Glass Lake to swim. She also wanted to stop at one of the stores on the way. We didn't have any thing to drink so we were near one store so I stopped at it and we got a sixpack of beer. Then we headed for Glass Lake.

On the way Kathy asked me if I knew any more secluded spots then the two places we had checked to see if the otheres were there. I told her I did. One was a friends dock which was on the lake in the one corner of it. But it is very close to the highway. The other is on the backside of the lake. It is very secluded but it is hard to get to as far as driving a car down to get to it. It can be done I guess I said to Kathy. I mentioned it had a Tarzan swing rope there too.

Kathy got excited as soon as I said the Tarzan rope. Hey I heard a lot about that spot becuase of that rope! Kathy said to me. Lets go there. I told her ok but I can't promise you I can make it all the way to it by driving. We may wind up walking instead. Oh I know you can make it! Kathy said back to me very quickly. I laughed and told her that she sure had a lot of confidence in me. Kathy laughed hard and told me she did.

Fifteen minutes later we were there were the turn was for this old road went down to the Tarzan rope spot. Now the upper part of the road wasn;t all that bad. But I knew further down it would not be all that good. But I turned off from the road on to the road that would take us down to the lake and the Tarzan rope. I kept the car in second gear and had no problem with the good section of the road.

Now where the road got worse there was a small open field which I could have parked my car which then we would have to walk down from there Kathy told me to keep going. Kathy then told me she would help. She stood up and looked right out over the winshield! The road soon turned into two very stony ruts with a high hump in the midle of the two stony ruts. I now slowed and put the car in first gear.

We crawled along now. Sometimes I would hear the gastank hit on a rock and we got jarred hard a couple of times too as I crept down the hill on this rough section of road. After more then ten minutes we made it! I came up to where the road widened out into a small clearing and we could see the lake through the trees that boarded the lakes side of the clearing! Kathy and I got out she grabbed the beer and we went through the path down to where the Tarzan swing was and the lake.

We still had a couple of hours of daylight left in which to swim and stay there. I told Kathy we couldn't stay that long for I didn't want to drive back up that road in the dark. Kathy told me she would agree with that! So Kathy and I stripped right down together and waded into the lake and took a swim first. Then after that refreshing swim we got out and Iwent and unhooked the rope out of the big tree it was in.

Kathy looked at the rope and me. She then asked me to go first to show how you swung on the rope. So I showed her. Just grab one of the higher big knots in the rope with your hands which I did. Then run towards the lake and when you hit where the drop off is in the shore pull yourself up and place your feet on one of the lower knots and swin out over the water and let go at the end of your swing.

So Igrabbed one f the higher knots on the rope took off running hard. When I reached where the ground dropped down I pulled up and got my feet on one of the lower knots swung way out over the water and let go just as I reached the end of the swing. I dropped going straight down into the water making ahudge splash as I went in. I popped right up and looked back towards shore. Kathy had cuaght the rope when it swung back and she was standing there holding it.

She tehn did what I did. She reache up and grabbed the highest knot she could reach,ran hopped up on the rope but missed with her feet on a lower knot. She screamed loudly as she swung through the air! As she swung out over the water she struggled to get her feet on one of the knots but didn't get her feet onone. She reached the end of her swing and started to swing back.

As she now swung back Kathy still sceamed but managed to yell out to me; Victor whatam I going to do now! I told her just hang on and when you come back out just let go. Kathy swung back over the shore and started the swing back out over the water. She was still screaming but not as loud this time. She reached the end of the second swing and she let go and came down hard feet first like I had done and made a hidge splash in the water.

She popped right up and she was laughing hard now. I sswam over to her. Did you like it? I asked her as we now started to swim back to shore. She told me she was scared not having her feet on the rope. But when I let go I wasn't! That WAS the best part of it! she said to me. Let me go first when we get back in! I'll get it righ this time. So when we did get back up on shore Kathy grabbed the rope and she walked back till she could go no further with the rope and then she took off with it and this trime she got herself right up and her feet up on one of the knots in a 123 fashion.

She laughed hard as she swung out over the water. Kathy forgot to let go when the rope reached the end of its swing so she rode it back laughing even harder. There was areason why Kathy was laughing harder. On the swing back since she was laughing so hard she had begun to piss! I saw it too! Kathy was leaning back almost like she was sqauting when she was swining on the rope.

So now her piss stream was shooting down under her ass as she swung which her stream rapuidly moved in the air in the direction she was swinging! It made a splashing taril in the lakeds water as she came back and wetted the ground when she swung over the ground. Then as she again swung over the water her piss splashed in the water making a trail as she swung along further out over the water. This time she let go and dropped into the water making another big splash.

Kathy popped right up out of the water and she laughed hard. I don't believe I was pissing while swinging! she shouted to me as she laughed treading in the water. I was laughing too. I told her I didn't believe that she also had pissed and I told her that. She waited for me to take my swing which I did and came down almost right in front of her making a hudge splash which she had to duck down under the water to keep from getting hit by thehudge splash.

We then took several more swings on the Tarzan rope and then we took a short break on shore and we had a beer. The sun was still up but would be soon behind the trees to the west. The shadows were creeping out further along the west side of the lake so I told Kathy we would be leaving soon. So we went back and took a few more swings on the rope and also took a one last good swim in the lake together.

Then we got out I swung the rope over the tree and we walked up to the car in the clearing where I parked it. The sun was tll shinning in the clearing so we let the remaining sunshine dry us off. Kathy drank one more beer while we dried off. She also played with my penis while we dried off. She got it fully erect too! Then before we got dressed we both took a piss together by me leaning against the front of my Mustang and Kathy sat on the very front of the hood of my Mustang.

Kathy took my erect penis in her hand as she sat there on the hood and she bet me I couldn't reach the trees on the side of the clearing in front of us. I laughed looking at the trees and I told her I could reach that easily! Kathy giggled and she told me again I couldn't and told me go ahead and try! So I just smiled and told her; Here I go!

I gave a hard push and out from my enis shot a hard wide headed twisted stream of piss! It arced upward and outward heading for the trees. Kathy seeing that my stream had come out so hard knew it would have no problem getting the distance making the trees suddenly squeezed down hard on my penis! My stream suddenly dropped and with her squeezing my stream didn't make the trees!

Hey cut that out! That's cheating! I said to Kathy. Kathy giggled hard but kept squeezing so I wouldn't piss hard. She looked at me and told me I wouldn't make it. Well if you let go I would have! Isaid to her. That was a mistake to say to her just then. Kathy let go competely of my penis! It was free to now bounce right up which it did and since she was no longer squeezing it my piss stream shot out supre hard sending my piss stream almost straight up into the air right in front of me!

Kathy burst into hard laughter. I reached down and grabbed my penis and shoved it down so that it was no longer pointed almsot straight up. Now my stream shot out in a long high arc which made the distance through the clearing and hit well into the trees on the edge of the clearing. I said to Kathy. See I did make it! Kathy laughed some more then she stopped. Yes you did she said back to me. Here let me take over. So she reached down and she took overby holding my penis. I took my hand away.

Now Kathy started her piss. She started hard and she sent out from her vagina a nice stream off piss which like mine was wide headed twisted and shot outward as it went down and started wetting the weeds on the ground about a foot in front of her. Her stream also hissed nice and loud! Kathy pissed for several seconds and then she did something that I was not expecting.

Kathy was still holding my penis and I was still pissing hard over into the trees. She took and she shook my penis up and down and as she did this she giggled and asked; Would you like some of my warm piss on you? She shook my penis up and down three times making longer up and down strokes. Well then stop what you are doing and come over here in front of me! I right then squeezed down hard. My stream dropped and stopped within a few seconds. Kathy like me stopped her stream.

I took the step over in front of her got between her wide open thghs and she took my penis in her hand and placed it so the side of its shaft was right in front of her vagina! PIss again shot out hard from her vagina hiting right on my penises lower shaft! Boy did her piss feel hot hiting my penis this time. Since it was so close to her her piss splattered all over my kower belly,my thighs,pubic hair, and my balls! It also splashed on Kathy also.

Kathy held my penis for a few seconds and then she moved it getting it all soaking wet with her piss. Then her stream eaed off and she came to a dribbling stop. with her dribbling stop some of her piss now was dripping off the very front edge of the hood of my Mustang. Then Kathy laid right back on the hood and raised her feet up and placed them at the front edge of the hood also. Then she said; Come her I want you!

She still was holding on to my penis with one hand.She took one foot off from the hood and placed it on my one asscheek and pushed me forward towards her. MY penis touched her vagina and slid inside of it as she pushed on my ass with her foot. That's it! Welcome! Now lets go! Now beong like this right then I took up Kthys invitaioin and I started thusting my hips back and forth. Kathy giggled a little and she then lifted up her other foot and placed that one on my other asscheek and helped to push with both of her feet now!

The whole car now started to rock with our pumping bodies. Kathy also pulled me down so I was bent down and I managed to start to suck on her nipples. I also managed to slip a finger down and when our bodies were seperated between thrusts I massaged her clit which was very warm and was starting to stiffen. It was also wet whgich as more from her pissing then from me massaging it since I just had started that.

Soon we wre going muchharder at it. The car was really bouncing which aided us in our thrusts. Kathy was gasping on each of her breaths and she also softly moaned between each gasp also. She had also let go with her hand then had been on my penis and now she was tightly hugging me with them placed on the middle of my bare back. Then she muttered and told me to slow down but go harder! So I did.

Then Kathy dug her heels of both of her feet hard into my asscheeks. She also hugged me real tight into her at the same time! She arched her back way up off from the hood of the car and let out a loud long moan ten a scream! I felt liquid gushing past my pumping penis! Kathy was cumming! This time super hard! As she came this time I felt her muscles tighten up making her vagna start squeezing down on my penis but she didn't pin me tight so that I couldn't keep thrusting this time.

So I really sped up now taking hard shorts thrusts witch along with her moans,gasps of breaths, and her screams, the sound of my body slapping hard against hers was added. Then after a real short time Kathy did pin me hard into her where I could no longer move. But she hit it that at the right time for I shot a wad of cum out up inisde of her! She felt it and she let out a much louder scream and she grasped me much harder with her hands and prsessed as hard as she could with her heels and feet on my ass!

I only managed to squirt out twice as far as cum this time. After all it was only a few hours since the trolly tracks when we had sex there and we both came there too. But after I did do the two squirts of cum up inside of Kathy my penis twitched hard which Kathy did feel and that made her cotinuie to cum.moan and scream for a short time more.

Then we wre done. I collaped on her breathing hard. Kathy laid right out flat on the hood of my car. I was exhausted and I didn't move. The only thing I did was just slip my still hard penis back out some so that it wasn't fully inserted into Kathys wet very warm vagina. Both of us laid there very still catching our breath for several minutes.

Then like always Kathy began to piss. I felt it on my beginig to get soft penis which her warm piss wetted it, along with part of myt balls and the hood of my car. Now in turn I started pissing too. I had not finiushed my piss when Kathy had made me stop so when she pissed on me before we started having sex. My piss started running back out with her piss. Kathy weakly said to me. I can feel that your pissing now too Victor. I said back to her; I am. Kathy then gave me a hug as she and I kept on pissing.

We both pissed for a fairly short time. Then when I stopped after she had stopped we ddid sperate. I pulled back and stood up and kathy sat up on the hood. We now also noticed that the sun was setting. The sky was still a mix of light blue,orange and red. We both looked at the sunset and we both laughed. We knew if we din't hurry up now it would be darl and we would have to drive up the road in the dark.

So I just put my shorts on very quickly and Kathy just grabbed her shorts and top and we got in te car. I started it and started the slw drive back up the hill. It was darker in the wooded area of the road so I turned on my light which did help a little with the remaining daylight. We almost got stuck once but managed after five minutes got going again.

