Double Date Parking

22nd April 2010, 10:01 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Back in 1969 I was going with a girl named Ruth. She and I had been together for about a year and a half. Ruthie (her nickname) was a very long legged curlyed haired blonde with small breasts which I always teased her about them that they weren't small. Anything over a handfull or mouthfull was wasted which would always make her laugh. She did have a very nice looking ass for it was nice and full and firm. Ruthie at least was happy about having a nice ass.

Ruthie also was three years older then I for she had been kept back in school a few times. Ruthie's sistor Joanne who was a very pretty redhead had started going with a new guy this fall who lived in a different town then us. John liked going to the football games. So we would sometimes double date and go to the games.

Well on this one fall Friday night John's school football team was playing a away game. We were going to go to it. The night was cold for mid October night. We all had dressed for it too. I was already over at Ruthies when John showed up. We got in his Ford convertible and we went to the game. While there all of us drank either coffee, tea, and hot chocolate all durring the game which was a long game. John's team did win it.

Then we headed back. Ruthie and I were snuggled up in the backseat while Joanne and John were up front. Now since we all had been out together before we would stop and do a little parking on our double dates. Tonight was no exception. On the way back after crossing a small bridge over a creek there was a turn off.

John pulled into it. It was slightly better then a trail road as far as the way this road looked in Johns headlights. John drove down this old dirt road about a quarter mile. Then there was a turn around spot which John did back into and pulled back out to face back the way we came in on this old road. To me it seemed that John knew this spot and had been here before. I didn't ask him though at this moment.

John shut off the lights but kept the engine running and the heat on for the first ten minutes while we were parked. Ruthie and I had snuggled down by laying down across the backset together. John and Joanne had done the same up front. But Joanne had opened a can beer for Ruthie and I heard the familair sound of the can being opened with its pop of the ring being pulled and Joanne started laughing hard for the can of beer that she had opened had been shaken so it sprayed out foam from it all up front in John's car! Both Ruthie and I saw the spraying beer foam and we laughed. John too cracked up saying Joanne! at the same time.

Joanne did dig out a rag from under the front seat and cleaned up the mess from the spraying beer. John and her settled back down on the front seat and Ruthie and I did the samein the backseat. Ruthie and I began kissing some while we laid there stretched out together on the backseat. I then slipped a hand under her coat on her back side of it. Then under her sweater and flannel shirt too.

I found the back clip of her bra and pinched it with my fingers and it popped loose. Ruthie gave me a harder kiss now and I slipped my hand around up hher front and cupped one of her small breasts into my hand. Ruthie broke the hard kiss right at this point and she stiffened right up as far as her body at te same time. Ruthie giggled and whispered to me; Your hand is so cold! I said right back to Ruthie; Iknow they are. That's why I have it there! I'm trying to warm it up!

Ruthie let out another short giggle took her hand slipping it under her coat placing it on her sweater pressed her hand down on my hand and held it still to her breast. It will get warmer this way quicker she whispered to me. So she kept my handlike this while we went back to kissing for the next several minutes. Then after that Ruthie allowed me to start massaging her breast with my now warmed up hand and I also played with he stiffening nipple with my fingers too.

Then Ruthie afetr a kiss told me to do the other one. It was getting cold so I moved my hand over to her other breast and warmed it up with my hand. I don't know how much time had slipped by but the interior of the car had become quite cool despite what Ruthie and I were doing there i te backseat. Ruthie told me that her hands were cold. I gave her another kiss and told her warm them up!

So Ruthie knew what I ment and she slippded them down under the front of my coat and right down into the front of my jeans and underneath my briefsplacing one on my penis and the other cupped on my balls! Like she had done when she felt my cold hand on her breast I stiffened right up clamping my legs together hard aginst her cold hand that was now on my balls! Your hands are cold too! I whispered to Ruthie. She let out a gigge and started to pull them out from my briefs but I stopped her with my other hand and pressed on it so she couldn't move it.

Keep it there Ruthie I whispered. It's already feeling warmer already! It was too. So Ruthie kept her one hand on my erect penis and the other on my balls and we went back kissing again. Joanne a momenet later asked us if we were cold. Ruthiesaid back to Joanne that we were just a litte. So John started up the car and the heater and they went back to what they were doing and Ruthie and I went on doing what we were doing.

Now I still had my other hand free so I started slipping that one down in the front of Ruthie's jeans and her panties. Ruthie right then slipped her hand off from my erect cock and pulled it out of my pants and slipped it into her pants and stopped me from slipping that hand into her panties. She did this so quickly it took her no time at all it seemed to do it.

She whispered that my hand was so cold. It was and feeling its cold on her warm bare skin in that area had shocked Ruthie. Hard enough too for it brought on suddenly that Ruthie's nerves had triggred her bladder and she had now had to piss! None of us as far as I knew never wet to the bathroom at the game. Maybe Joanne and John had but not Ruthie and I.

Ruthie layed there stiffly not moving my hand out of her pants but kept it where it was still on her. Ruthiie did say to her sistor Joanne asking her if she needed to pee. Joanne was kissing John right at this moment so Rutie did not get a quick reply. Then Joanne told Ruthie no. Then Ruthie with her increasing sudden desperation said that she had to pee agan and wanted Joanne to come with her.

Joanne told Ruthie right back hold it or just get out and go. Oh Joanne come on. I don't want to go by myself! Come with me! Ruthie sounded more desperate and was also getting slightly angry with her sistor now too. Joanne sensed this and she simply said next to Ruthie; Have Victor go with you! With saying that Joanne pulled the top of the front seat foward and also opened her door slightly to let us out.

Now what surprised me is that Ruthie pulled my hand out of her pants grabbed it and whispered to me; Come on with me! I slipped my other hand out from under her flanned shirt and Ruthie got up and was already squeezing out through the space of the leaned over top of the front seat. I skidded on the back seat over to get out with her. Ruthie had my hand so hard she was pulling me!

Once we wre outside the car together Joanne had shut her door closed. As Ruthie pulled me with her heading along side the car heading towards the back of it we both when we exhaled sent out great clouds of vapor from our warm breaths. It was a clear night lots of stars and the moon was quite bright shinning in the nights sky. So we could se well enough.

Ruthie hurried right along and we walked up the old road getting about fifty feet away from the back of John's car. Then Ruthie stopped suddenly. She reached right under the botom of her coat. As I watched she lifted up the bottom of her coat along with the botom of her sweater so she could get at her snap on her jeans.

As she struggled with her snap Ruthie was bouncing up and down with her legs tightly clamped together. So I reached down to help her. I managed to pull her zipper down which gave Ruthie a better grip on her jeans and she popped the snap then. She moved her hands then over to each one of her hips grabbed her pants and yanked them right down to her knees. I before she could get her hands back up to pull her panties down I reached over and yanked them down for her.

Ruthie got right down into a high sqaut in front of me. As soon as she did boy did she ever send out from her vagina a very hard streamof piss into the cold nights air! Steamy vapor came right off the entire length of Ruthies piss stream. So there was a cloudy vapor in the still air. Vapor also came off from her piss that had wetted the dirt of the old road too as Ruthie pissed.

Now watching Ruthie pissing,the cod nights air now being out side in it I myslef had the sudden urge come upon me that I had to piss right then! But I didn't. I wanted t watch Ruthie piss. Now a puddle had formed in the dirt of the old road so there was splashing of her piss in it. Ruthie now as I watched had been pissing long enough that she began to shiver a little as she pissed.

So Ruthie started pushing for her piss stream moved forward a little and started letting out a very loud hiss too.

I was now standing stiffly there watching Ruthie going on with her piss. I hoped that she would get done real soon was what I was thinking now as I watched her. She did too. With her hard pushing a short time later I saw Rithies stream come back out from its foward angle, went straight down with its hissing stopping, and then without any dripping but a little dribbling she stopped.

Ruthie then reached right down grabbed both her panties and pants and yanked them right up together. Ruthie ever so hurriedly just did her snap not zipping up the zipper. She shoved her sweater back down along with her coat. Then she stepped right over to me and hugged me hard. Ruthie was shivering pretty hard when she hugged me hard for she even shook me me a little as she hugged me.

I let her hug me for several long seconds. Then I said to her; I have to piss Ruthie. Don't hug me so hard. That;s not helping. Ruthie said back to me saying; I'm so cold. Let me get warmed up please. Then you can piss. I was about at the point I didn't think that I couldn't hold out any longer. So I told Ruthie I was this way. Then I told her just stand behind me and hug me.

So Ruthie did just that! She got right behind me and held onto me tightly. I pulled up my coat a little yanked my zipper down slipped my fingers inside of my open zipper and opened the slit in my breies and pulled myerect penis ight out! I had it pointed upward and as soon as I had it out of my pants I started pissing! It been that close to pissing my pants!

My piss stream took a very long arc through the air and like Rithie's piss stream vapor came off from its entire length. I stood there and I had my eyes shut for I was feeling such great relief that I was now pissing. I wasn't even aware that Ruthie was huggng me! After the first maybe ten seconds had passed I had enough relief from pissing I did feel again Ruthie's body pressed into me from behind. I also felt that she was no longer shvering too.

So I asked her if she had warmed up. Rithie told me she had but that her hand s were the only things that were cold. So with a little laugh I told Ruthie to warm them up and as I did I gavemy penis a little shake. FRom Ruthiie came a giggle and she did reach right around with both of her hands and placed them on my penises shaft which they were cold making suck in my breath real hard!

Ruthie let out a loud giggle; See they are col;d! she said to me. But they are getting warm real fast. They wre for it only took a few seconds and they felt no longer cld on the skin of my penis. So what I did next since Ruthies hands were there I let go and shoved my hands into my coats pockets. Ruthie let out a hard laugh and she went on holding my penis with her two hands. She also had relaxed enough for she was warm and she was now not hugging me hard but was just leaning on me instead.

Ruthie stood there an held me for the entire time that I pissed. Long enough for her to tease me about how long it was taking me to piss. Ruthie asked me; Didn't you piss any time today? I told her I had. When? Ruthie asked me with a giggle. I knew she was teasing me now. So I told her; Oh let me see. Last night?, No this morning after I got up!, No that's not right! Now Ruthiie knowing she was beng teased back and before I could say another word gave me a hard jab in my ribdbs wth her elbow. Oh shut up! Ruthie said to me giggling hard. I just went on with my piss and didn't say anything more.

I laughed and I did shut up. Ruthie seeing that my stream was begining to ease off for its long arc had fallen some and where my piss had been comming down on the dirt road had started comming back towards us slowly slipped her one hand off form my penis. But she had slipped it down under my penis and slipped her fingers through my briefs and placed them right on my balls!Ruthie giggled and told me she knew I was going to stop soon and your going to need to be shaked. That takes one hand! Mys well keeep my fingers warm somewhere else! I laughed and my stream had fallen more andwas a lot closer wetting the road in front of us.

I pissed for several more seconds then I stopped but told Ruthie; Don't shake it yet. I gave a push sent ut a good spurt of piss then did two more short ones after that. Then Ruthie said to me; Are you done? I am I said back to her. Ruthie gave my penis two good shakes and then slipped her hand off from my balls and the one that was on my penis.. I only managed to slip my penis back inside my briefs and not zip my pants back up. Ruthie had grabbed my hand and she was pulling me as she now started to walk quickly to go back to the car!

We were back too the car real quick with both of gave a tap on Joanne's window. We saw her pop up and cracked the door open and pulled the top of the front seat onher side foward. Ruthie and I scrambled into the back seat together. As we started to lay down on the backseat Joanne asked us bot if everything came out ok. Both Ruthie at the same time said YES! That made both Joanne and John start to laugh together. For that made them both know that beside Ruthie having to piss that I had went too! Joanne would tease both Ruthie and I about it for a long time after.

Ruthie and I did have some good foreplay soon after where she did get my erect penis outside my pants and I had had my hand down inside her panties nassaging her clit and a finger in her pussy pumping it. We did manage to keep quiet about it with only having each of us let out a few hard breaths of air between our hard kissing. I di make Ruthie cum and she did me. Which she took my coat and her sweater and wiped off my cum from my pants and her pants.

By this time it was very late and John and Joanne had done there thing up in the front seat. John started up his car and Joanne turned on the radio after she had sat up. Good thing too for teh dj announced the time. It was close to one thirty! Both Joanne and Ruthie hearing the time said together; OH SHIT! John laughed and so did I. John put the car in gear and we took off. We were at Joanne's and Ruthie's house 45 minutes later. Ruthie and Joanne after we had kissed several times I and Ruthie and John and Joanne the two girls got out of the car quickly went up on the side porch gave us a wave and they slipped in the door and it closed. John backed out and took me me home. Then he left and headed home. Thus this double date was over. * I did call Ruthie the next night and she and Joanne didn't get in trouble for commingin s late on our date. So that tuurned out to be a good thing.

John had Joanne wipe up the mess from the spraying beer and they settled down on the front seat together again. Ri

