Vicky's introduction to piss play and another taboo kink

9th June 2022, 07:01 PM

Author: thanks

Location: Canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 210

This is a direct follow up to my story $t/community/...w-member/68145/

Please note, this story contains period play so if that isn't your kink you've been warned

Vicky heard the hotel room door close behind her. She followed Tom and Sandy to the elevators. Her dress was wetter than she let on to Joe. She could feel her nipples straining against the cold wet fabric. Being that the dress was white with some light yellow stains her nipples were visible through the fabric. When Vicky stepped into the lobby it was busier than she expected. She walked boldly towards the door. There was one old guy staring at her lust clear on his face. Vicky didn’t mind being looked at but the lecherous look on his face was too much.

Vicky walked right up to him getting within an inch or two from his face.

“How do I smell?” asked Vicky.

The creepy old dude inhaled deeply. He had a confused look on his face, “A little like piss.”

Vicky looked at him defiantly and said “That’s right but I would never let you piss on me.” She turned and walked out the front doors.

Tom and Sandy were already sitting in their car when she got there. “Ugh, guys like that piss me off. I like to be pissed on not pissed off.” She added with a chuckle. On the ride home Vicky smiled at the evening they had. Tom and Sandy were right Joe and Emma were a lot of fun. She had a wonderful time.

Feeling relaxed Vicky flashed back to the first time she had pissed in front of someone. She enjoyed the sensation of peeing more than her girlfriends. She loved pissing and also loved to hear her friends pee. It’s a shame they always want to talk while peeing. It is like they are trying to hide the fact that they are pissing. Girl, be proud! Vicky and her friends had been at a nightclub and the drinks had arrived on their table from every hopeful in the place. Each time the server brought a new drink Vicky would ask for a glass of water. She didn’t mind being tipsy but didn’t want to get too drunk.

The evening had been a lot of fun; she had danced with a few guys but mostly stayed with her girlfriends. When they got outside and started waiting for a taxi she had to pee more than she realized when she was inside. She started dancing around holding her hand to her crotch. She was going to pee through her panties if she wasn’t careful. She looked at her friends said “I need to find a place to pop a squat.”

Mindy said, “You are going to pee outside?”

Vicky responded, “If I don’t I am going to wet my panties.”

Vicky walked away from her friends towards the alley beside the club. She walked past garbage bin focused on her need to pee. She backed herself up against the garbage can, hiked up her skirt and moved her panties to the side. She was peeing before she was even fully in the squatted position. Once she was squatting and enjoying feeling of relief she looked up and saw there was a man with his cock out pissing not more than ten feet from her. Her need to pee overrode her need to be modest. She smiled at him and watched him while he watched her.

It could have been a trick of the lighting but she was sure she could see his cock get hard as he was peeing. She realized that he was getting turned on watching her pee. She watched him try to shake his now hard cock. He was looking at her and started to smile with a question on his face. Was he asking if it was okay to rub one out? She nodded back at him and he started stroking his cock while she was still peeing.

Vicky had always had a large bladder and would often pee three or four times longer than any of her friends. She recalled all the water she drank and wondered if he could cum before she was done peeing. He was beating his meat like it owned him money but all good things must come to an end. Vicky could feel the end of her piss approaching but was enjoying watching him pee. She stopped peeing for a second but was then able to push out a bit more. She reached down and could feel some pee drops on her pussy. She wiped up them with her fingers and stuck her fingers in her mouth. This had the desired effect as she watched his cum shoot out and land in his piss puddle.

Smiling she moved her panties back, pulled her dress down and waved goodbye. When she walked back out to where her friends where she saw them walking towards a cab. She hustled to get in the cab. In the cab ride home she debated telling her friends what had just happened but wasn’t sure how they would respond. She couldn’t believe how wet she was.

Rushing to her apartment Vicky couldn’t wait to touch herself. She ran to her room not bothering to turn the lights on and removed her dress and panties. She threw back her bedding and hopped into bed. She started fingering her extremely wet pussy. She had never been this wet before. She would alternate between finger fucking her pussy and teasing her clit. She could feel moisture running down her ass onto her bedding. She was getting close and tasting herself she always got her there. Sticking her wet hand in her mouth while keeping the other on her clit she noticed that she tasted different not bad just different a little bit more coppery than usual. Her orgasm ran through her and she felt herself get even wetter. After her orgasm had run its course she pulled the blankets around her falling asleep in record time.

The following morning she flung the bedding back to get out of bed. It looked like someone had been slaughtered in here. She must have started her period in the cab and that’s why she felt so wet on the ride home. Vicky stripped the bedding off and saw that her mattress cover had blood on it as well. She gathered everything and put it all in the washer. Vicky got into the shower and started washing herself off. Her clit was begging for attention. She moved her hands down and started playing with her clit while the water was running over her. She played with her clit while finger fucking her pussy. She looked down to see blood mixing with the water running down the drain.

Her shower orgasm was extraordinary. Why had she waited so long to masturbate while on her period? Her orgasms were so much more intense. It seemed that menstruating caused her hormones to spike. From that point forward she looked forward to her period in a way she never had. She would come home from work strip naked remove her tampon and masturbate in the shower. She wasn’t bothered by the blood at all it was just easier to wash everything away in the shower than to have wash her sheets all the time.

During this time of self-revelation Vicky had started to see a guy. Mark was cool and he could fuck like a demon possessed. One day after sex Vicky was sitting on the toilet peeing when Mark walked in watching her pee. She found herself opening her legs so that Mark could get a better look.

“Would you ever consider doing that on me?” asked Mark.

“You want me to pee on you?” Vicky responded.

“Absolutely!”

In the week that followed that conversation Mark and Vicky were introduced to the world of watersports. Vicky started off peeing on Mark when they were together in the shower. He would then pee on her. She enjoyed watching him pee with a hard on. Watching his piss shoot into the air was captivating to watch. They had been enjoying some sexy time in the shower. Vicky was on her knees blowing Mark. He looked down at her.

Mark pulled her off of his knob and said, “I have to pee.”

Vicky responded, “Go ahead.”

That was the first time that Mark pissed on Vicky’s face. She even opened her mouth and caught some of his piss. She swallowed it with a flourish and said, “You taste great!”

Mark asked, “Do you have to pee?”

Vicky indicated that she did. Mark and Vicky traded places. Soon he was on his knees. Mark placed his mouth over Vicky’s pussy as she started peeing. She quickly filled up his mouth. Mark pulled back as some of her piss ran out of his mouth. He quickly swallowed and went back for more. From that point forward piss play became part of their regular routine.

It has been over three weeks since Vicky had her period and she could tell it would be here either that evening or the following morning. Vicky had not confided in Mark that she got extra horny when she got her period. She knew that men got freaked out by women’s menstrual cycle but she wanted to include him in that part of her life.

That evening shortly before bed Vicky felt herself getting wet she didn’t know if she was excited or had started her period. Either way it was time to put her plan into action. She told Mark to get naked and meet her in the bedroom. When Vicky got into the bedroom she saw Mark lying naked on the bed star fished and semi hard. She told him to turn off the light on the nightstand.

“I want to fuck in the dark tonight.”

Mark turned off the light and Vicky removed her clothes. She climbed on the bed and started sucking his dick. It didn’t take long for him to get to full mast. She got him nice and wet she slid her pussy down on him leaning forward to kiss him. She rode him for a while before he sat up grabbing her by the waist and flipped her over while still inside of her. He fucked her for a while before she felt him slid out of her extremely wet pussy. She was pretty sure she had her period but since the room was so dark she couldn’t tell. He moved his way down her body taking a nipple in his mouth. Mark spent a couple of minutes paying attention to her tits before he started making his way down to her pussy. She hadn’t planned on him eating her out but couldn’t find the strength to stop him.

Mark moved his mouth over Vicky’s clit and started doing that thing with his tongue that always drove her crazy. In her extra horny state she could feel every action like he was yelling it. His slow movements of his tongue over her clit made her jump.

“Wow!” exclaimed Mark, “You are so wet!”

Vicky felt Mark’s tongue hone in on her clit. She came almost immediately! She grabbed his hair and pulled him tight to cunt as she rode is face cumming harder than she ever had before. She started coming down from her orgasm and commanded him to fuck her hard. Mark moved back up to face her kissing her as he slid his beautiful cock into her pussy. She could taste the blood on his mouth. She felt more turned on than ever before. Knew she would come again shortly. Mark was surprised by how turned on Vicky was. He felt himself spasm inside her filling her cunt up with his seed.

Vicky felt Mark spasming and filling her up with is cum. Her second orgasm hit light a freight train. She felt like she came for five minutes. Mark did his best to keep fucking her even as his erection started to wane.

“Holy fuck! That was the best sex we’ve ever had!” exclaimed Mark.

Mark moved to get out of bed when Vicky said, “Stay with me.”

Mark laid down on his back and Vicky curled up with her head on his chest. She wanted to wait until the morning to reveal why the sex had been so good and hoped that Mark would not be too upset.

“Vicky, wake up!” Mark yelled, “You got your period!”

Vicky rolled over seeing the blood all over Mark, “I know.”

“You knew? We had sex and you knew you were on the rag?” Mark asked.

Vicky couldn’t tell if he was upset or not. She got out of bed and started stripping the bedding.

“That’s why the sex was so good.” Vicky said in a subdued tone.

“Period sex turns you on?” Mark said trying to hide his surprise.

“This was my first time having sex while on my period and yes I was extremely turned on.” Vicky replied, continuing, “I usually masturbate in the shower while on my period but this was way better.”

Mark looked at the blood stained sheets and said, “Well we might want to play in the shower moving forward then.”

“You’re not angry with me?” Vicky asked.

“No but I do wish you had told me before hand.” Mark said.

“Would you have gone down on me if you did?”

Mark put his hand to his chin feeling the dried blood on his chin, “Probably not but I think now that I know what to expect I am okay with it.”

Vicky ran up to him and embraced him, “What did I do to deserve you?”

Mark and Vicky got the bedding into the washing machine and hopped into the shower. They washed the blood off of their bodies and started making out. Vicky got down on her knees pulling Mark’s throbbing cock into her mouth. She felt him start to piss. Mark looked down to see Vicky smiling with his cock in her mouth. She swallowed a lot of his piss but aimed some to her face and tits. Once he was done she stood up. Mark started kissing his way down her body and got on his knees in front of her. He could see a small line of blood running down her leg. He placed his mouth over her piss hole and she started to pee in his mouth.

Like usual she peed much longer than he did but when she was done he moved up a little bit and started licking her clit. Vicky was already turned on but felt her body really come alive when his tongue touched her clit. It didn’t take long and she was pulling his head tight against her as she came intensely. When Mark stood up he had a little bit of blood on his chin. She kissed his chin as she moved them under shower head. Once they were clean and toweled off Vicky sat down on the toilet. Mark watched as she inserted a tampon. Vicky watched as Mark’s cock started to pulse.

“What did you say to the old creep?” Sandy asked, snapping Vicky out of her reminiscing.

Vicky a little verklempt said, “I walked right up to him and asked him to smell me. I saw the look of surprise when he smelled pee. I bet he is wacking off right now.”

Vicky watched as they approached her office building. “You were right Tom, Joe and Emma were a lot of fun. Let me know when we can get together with them again.”

Tom got a peek at her cute pussy and ass as she got out of the car and said, “I promise!”

