Kathy and Suzy, Part 1 (f/f watersports)

4th November 2010, 04:33 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Kathy Simmons was happy to have her niece, or more, appropriately, her step niece, Suzy, over for the week. It had been just four months ago that her brother, Gary, had married Suzy's mom, Sheila, but in those four months Kathy and Suzy had grown extremely close. Now Suzy, a freshman at the local community college, was coming over to stay with her during Spring Break while Gary and Sheila went out of town. Suzy was old enough to stay by herself, of course, but she really enjoyed hanging out with Kathy, and was thrilled when the offer to stay w/ her was made.

Kathy was still shocked at how quickly everything had worked out between Gary and Sheila. Kathy and her other brothers, Jake and Andy, had always figured Gary would be a life-long bachelor, as he always loved the lifestyle. They joked with him that he should install a revolving door in his three bedroom house, given the fact that he seemed to have a new girlfriend every time they saw him. Every time he introduced them to a real looker, Jake, Andy, and Kathy would always joke with him that would take the girl after Gary dumped her. Kathy always made sure to make these jokes out of earshot of the girls; while many knew that she was a lesbian, she feared that they might be uncomfortable knowing that she found them attractive.

Something changed after Gary met Sheila. He would get upset when his siblings made those jokes; in the past he would laugh right along with them. She became the only girl he was ever with, something they thought would never happen. At first they believed the change must be due to the fact that their older brother just turned 40, and had decided to grow up. After a while, though, it became clear that he had just fallen head over heels in love with the thirty six year old beauty. It came as no surprise when they announced that they were getting married, even though such an announcement would have shocked them just a couple of months before.

It wasn't until the wedding that they met Sheila's 18 year old daughter, Suzy. The college freshman was certainly a beauty: 5'7" inches tall, long, straight blond hair, green eyes, and a body that appeared to be sculpted by an artist. Andy, standing next Jake and Kathy, was the first to make a comment: «Wow, Gary can have Sheila, I'll settle for the daughter!»

«Andy, you pig!» exclaimed Kathy. «This girl is going to be our niece! God, I'm glad that neither Gary nor Sheila heard you say that! Get a fucking grip!» Kathy couldn't believe that while, at 30, she was the youngest in the family, that she was by far the most mature.

«Calm down. You know, we're not really related to her,» said Jake. «Andy was just making a joke. You have to admit, though, that she is quite the hottie.» Kathy gave them both a nasty stare, and then went to welcome Suzy to the family.

Kathy and Suzy ended up talking a lot during the wedding, and they had spent a lot of time together ever since. It was no surprise that Suzy had taken to Kathy. Her new aunt had always looked younger than her age and had a fun, outgoing personality. In addition, Kathy, with her dirty blonde hair and athletic figure, was a looker herself. The pair looked liked and acted like a couple of close friends.

Kathy heard Suzy's car pull up in the driveway, and went to the door to greet her. After chatting for a while, Kathy ordered some pizza, and they ate in family room while watching some horror flicks that Suzy brought over. Afterward they talked about how Suzy's freshman year was going, what was new at Kathy's job, Suzy's new boyfriend, and how Kathy was feeling after the recent breakup with her girlfriend. Eventually Kathy became tired, hugged Suzy good night, and went to bed.

Suzy, who was still wide awake, went to the spare bedroom, where she turned on the TV and flipped channels, looking for something interesting to watch. As she laid down and watched the TV she could feel that her bladder was pretty full. For as long as she could remember she enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder, and would often hold as long as she could. Recently she discovered how much she enjoyed playing with herself when she had a full bladder. She quickly decided that she would take advantage of her bladder tonight.

Flipping channels she ran across a «Skinemax» movie. «Typical Skinemax softcore bullshit,» she thought to herself, «but it's better than nothing.» As she watched the movie she started to rub herself, first from outside her panties, and, quickly afterwards, from within. The combined feeling of her full bladder and her finger massaging her clit was electric, and quickly sent Suzy into a strong orgasm.

Suzy suddenly realized that she had underestimated how full her bladder was, as she lost control of it as soon as she started to cum. The sensation of her piss hitting her hand, soaking her panties, and puddling under felt hot and naughty to Suzy, strengthening the power of her orgasm. Normally quiet when she came, Suzy screamed out in ecstasy.

###

Kath woke up, badly needing to piss. She quickly headed to the bathroom attached to the master bedroom, then remembered that it wasn't flushing properly. «Shit! I'm going to have to fix that first thing in the morning!» she thought, as she made her way to bathroom in the hallway.

Upon reaching the bathroom she heard a shriek coming from Suzy's room. Worried, Kathy quickly opened the door and turned on the light. «Suzy, are you OK?»she asked. She was not prepared for the sight that greeted her.

Suzy was lying in bed in a sports bra and a pair of very wet panties, her hand inside those panties vigorously fingering her pussy, with piss flowing out, puddling under her ass, and soaking the sheets. As shocking as this sight was, Kathy also found it to be very erotic.

The sound of the door opening and the sight of the light turning on shocked Suzy back into reality. She quickly removed her hand from her panties, opened her mouth in horror, and then tried to hide her face with her hands. «Oh my god, Kat, I'm so sorry, I  I  I, oh fuck, I didn't »

«Suzy, calm down, it's OK. I've really got to piss, but I'll be right back to talk about this. Don't worry about it, really.»

Kathy quickly moved across the hallway to the bathroom. Seeing the piss flowing from Suzy had done nothing to help her bladder. As she rushed to the toilet she remembered an old girlfriend who had suggested they try watersports. They hadn't gone far, but that memory, and the sight of Suzy pissing her panties while masturbating, made Kathy horny, and gave her an idea. As she sat on the toilet she lifted up her long night shirt, but kept her panties on. She began to rub her pussy as she started to piss.

The feeling of her hot piss hitting her hand and falling through her fingers as she rubbed was amazing. She also enjoyed the feeling of how her increasingly wet panties felt as she rubbed them against her pussy. She tried to think of her old girlfriend as she masturbated and rubbed herself, but her thoughts kept returning to Suzy, pissing and masturbating. Shortly after finishing her piss Kathy had her own orgasm.

Kathy returned to Suzy's room to find the girl sitting up on the bed, tears in her eyes. «I'm sorry, Kat, you must think I'm some kind of baby, or pervert, or something. I'm so embarrassed! I'm sorry.»

Kathy tried to reassure her. «Suzy, I don't think any of those things, and don't be embarrassed. A couple of years ago I had a girlfriend who had read about and wanted to try watersports.»

«Watersports?»

«You know, golden showers, pee games, that kind of thing. I went along, in order to please her. We didn't get very far - watching each other pee, and placing our hands in each other's streams was about as much as we did. It was fun, erotic. We would have certainly gone further if I hadn't dumped her for being a lying, conniving, cheating bitch. After we broke up I really hadn't given much thought about this watersports stuff until tonight. When I went to go piss right now I thought about her, and what we had done together, and decided to have some fun. See?» With that, Kathy lifted up her night shirt, revealing her wet panties.

«Look, Kat, you didn't have to piss your panties to try to make me feel better.»

«Suzy, I didn't do it for you, I did it for me. I wanted to do it, and it felt incredible. All you did was awaken some feelings I had buried after a nasty break up. Honestly, I'm not upset, and I don't think bad about you. I completely understand.»

Kathy's story about playing pee games with an old girlfriend helped Suzy to calm down, and she started to believe Kathy's story as to why she pissed her panties. Still, there was the huge mess she had made of the bed. «But what about your bed? I probably ruined your mattress.»

«No you didn't. When Jake's little boy was going to spend the night I bought a waterproof mattress cover just in case. The mattress is fine, and the sheets can be washed. In fact you can all of the fun on this bed that you want. We can always do laundry. In fact, why don't go to the hall closet and grab some fresh sheets. I'll go ahead and strip the bed.»

When Suzy returned with the sheets she found that Kathy had already stripped the bed and had the wet ones crumpled up in a pile on the floor. «Do you mind if I wash my panties and bra w/ the sheets. My panties are soaked, and the bra got a little wet as well.»

«Of course not,» Kathy replied.

To Kathy surprised Suzy stripped off her bra and panties right then and there and threw them in a pile. Kathy's efforts not to think of her brother's step daughter in a sexual way were taking quite a beating tonight, and seeing the statuesque blonde standing naked in front of her was not helping any. It took all of her will power not to stare at Suzy as the two of them made her bed. It took more will power not to turn Suzy's quick hug after they finished into a lasting embrace.

«Good night, Kat, and thanks for being so understanding.»

«No problem, Suzy. Remember, there's nothing wrong with what you did. Feel free to experiment all you want this week. I'll understand.»

Kathy grabbed the sheets and headed off to the laundry room, happy to be away from the beautiful, sexy, naked girl. As she was loading the sheets she pulled out Suzy's panties

. She couldn't help but catch the scent of the piss soaked panties

, which turned her on. She brought them to her face and took and deep sniff; she could feel her nipples harden under her night shirt. To her surprise, most likely out of some kind of primal reflex, she started to lick the panties

. Her hand immediately slipped inside her own wet panties

, and she started to finger her pussy. She continued to sniff, lick, and even gently suck on the panties

, and soon had her second orgasm of the night.

«What the fuck I am doing?» she thought to herself as she came off of her orgasm. «She's Gary's step daughter. In a large way she's my fucking niece. What the fuck is wrong with me? What the fuck would Gary and Sheila say if they found out?» Kathy stripped off her own wet panties

, through them in the washer, started the load, and went to bed, very upset at her thoughts, feelings, and actions that night.

