Pee Party

7th December 2008, 11:49 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

My husband Josh and I just returned from a genuine honest to goodness pee party and we wanted to tell you about it because untill our first "party" almost a year ago, we really had no idea whatsoever what really went on in the company of others who enjoy this sport. Before we went we only had immaginationed what might happen and let me tell you real life is much better.

This 'group' which we were first invited to join last winter consists of six couples all with different interests in life. Josh and I are the youngest at 23 and 25 years. Ages vary, one couple is in their 30's, another in their 40's, two in their 50's and another in their 60's. At first we were reluctant to socalize with others much older then us, but after meeting the others we realized age is no barrier to having fun. Josh and I were introdiced to this group by another nudist couple we know who happens to be in their 60's. We two are the only real time nudists in the group, although others do get naked to party.

Our gatherings start out as any normal dinner party might, generally everyone arrives at the host couples home rether well dressed, unless its summer and a casual eveiing is planned. Immediately upon arrival loads of liquid refreshment are made available and everyone begins drinking coffee, tea, water, soft drinks or whatever. Alcohol is rarely used at our events, unless its a special celebration. Dinner is generally buffet style and conversation usually covers the current state of the ecomomy, politics, or other timely topics. Most everyone gives details as to the amount of liquids consumed prior to their arrival.

Generally the host couples decide in advance if they want everyone to empty their bladder immediately upon arrival or not, say for a holding contest, or a contest to see who can produce the most liquid in a certain time span. The host couple at this months event, the couple in their 40's are swingers (no swinging takes place within our group, or at our events). The invitations for this event had announced it was ladies night, that is all the women would decide what they wanted to do or see. One of our group, Madeline is quite predictable, she arrives dressed to the hilt and always enjoys being peed on fully dressed. She prefers to wear her pee soaked clothing for a couple of hours before changing into sweats, or jeans and a tee shirt.

I'm sure she has ruined more than one nice outfit but thats her thing and we all attempt to accomodate her. As usual this weekend she was dressed in heels, dark hose and a beautiful skirt topped off with a silk blouse, blazer, and jewlry to match. Her husband removed his sports jacket immediately upon arrival. The other couples were nicely dressed, myself included. Josh and I chose to change into sweats right after dinner as did most everyone, except for Madeline. During our dinner more than one person predicted they would have to go within 30 minutes as everyone continued to consume liquids at a steady pace. Most of our dinner conversation centered on what everyone wnated to see, or do, or have done during the evening. Anticipation does make things so much better.

The minute we finished dinner two gentlemen announced it was time. We all went to the basement recreation room which is equiped with a portable plastic wading pool and a large open type shower minus the walls and shower curtains. Madeline chose to be seated in a plastic patio chair while both of the husbands who had to go took their individual turns soaking her. Madeline was in extasy. The hosts wife who had recently changed into jeans now entertained everyone by peeing in her jeans all the while chatting about her Christmas plans.

Almost before she was done, one of the husbands announced he was thirsty, a signal he was after some pre consumed refreshment. One of the wives obliged him and he did not waste a single drop. By this time I was bursting so I removed ny sweats - i wore nothing underneath. I have this quirk, I have to be 100% naked to enjoy a pee, but thats post for another time. As I was undressing one of the husbands asked me to stand on my head, something I learned to do just about the time I entered school. Peeing upside down has to be done on a bursting bladder in order to 'force' the gold upwards to be discharged. It took me a good two minutes to get in position and relax enought to start a flow, but once flow started there was no stopping it. Everyone clapped when I was done. I was quite uncomfortable as my hair was now drenched.Abd since my hair was already drenched, my husband took advantage of my situation and soaked me further, much to everyones satisfaction.

During the evening almost every pee situation was explored: tasting, mouth pee, drinking (as previously mentioned), self pee, desperation holding, drenching, you name it. Most everyong showered off a couple of times during the course of the evening, either in the open full view shower, or in one of the bathrooms. A rather large pile of bath towels was washed, dried, and made available for another use a second time around. We really never ate anything else diring the evening due to being full of liquids.

The party would down about midnight, everyone cleaning up and changing for parhaps the third or fourth time in preparation for their trip out in the 20 some degree Ohio cold. As soon as Josh got outside in the coldhe had to go again. Fortunately it was snowing, hopefully enough to cover the evidence.

As soon as I got in our door at home, I had to go, and Josh wasted no time getting in his favorite position. He really never gets enough.

Emily and Josh

