Pantsu [FD][Self Control]

3rd October 2012, 04:03 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

They came in a little box on her anniversary morning.

He was so very shy - she smiled to herself as she held them, imagining him blushing and aroused in the shop, surrounded by sensuous fabrics and glamorous women, trembling as he considered how each piece might look on *her*, how the soft fabric would cling and press up against her most intimate places, finally making his selection. Silky and pale blue; his strong hands carefully fold them in tissue. Considering ... placing the box just so, where she would find it as she stepped out for work.

Work. They would meet for dinner and cake and ice cream ... and so much more. But for now, she was running slightly late, stuffing the small parcel in her purse and skipping off to the bus stop.

The morning wore on, but her mind was on that package and on *him* - she wanted to wear them, to have these soft things of his laying up between her legs, to feel the silky touch of the fabric. And so when, as dictated by ritual and need, she popped off to the ladies mid-morning, she brought them with her. A small piece of paper fell to the floor as she shook them out - "Let No One Remove These but Me". How romantic, she thought, the cool smoothness caressing her gently.

He was on her mind continually - through the mid-morning, and through lunch, and through the sleepy early afternoon. What they would do together, how his hands would run up under her skirt, follow the seams of his gift, caressing her through the thin fabric. And so, when as dictated by ritual and need, she popped off to the ladies mid-afternoon, she dared caress the gusset, pleasurably, and was unsurprised to find it slightly dampened. And she locked the stall and she hiked up her skirt, and she stopped.

"Let No One Remove These but Me". She was one to take romance seriously. Peeing would require their removal. She hesitated - she was all ready to go, and she *did* want to go, as was her habit. But no - she would wait. Regretfully, bladder complaining mildly, she let her skirt fall back, and walked out of the restroom unrelieved.

The remainder of the afternoon crawled by - her mind hardly on her work, but half on him and the evening, and half on the growing urgency between her legs. She rarely skipped her afternoon relief, and it was getting harder to control. By quitting time, she was rocking in her seat, pressing herself occasionally against the edge of her chair. Her urgency combined with thoughts of him, not entirely unpleasureable. The minutes ticked by until - finally! - she rose quickly from her seat and walked out.

She found herself unconsciously in the restroom, quickly closing the stall door behind her and hurriedly hiking up her skirt, concentrating in order to control herself and avoid wetting the fabric. Her fingers hooked under the waistband before she remembered - blue silk and "Let No One...". It was with great effort that she calmed her excited bladder, rubbing her thigh hard as her muscles twitched. She remained dry, bladder discipline intact, but confidence waning.

She *really* wanted to urinate badly, and sat there in the stall catching her breath momentarily, bargaining with herself. "Maybe I could just move the gusset to the side?"

"No. That's not in the spirit of the rules."

"I can hold it until I see him."

"I *can*." She got up with great reluctance, her swollen bladder complaining as she walked out of the stall unrelieved for a second time.

Dinner was a ten minute walk away. She walked quickly, slightly bent at the behest of her bladder. She was obliged to reach behind herself and squeeze a couple times as waves of urgency hit, but made it to the cafe. She was, of course, very early - about twenty minutes. She took a seat in the waiting area and pretended to read the menu with her heel tucked between her legs, counting first the minutes, then the seconds. The restrooms were *right* *there* in front of her, mocking her desperate need with their triangular symbols of perfectly normal people who did not need to pee. But romance was romance. And the minutes ticked by.

"Why can't he be early for once?"

"Just like, five minutes early?"

"Okay. If he's not five minutes early, I've *got* to go anyway."

"Fuck romance."

He was not five minutes early. Still she held it, but as the hour flipped over on the clock, and she still didn't see him, she quickly got up and made a mad dash for the door with the little taunting people on it, hurriedly locking the stall behind her, running in place and fumbling with the latch as the pent up urine surged toward freedom. Trembling now, she once more flipped up her skirt and reached underneath to pull at the waistband, barely managing to maintain control.

And her hands felt that silky waistband, the smooth elastic rippling underneath. And she stopped herself. And her hands flew between her legs to momentarily stem the tide, holding it in until the spasms subsided. She could not remember wanting the toilet so badly ever before in her life, but she held herself there, poised over the bowl, urgently desperate to relieve her need. And she flipped her dress back down, and straightened her hair, and once more walked away from the toilet, awkwardly, her thighs pressed tightly together. Her bladder struggling to betray her. Because romance. That's why.

And she slumped back down on her chair in the waiting area, heel grinding underneath, breathing hard and trembling with the effort. She willed him to appear. She stared at the restroom door. She stared at the umbrella holder in the corner. She considered - "Maybe I can just go without taking them off."

"No. I'm not going to wet myself."

"But if he doesn't show up soon, I *am* going to wet myself." For three long minutes. Until he was suddenly there.

She had anticipated his arrival so desperately that she immediately leapt up and embraced him, grinding herself into his thigh as the urge threatened to overwhelm her. And she was suddenly, unaccountably, shy. He had so much to say - about the present, about the day, about the cafe. And she - who would have easily asked about the restroom casually - felt shame at her impending inability to control her urge. How could she be about to wet herself like a little girl, not an all grown up girlfriend? How could she - a responsible adult - have gotten herself into a situation like this?

And somehow, they were seated. She back on her heel, rocking. Unable to say the words. And in a trembling voice, she ordered. And tried make small talk while thinking of some way - any way - to steer the conversation back to the delicate matter of her overwhelming desire to pee, and the conditions required therein.

There are situations where asking your boyfriend to remove your undergarments is both appropriate and erotic. In public, in a cafe, in a restroom stall with a very real chance of getting a face full of hot liquid as your girlfriend loses control of her bursting bladder is not one of those situations. So instead she rocks and sweats and trembles and makes conversation that involves a lot of monosyllables - a prisoner of her shyness. She not thinking straight, not sure what she can do except try to control herself until an opportunity presents itself.

And somehow, she makes it. Dessert is offered and quickly rejected by both - he seems turned on, maybe by thoughts of the gift between her legs, or perhaps the fidgeting. She almost summons the courage to say something on the way out, but can only get a syllable out as she passes the door to the restrooms once more. They walk down the street, his hand on her bottom. How can he not feel the struggle, the constant squeezing? She furtively grabs herself, shuddering, scanning the side streets for someplace out of the public eye - any place even slightly private.

She feels it coming - the building spasms rising beyond her control, urges too great to resist. It's not much - a corner behind a stairwell - but she can delay no longer. She frantically pulls him behind, and finds her voice. "Take them off! Take them off! I can't hold it anymore!" He is shocked, still. She grabs his hands and forces them up under her skirt. "Take! Them! Off!"

Finally he understands - and tugs them down around her thighs - dribbles of pee soaking in, then turning to a forceful stream, but he doesn't recoil, his hands still on her thighs, now misted with urine. Her breath is coming in sobs, spasms of pleasure at long denied relief. And there is his face, his hands, down between her thighs. And the contractions of her bladder turn to spikes of pure pleasure. Just barely off the street, she has to muffle her cries.

