They Peed Their Bikinis

1st April 2006, 08:03 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I see that there is more and more interest on this board about one of my favorite subjects. I just love a pretty women who will casually pee in her swimsuit. I've written before about a beach area where I hung out for at least fifteen years. Toilets were a long ways from where we partied and with the water being quite cool in the Spring, I guess I've been a lot luckier that most at some of the things I've seen.

During those years, there were at least a hundred of us that generally came to this beach. We gradually obtained more and more ski boats and moved off to an area where we could almost do anything we wanted. Generally we were evenly divided between men and women with some of the women real stunners. Two of the prettiest were from a family of all girls and had some interesting idiosyncrasies.

One afternoon I arrived at the beach from work. The beer had started flowing much earlier and I notice the oldest sister was a little tipsy, with her beautiful breasts nearly falling out of a faded out orange bikini. There was an obvious wet stain covering her love mound and a nearly matching one stretching part way up her bottom crack. She was unconcerned as she moved about the rest of us while we partied through the evening. She never did venture into the water to rinse off and no one said a thing including her boy friend. Her panty gradually dried out leaving a noticeable yellow stain.

I watched her a lot more often after that and noticed a few other times where either she or her sister would just pee in their bikinis rather than walk into the bushes, like a lot of the other women. I never actually saw them pee, I just would notice the resultant stains in their swimsuits. I'm sure they just thought it was no big deal and that it was nothing to just «go» if they needed to. These were two women that everyone agreed were just so attractive and sexy that they «could do no wrong».

