Jen and Joe 5

29th April 2006, 03:48 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 5

Back to the Lake

I awoke to Jen's voice, softly asking, «Joe…are you awake?» I stirred sleepily and said В«Yes…now I am, of course.В» В«Wake up! It's getting late and it's a beautiful day. We need to get to the lake.В» I came awake enough to open my eyes and look at Jen. She was lying on her back, propped up on her elbows. В«Watch this…the bed's wet anyway you know.В» She bent her knees a bit to give me a better look, as I scooted down the bed a bit. She closed her eyes, smiling, and within seconds a gentle hiss began as she emptied her bladder in the bed again. I watched the beautiful glistening stain spreading across the crotch of her panties and a dark puddle spreading all around her butt on the sheets. В«Ahh, that's much betterВ» she sighed as the stream dwindled. I reached for her, but she jumped up saying В«Come on - let's get showered and go! We can fool around later.В» I was sad for only a minute as I began to imagine what might lie ahead at the lake.

Showered and dressed, I made a couple sandwiches and put some drinks in the cooler waiting for Jen. She came out looking stunning in a tight short pair of medium blue cotton shorts and a t-shirt that just didn't quite make it to her waistband. В«Aren't you going to wear a bikini?В» I questioned. She motioned to a small tote-bag saying В«I have it in my bag…along with a couple changes of clothes.В» В«You know, just in caseВ» she added, with quite a devilish look on her face.

Pulling out of the driveway, I looked over at Jen as she opened a bottled water and drank down a long sip. I wasn't sure what had gotten into her in the past days, but I certainly wasn't going to complain. She seemed to be relishing our pee games and I couldn't be happier. About half way to the lake she began squeezing her legs together and shifting around a bit. В«Water going through you?В» I asked. She just smiled.

Twenty minutes later she finally exclaimed В«I'm trying to wait for the lake here…but I may not make it.В» В«Aren't we almost there?В» I reminded her that it was still another ten minutes to the park. В«Well I hope it isn't too much longer or your car seat is going to get another drenching like the last time we came up here.В» I had enjoyed her wet seat show that day of course, but told her В«don't you dare…it took two days to dry out the last time,В» I complained, feigning displeasure. Actually I knew she was well hydrated and it wasn't really a big deal - but I wasn't letting her know that.

We pulled into the park and she was obviously relieved. В«Hurry up and park over thereВ» she said, pointing to the first picnic area as we pulled in. В«No, it's a little crowded hereВ» I said, В«Let's go in a little further - I think I remember a more secluded area. I'm sure it is around here somewhere,В» I teased her. В«Joe I'm telling you…you better let me out soon!В» I knew she needed to go pretty bad, but I knew she would rather wait and go by the lake, probably in her bikini, instead of those sexy blue shorts. This was just a little teasing fun between us.

Continuing up the road I saw a park ranger truck heading toward us. В«GreatВ», I said, grinning at her. В«I'll flag down the ranger and ask where the other loop road is.В» В«Joe, if you stop to talk to that ranger, I'm just going to sit here and wet my pants. I just can't wait any more. Your choice, your seatВ» I'm not really a big desperation freak, but I was having fun with our little game. I figured I'd play just a bit longer - I knew she wouldn't really pee right in front of anyone.

I pulled up beside the ranger's truck. В«How are you today sir?В» В«Fine thanks, you two?В» В«Oh, we're good - beautiful day out here. We're looking for the upper road loop. How much farther is it?В» I asked the ranger, feeling a cold stare from the passenger seat. В«Oh just a few hundred feet up to your right,В» he said. В«You can't miss it.В» В«Thanks much,В» I said, putting the car in gear to pull forward. Before I could get moving, В«It's a real nice area up there.В» He continued, В«If you are looking to picnic, I'd say the second curve has the best tables.В» В«But if you want to swim…В»

About then I heard three softly spoken words from the other direction, В«I warned you.В» Followed immediately by В«Ahhh…В» I couldn't believe it. Looking out the corner of my eye I could see Jen, legs pressed together, in full flow. A big stain was spreading across the crotch and front of her shorts, while she just sat with a smirk on her face, looking out the windshield.

«…I'd stop at the first curve. That's a better area for swimming with a deeper cove.» I couldn't believe he didn't notice Jen peeing her pants, but I couldn't exactly tell his line of sight through the window. Trying to discreetly look over to Jen, I could see the wetness spreading around her on the seat, and the crotch of her shorts still glistening in the sunlight. I finally finished up with the helpful ranger and pulled down into the picnic area. В«I'm sorry Jen,В» I said, worried that she was mad. В«I didn't really think you had to go that bad. I didn't mean for you to have an accident.В»

«Accident?» She questioned, smiling again. В«I ought to torture you a while longer, but the truth is I was really bursting, but I just decided to let loose while sitting thereВ» I know at that point I had a confused look on my face. В«I don't know why, but the idea of wetting in front of the ranger got me really hot all of a sudden. I didn't think he could see real well from his angle anyway, so I just went for it.В» В«I have to tell you, it felt so good, the pee spreading around my ass and the backs of my legs.В»

At that, I was instantly hot again, reaching to grab her wet butt, but she climbed out of the car and headed for the lake. В«Sorry, got to rinse off,В» She teased. I jumped out of the car and ran up behind her, finally feeling the soaked back of her shorts. She finally relented and let me caress the sexy wet fabric for a minute. I was stunned as she confided В«I don't know why Joe, but the idea of someone catching me wetting seems kinda sexy. Maybe we should try something like that again soon.В» I started to ask a bunch of questions and offer some wet fantasies, but she slowed me down. В«Sssh, come on - let's rinse off,В» She said, jumping in the lake for a minute then heading back up to the car to change into her swimsuit.

To be continued,

Joe H.

