Linda Makes a Friend

21st July 2017, 02:13 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

This is my first attempt at writing a story for this site. It is pure fiction. Hope it doesn't break any rules!

LINDA.

People who have unusual interests, particularly on intimate subjects, have a problem. You may know, or at least suspect, that other people share your interest, but you dare not ask for fear of causing offense if you are wrong, or at the very least having people consider you a VERY strange character.

Few social taboos seem to have more persistence than talking about wanting to go to the lavatory, especially a GIRL wanting to go to the lavatory. Considering that everyone in the world has to have a wee, is seems curious that the subject is still considered "Not quite NICE" in polite circles. Quite apart from any obsessive interest, even the normal need has its problems. Most girls visiting a district they were unfamiliar with would have to be in pretty dire straits to stop a passing stranger and ask for directions to the nearest lavatory. In the South of England particularly, to knock on someones door and ask to go to the lavatory is pretty well unthinkable, though Northerners are a bit more relaxed about it. Down here if a stranger asked to use your lavatory you'd suspect they were out to steal something!

It IS slowly getting more openly mentioned, but for many people the taboos still seem to apply in full force.

Of course a little light lubrication loosens tongues sometimes, especially on the subject of sex but you still never know how people will react to your remarks...

I remember having a wet lunch with a mixed group of workmates. You know how it is, a certain cheekiness sets in after a while... As often happens, the subject of a girl's attributes came up, with the usual question of which part of a girl excites you most. All the usual items came up in turn... Her legs... Her bum... Her face... Her hair... Her tits...

All went well until I suggested «Her bladder»! There was a sudden pause, a few weak grins and chuckles... One guy said,

«Eh?.. Why?»... A couple of girls muttered,

«Oh, Yeuk!» Linda, a pretty new girl from Accounts went as red as a beetroot and said nothing. The conversation drifted on to other things. Someone said to me,

«Do you come here often?» Just to be corny, I said,

«Only in the mating season.» Which was greeted with the expected chorus of groans and feeble laughter...

«No, seriously though?..»

«Well yes, I pop in most weeks for a wet lunch during Summer time but I usually come on Friday so I don't have to rush back to work and can afford to get a bit the worse for wear!» As it was a Tuesday, this comment prompted hurried glances at the clock and a mass decision that we'd all better move on PDQ!

I thought no more about our conversations until Friday lunchtime when the firm closed. Most people liked to dash back home to start the weekend as soon as possible but, as advertised, I strolled down to the pub as usual. To my surprise, Linda was standing near the pub door.

«Hi, Linda... Waiting for someone?» She blushed and said, hesitantly,

«Well... Yes... Actually I wanted to have a quiet word with you.»

«Great, always happy to talk to a pretty girl. Fancy a drink?»

«Yes please.» It was a pleasant afternoon so, at my suggestion Linda found a secluded seat in the pub gardens while I got them in, pint of best apiece. We settled down and, as Linda seemed a bit reluctant to come to the point, I let her get a warm glow on first. We were both well into our second pints when Linda snuggled up to me a bit and said,

«Do you remember last time we were here?»

«Of course, it's only a few days ago.»

«You know when all that teasing about girl's legs, hair and so on was going on... «

«Yes... Bit of a giggle, wasn't it!» I slipped an arm around her, and met with no objection.

«Yes, but... That bit about a girl's bladder... Was it ONLY a giggle or are you really interested in a girl... Well... You know?..» This was looking interesting!

«I wasn't kidding. I love knowing a girl wants to go to the lavatory, especially if she can't and has to hold herself. To tell the truth, I was a bit afraid I'd upset you last Tuesday, you went as red as a beetroot!» Linda was quiet for a bit, then responded to my arm by slipping hers around me, then she said,

«I know... I was a bit embarrassed but not because the subject upsets me... Quite the opposite in fact. I was taken a bit off guard because the remark struck so close to home.»

«You are fascinated by people wanting to have a wee?»

«Mainly myself actually... For as long as I can remember I've loved to dare myself... Risk putting myself in an awkward situation...» This was really looking good!

«What sort of daring things would you do?»

All sorts of things that might put me in a desperate situation. Sometimes I'd pick a long journey, one with no lavatories on the way... Have plenty of drink and set out without having a wee first... Rely on being able to hold myself until I got home. Of course, I usually couldn't and ended up doing it all in my knickers!» She snuggled closer to me and added, confidingly,

«Talking of girls wanting to have a wee, I really need one at the moment. After all that beer it's coming on pretty quickly!» I gave her a hug and said,

«Thanks for telling me. It's lovely, knowing that a pretty girl like you wants to go to the lavatory.» Her hand slid down over my belly, feeling the bulge under it...

«Wow, it's hard already. Knowing I want to have a wee really turns you on, doesn't it!» She hesitated a moment, suddenly shy, and said,

«I'm sorry... I hope I'm not giving the impression that I'm... Well... An easy lay...»

«Good Heavens no! You don't strike me as THAT sort of girl at all.»

«No, I'm not. It's just that I love doing this sort of thing, have always wanted to share it with a man but it's SO difficult to find the right person. You have to be so careful what you say or people who don't understand will think you most peculiar...»

«We probably are, but isn't it great when two peculiar people get together!» She relaxed, having got that off her chest!

«Do you want to have a wee badly?»

«Oh, YES... It's getting very uncomfortable and quite difficult to hold myself! It's coming on fast. » She added, giggling,

« My bladder holds beer like a sieve holds water!»

«You've mentioned doing it all in your knickers. Do you really mean ALL?»

«Oh yes That's always been the way for me. Sometimes I accidentally do a little dribble and manage to stop for a minute or two but once it really starts to squirt out of me there's nothing I can do to stop it. I just have to do it ALL in my knickers!»

I fetched our third pints and, when I came back, noticed that Linda was squirming and crossing her legs. I sat down, put my arm around her and said,

«You REALLY want to have a wee now, don't you.»

«Yes... It's coming on SO fast. Do you happen to know where the Ladies lavatory is in this pub.»

«Yes, it's in the next bar but...» Linda giggled as I hesitated, snuggled up to me and said,

«But what?»

«I'd rather you didn't go to the lavatory.»

«I'm really BUSTING now. I'm pretty well at my limit and it's still coming on fast. I can't hold myself any longer.»

«That's why I don't want you to go to the lavatory.»

«Alright then but I MUST have a wee. If you don't want me to go to the lavatory I'll have to do it all in my knickers, is that alright?»

«Of course it is. Would you stand up a moment.» Linda stood up, puzzled. I took her in my arms and pulled her down on my lap, making sure that the back of her skirt was pulled well down underneath her. She said,

«REALLY?»

«Yes, really, we're in it together now.» I could feel her heart pounding and her body trembling with excitement as she said,

«Oh, I'm SO glad I've met you... You're sure you don't mind?»

«No, not at all. Can you still hold yourself a bit longer or is it hurting you?» She giggled.

«It's not hurting, it never does with me.»

«What do you feel when you want to have a wee?»

«It's hard to describe, a sort of sharp feeling right near where it runs out from... It's not exactly and itch or pain or anything else like that, it's just a 'must have a wee' feeling.»

«Do you feel anything higher up... around your belly?» Linda squirmed on my lap and said,

«Oh yes, there's an uncomfortable sort of tense, swollen feeling. I can feel the dull pressure of holding all that wee inside me but that's not the worst part. That sharp feeling 'down there' is getting really bad now. It keeps surging, trying to make me have a wee...It's as though the muscles that hold my wee in are trying to let go and I have to concentrate really hard to hold myself.» A few minutes later she wriggled again, giggled and said,

«It's dribbling in my knickers. I'm trying as hard as I can to stop myself from doing it but I just can't. I can feel any moment now it's all going to squirt out of me full force, just as it does when I go to the lavatory. I can't keep it down to a dribble any longer, I'm going to really have a wee!».

«Can I feel inside your knickers?»

«Of course.» She opened her legs, and smiled happily as I slid my hand up her skirt and through the leg of her knickers, right under the lips that marked the outlet of her bladder. She let me fondle her for a few moments, feeling her wee dribbling in her knickers before she said,

«This is lovely, but I can't hold myself any longer.»

«That's alright Linda... Do it all in your knickers... Have a wee, just as if you were going to the lavatory. Don't hold it back at all.» Linda sighed with relief and pleasure. I felt her hot stream of wee squirting into my hand with great force. It made a puddle in my cupped hand and I could hear the slightly muffled splashing sound as her stream hit it. She certainly must have been busting, she did an enormous amount of wee. It soaked her knickers and skirt... My trousers and pants... And still had plenty over to splash in a growing puddle on the ground. Eventually it gradually slowed, stopped for a moment and then ended with a few dribbling «Afterthoughts.» I kissed her, and kept her sitting on my lap as with dealt with our third pints. Full of Dutch courage now, I brazenly went back to the bar for refills. One or two people caught sight of my wet trousers and grinned. The barman said,

«Caught short then?» I laughed.

«These things happen...What DO you put in that beer of yours?» He just chuckled... He was there to sell beer, not pass judgment, and it didn't seem as though anyone was offended.

I took the spoils back to Linda, and she said,

«Wow... That took NERVE!.. I don't think I'd DARE!» We duly dispatched our beers and decided it was time to go... Go where?... Linda lived about fifteen minutes walk away. We were both past caring what anyone thought as we strolled arm in arm in our soaking wet clothes. Luckily for Linda's reputation, we didn't pass anyone she knew. Needless to say, there was never any question of my sleeping in any bed but Linda's. (Wet or dry as the case may be, we discussed it in some detail and Linda agreed to always ask my permission to go to the lavatory in future. She would obey my decision absolutely, even if she couldn't hold herself!)

