The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 10, Pt 1

9th August 2005, 07:45 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

The Farmer's Daughters, Chap 10, Part 1

This one is a little to long and so I'm posting it in two or more parts. I'll post part 2 if there is enough interest. The other 9 chapters can be accessed under my log in name.

«All right we'll do it,» Ginger finished talking on the phone and hung up. Nancy had just convinced her that last weekend was just to boring and that the three of them shouldn't spend this Labor Day just hanging around the house. Even, if they could have the place to themselves, they just needed to find a way to have more fun. Katie had her parents cabin and boat again. The Lake was the place to spend the holiday. After all, everyone would be there, possible some new guys to.

Ginger immediately started packing, bringing the things that she new she would need. The weather was still plenty warm even if the Lake water was cold. She new from the other times she had been there that she needed her sexiest stuff if she had any chance of attracting the guys. There was that much competition, mainly because there were sometimes more women than men.

She knew what they liked in a girl her age and so she threw in a couple of pairs of heeled sandals to go along with a new pair of jean short shorts that she saved for just such a trip. They'd only been washed a couple of times and the first time she wore them was in the shower and then let them dry next to her skin before taking them off. The result was almost a glove fit. She also packed her naughtiest swimsuits, another pair of shorts and long pants with assorted blouses, T-shirts and tops. She didn't know if they would be getting wet but maybe. Thinking about being wet made her add another couple pairs of her favorite high cut panties for her own «little problem».

Remembering that «little problem» caused her to instinctively reach around to her bottom and pull her panties loose. The old cotton twill shorts that she was wearing were almost dry and when she looked down at the front the only evidence remaining of her release this morning was a nearly dry yellow stain on the tan background. She should have gone to the toilet before her walk to the mailbox, but she hadn't been thinking about her need to pee until she was almost there.

She was distracted by a letter from an old boyfriend and subconsciously just spread her legs a bit to relieve the pressure in her bladder and then just started dribbling. By the time she realized what was happening, it was already to late and just decided «what the heck». Beautiful Ginger just stood in the drive way with the mail in one hand and a steadily growing stain in her very brief shorts. It was not unusual for her to go in her pants and she really thought very little of it, especially, if like today, she was home alone. No one would be around to say anything, especially about the stain surrounding her little pussy. Besides it wasn't uncomfortable and like she said when she had confided in Katie a few times, «it kept her feeling really sexy and all tingly».

She continued reading before returning to the house to complete the few chores she had set for herself earlier in the morning. There wasn't any real need to change her pants and so she spent the morning enjoying the coolness between her legs. Just about the only inconvenience to wetting her pants was the bunching of her cotton panties. She regularly needed to pull them out of her pussy lips or butt crack. But, while in the process she found herself running her hand over the evidence of her little accident. Her hand usually lingered the most feeling the wet area surrounding her swollen, lubricated pussy.

The girls would be here soon and Ginger thought she had better change her cloths, shower and get ready for the drive. Entering the bathroom she pulled down her shorts, exposing her off white, high cut, cotton panties. She noticed that they were stained with that yellowing discoloration well above the double crotch band both front and rear. She slipped the shorts and panties down her long legs and threw everything into the laundry basket, then stepped into the shower. Her mom would probably wash the cloths later.

Katie and Nancy arrived in Katie's mom's Chevrolet Tahoe. Everything was loaded and they were off for the trip to the Lake. They immediately opened a Corona from the ice chest and were at the cabin almost before they realized it.

«Common you guys let's change into our swimsuits and go out to the island. That's where everything is happening. I heard that they are having a band in addition to all the recreational stuff.» Nancy hadn't even unpacked her things before she changed into her turquoise bikini and tiny pull over cream colored, T-shirt. She also stuffed a pair of short shorts in her purse for later. She was quickly ready and the others hurried to join her for the walk over to the boat dock.

Katie changed too, slipping on a pair of high-heeled sandals that only accentuated her lovely butt. She was wearing the same off white, one piece that she peed in the last time they were here. Nancy looked at the way it hugged Katie's pussy thinking back to the stain that had been present then. If she did it again her T-shirt would not pull down enough to cover the evidence.

Ginger changed into her new shorts and decided to wear a blue two-piece swimsuit under them. This one was cut very high and tied on the sides, but rather fully covered her rounded bottom in back. It certainly wasn't as brief as what Nancy was wearing. She wasn't sure, but as usual didn't plan on getting into the water.

Nancy had been right. The Island was really crazy with all the festivities. There was, as always, no shortage of alcohol and many were feeling its affect in the hot afternoon sun. People were coming and going from the open-air bar, drinks in hand. Our girls though, had taken a cooler full of beer with them and decided to sit on the grass near a mixed group of men and women playing volleyball.

Katie asked for another beer and as she did she thought she recognized the pretty blond that she and Ginger had seen the last time they came here. «Hey Ginger, remember her, she must be a regular. She really has the hot body for that swimsuit. I'll bet the guys love it.» Katie continued to check her out as the blondes girlfriend called out 'Cheryl, get that one'.» Katie continued, «I swear she's done it again.»

Ginger caught on and realized that it was true. «I don't think she cares or she is just so much of a «hottie» that it makes it ok. That aqua colored one piece isn't going to hide a thing. Katie, remember the last time we saw her, I was sure that later in the afternoon she peed herself a second time. She either has a lot of nerve or a lot of confidence».

It was true. They watched the blond called Cheryl as she rotated positions during the game. It was very obvious that she had wet herself, probably earlier and not even bothered to rinse off. Still, her light colored swimsuit couldn't hide a thing and the girls noticed more that a few of the spectators commenting about her stained crotch. They watched from every angle as she returned serves, set the ball for a spike and really demonstrated her skill at the game. Usually after a point was made she would either pull her swimsuit loose from her crotch or reach around with each index finger to pull the rear of her suit over her exposed rounded little bottom. She had an athlete's legs plus an incredible figure. This lady was a real hard body.

Katie speculated that she had probably been wet like that for at least a couple of hours, because while the stain was very obvious it was also nearly dry. It was almost of equal size either from the front or rear suggesting that she must have done it standing. A coffee cup saucer might cover it but just barely. As Katie watched Cheryl and the attention she attracted, she thought more and more about this thing with women wetting themselves. «Maybe,» she thought, «there was something to it. Was Ginger really on to something or was she just imagining that this could be really daring.» Her own need was rapidly approaching and she wondered if she dare do it. A spurt almost secretly seeped past her pussy lips to moisten her crotch.

Nancy said it first. «This beer is making me really need to pee, are you guys going with me?» Neither, Ginger or Katie said anything and so she waited a minute before following with «You guys wouldn't would you?»

Katie spoke up first, saying, «Ginger, what are we going to do?» She listened for Ginger's reply but there wasn't one. She also knew Ginger well enough by now, to realize that there was no way she would use a filthy toilet. «I know you, your just going to do it in your shorts aren't you. Well, I'm not going into those dirty toilets either, besides we'll just need to go again later. It's to late anyway. I think I've already gone some.»

Ginger finally answered, «no, I'm not going in my shorts, I've got to take them off. We might stay late and I didn't bring a change.» She casually slid her shorts down her long legs and folded them before continuing. «Lets walk over to the bathrooms».

Nancy stood up, but as she did she glanced over, looking at the crotch of Ginger's medium blue swimsuit realizing that she had lied. Ginger had already started dribbling on herself. There was a small stain circling her pussy lips, with little doubt as to its source. Katie got up at the same time as Ginger saying that they could leave their things here since they may not be gone long. She noticed Ginger as well, saying nothing. She was sure that sooner rather than later Ginger would probably wet her pants and the little circle in the crotch of her bikini would get a lot larger. Right now it was nothing.

Ginger on the other hand needed a plan. There was no way she was going «in there» to pee and had almost decided to just go while she was watching the volleyball game. She wasn't used to having to wait and her small bladder was past the full mark. In the last set of the game she'd even let a tiny bit seep out. She was glad Nancy had said something though. She really didn't need to be walking around the island in wet short shorts and heels. Her butt was always on display anyway and she didn't require anything to accentuate it. She had thought to herself for a moment and decided that a wet swimsuit was different. After all doesn't everyone pee in their swimsuits. Well, at least everybody in her family does. She relaxed her hold as they walked toward the toilets. For a couple of seconds there was an almost inaudible hissing sound as the stain on her swimsuit grew, almost encompassing the whole double crotch band.

«Gee's you guys look at that line, we're never going to make it.» Katie was right the island was really crowded and all the facilities were heavily taxed. There were unplanned lines for everything. «Well, we should at least stand in line while we decide».

They joined the end of the line and Ginger glanced around to see if anyone was looking. She made her decision and felt her bikini suddenly go warm and then hot as that quiet hissing continued. She could feel it tickle her little button as it seeped past her lips. Her pee filled her crotch before wicking up the crack of her ass then ran down the insides of both legs past her ankles, wetting her sandals. No one, including Katie and Nancy, noticed it soak into the dirt path they were standing on. She pulled her purse around in front, realizing that she was actually getting good at this.

«I can't wait and don't want to pee right here, come on, lets go for a ride in the boat.» With that Katie stepped from the line and started for the docks. Nancy and Ginger followed. Nancy noticed that Katie's swimsuit was already wet around the base of her butt and was obviously that very moment, wetting. They needed to walk along the path and had to pass in front of the crowded outdoor bar. They drew some stares while passing in front of everyone. Ginger's purse wasn't completely working and she noticed some smiling faces making eye contact with her.

