Concert Pee

20th June 2006, 12:52 PM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

This past weekend, one of my pool business clients invited me to join her and her husband to go downtown to a concert in the park.

Some background:

She was one of my more favorite customers to see around her pool while I cleaned their pool as often she would be sunning in a thong or g-string and had the body that was perfect for that minimal attire. She was also quite friendly, often bringing a lemonaide or tea for me to drink when I finished the pool cleaning.

As I have posted in the past, my pool cleaning 'uniform' consists of a pair of very short ultra low rise cut offs and sun shirts (I had some custom printed tank top t-shirts made up). My shorts often are wet from sunup to sundown, pool water, or perhaps other warm liquid.

One day as I finished up the pool for her, she brought a beverage out to me and invited me to sit down next to her to chat. She was there, sunnin in a beautiful little black thong with a top that just contained her. To my amasement, sitting next to my glass on the table was a article on the medicinal qualities of urine. First thought was had she been realizing that my little cut offs were staying a bit wetter than usual and did she want to know why? I inquired what she thought of the article, which appreared to be 20 pages printed from a couple of interent sites. To my surprise as well, the last page was a reprint of a peesearch.net story. So she will be reading this as well. Perhaps a reply? She said that her and her husband both had been practicing the medicinal values of urine for quite some time since they moved from Denmark 5 years ago. We chatted a bit more but I never let on that I was also a practitioner.

Back to the concert, we picked up the train to downtown in the early evening just as the sun was setting. She had on a pair of ultra tight jeans shorts and a halter top, her husband also had on a pair of jeans shorts but loose fitting. I had on a pair of jeans shorts too, but naturally mine were short shorts as I am a minimalist. She commented that I looked cool and the shorts made my summer tan look fantastic. Her husband smiled and we exchanged greetings. Obviously they have an unusual relationship where she takes the lead and he follows. Ok by me, she could lead me :-)

I had well hydrated myself prior to leaving as it was very hot out. We got off the train and decided to walk to the park which is a good 10 blocks. I really needed to pee but had to hold it until we got to the park. We arrived and found a nice grass section to sit down, she and her husband brought a blanket, unfolded it and sat down. I was sitting just off the blanket i nthe grass as the 3 of us talked and waited for the concert to start and the sun to go down. As it was dusk and I really needed to pee, I thought what the heck, sitting in the grass while talking, I slowly let go, warming my tight cutoffs. I looked down and could see the glistening denim and even though she was engaged in conversation with her husband, I caught the feeling she noticed what I was up to. Once I started I figured I might as well finish, so it was a long relaxed pee. While sitting there, I quickly drank another large water bottle I had brought along and both she and her husband also had as well.

The concert was about to start and she grabbed my arm and said I needed to help her go buy beer at the concession stand. Standing up I could feel wetness that dripped from my shorts as they were totally soaked. The lines at the concession area were jammed, people pushed tight together and she was in front of me holding my hand to lead. Her had 'accidentally' dropped to the front of my wet denim shorts and she reacted to the wetness. Oh my you are wet she said. I knew you were up to something before when sitting in the grass. She grabbed my soaking shorts to feel how wet they really were. She stayed close to me while we made it up to the beer stand she pressed her backside into my wet shorts multiple times, transferring the wetness to her tight tiny shorts.

We got the 3 beers and started to head back when she said stop and pulled be back behind one of the trailers. She drank about 1/2 of her beer and then proceeded to place the cup between her legs and a stream of pee appeared from her denim shorts. Since they were so tight, the we spot was contained and most of the pee went right to the beer causing it to foam. She filled the cup about 3/4 of the way. She then placed the cup under my shorts and instructed me to fill the remainder which since I needed to pee again, I obliged and wet my shorts, pee streaming from the denim into the cup, filling it the rest of the way. I was now dripping wet and had to walk back, I had 2 cold beers in my hands and she had her special mix, she grabbed my shorts and put her hand in my soaking pocket to lead me back to the blanket. We got back just as the first set was starting and all 3 of us enjoyed the evening of music under the stars.

I volunteered to get make a few more beer runs during the show, to stay hydrated, and she requested that I get her what was on tap. And I followed what the customer ordered.

We made it back late to the train and I noticed that her shorts were totally soaked as well on the walk back. Neither she nor I, come to think of it ever made it to the porta potties. Her husband had gone by himself a few times.

We got off the train and parted for the evening, she made the offer for another concert in a few weeks. I would not pass it up for anyting.

Enjoy and take advantage of the warm summer weather.

