/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-10/38457/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 10

13th November 2009, 02:48 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

After having breakfast Luise and I went back upstairs. Both of us needed a shower so thats what we did. At least at her house there was much more hot water to use then at the mobile home where she had baby sat last night. We spent a long time in the shower which both of needed and enjoyed. Once we were don showering we dried off nad both of uss needed to piss.

So Luise stepped over to the toilet raised the lid and the seat right up and stepped back and straddeled over the bowl and I stepped in front aimed my ock at the bowl and we started pissing together into the toilet. Luise had a nice straight down stream going. It was hissing but softly. I had a good stream going to which was passing just to the right of Luise's stream. Our piss streams splashed loud in the water.

As we were pissing I asked Luise what time did she have to be in for work today. Not till six she said to me. Good I said back to her. That means we have some time together before you do have to go to work. Luise now as I was watching her piss while we talked her stream started to slacken off. How bout going for a ride somewhere? I asked her. Luise now was just dribbling as far as pissing. Luise said that sounds good.

After she had stoppped dribbling she did turn and roll some paper from the roll but waited for me for I was still pissing. I stopped for her so she could wipe. She gave her pussy a quick wipe and I stepped back and she stepped forward away from the toilet. She gave me a quick kiss and she told me she was going to get dressed. See ou when you finish! seh saud to me laughing as she left the bathroom. I aimed my cock back to the bowl and resumed pissing.

I pissed I guessed for another 10 15 seconds and then I was done. I flushed the toilet and went down to Luises bedroom and she was half dressed already having put on a nice light blue deep v lacy blouse. She had yet to put on panties, jeans,dress pants or a skirt. So she was still half naked walking around the room.

She asked me what was I going to wear. Not the same clothes I hope she said to me. I have clothes to change into in the car I said back to her. Or do you want me not wear these what I have here right now and go around naked all day? Luise laughed hard. You know that would be fun! I laughed and said back to her. You know if you could be naked all day you would do it! What makes you think I don't! Luise said back to me. I was dressed now and with Luise saying that back to me I said back to her; You know that would not surprise me if you have.

Luise wound up putting on a jeans style short skirt. She looked good in it too. I waited for her to brush out her long red hair and she was not set to leave. We went downstairs and out the back door this time and walked around the back of the house over to where my car was parked still at the end of the old mill road. She got in while I opned the trunk and from my bag I pulled out a white dress shirt,a clean pair of boxers, and a tan pair of dress jeans.

I got in the car and got changed in the car with Luise watching me and smiling or giggling as I changed. I started the car told Luise to unlatch the latch on her side which she did and I did the one on my side and put the top down. It was sunny and warm and I pulled out and we started on our ride. We didn't go far for I wanted to pick up something for a picnic lunch and the place I stopped at was known for its sandwiches and they were now open.

Luise went in with me and we ordered two roast beef clubs to go. We then left there and ahad to drive oiver to Ernie's Grocery for he was the only one open. In we went and got chips, a small jar of pickles, and soda and ice. We left and packed up the cooler in my trunk with the ice, soda, and the sandwiches. I pulled the cooler out and placed it on the back seat. That way it was right there.

I pulled out of ERnies parking lot and and asked Luise any paticuliar place you want to go. Luise laughed and told me any place above Glens Falls, past Saratoga, or east of Schylerville. I laughed and told her that she didn't get far at all. Luise laughed and told me she hadn't. SOME DAY I WILL! Luise said to me very strongly and loudly. I told her that knowing you you will.

I went over and got on the northway north. I had a place in mind and starting here it would now only be about a litle over a hour away even if I kept the speed down to 70mph. Luise asked me if I wanted a soda and I said please to her. She got two out and opened mine and handed it to me. I thanked her and we sipped them as I sped along doing the speed limit at 65.

Soon we were past Glens Falls and Lake George. Luise said she wasnever on this section of the northway as we headed north. I told her it is very seanic which it was. Luise looked at the mountains to the left and even saw the sighn that was put up that this section was voted as the most seanic highway back in 1967 when it first had opened up. THis was done by Lady Bird Johnson LBJ's wife when he was president.

Now being north of Lake George I sped up to 80 mph for I knew this was much less patrolled by the state troopers until near where we were going to get off. This would take more time off and traffic was very light also. Luise turned on the radio searched around for some tunes and she did find a station from Vermont that was good enough to listen to and was playing good tunes.

Luise did ask me where we were going. Oh a nice place I would only say to her. You'll see when we get there. I only told her that it was a nice place for our picnic and that we could go swimming too. Luise put on a big smile. Oh swimming and I don't have a swimsuite with me! That means skinny dipping! I laughed and told Luise that you could. She laughed too.

Less then a half hour later I slowed down t 65 for we were now in the arewa where there might be troopers around for there was a small station where we were going to exit up ahead. In ten minutes we were off from the northway and going east. Luise commented that it was pretty country up around here too.

We sped over the highway and went past two small local lakes which had state parks on them plus both lakes there were seaplane styled planes on them. Luise seeing them told me she would like to take a ride in one. I told her I would too for I yet had flown in any aircraft. ( I have yet today have not flown) Luise told me she had flown in a small plane like those but from land not water.

I slowed down now for we had reached the turn that would take us to where I was taking Luise. I made the left and I told her the name of the pond that was off to our left and we now went down a county local road. Luise asked me how I knew all this. I went on and told her that I had spent summers up here with a friend several years back. I even told Luise my friend now owned land in this area now.

We went through a very little trwon by the end of the pond and I told Luise that the big Victorian place on my sde was a old hotel and now was a museum. I had slowed down and she took a look at it. It wasn't open today for the sighn was up and said closed. Luise said to me to bad I would have liked to have stopped and seen it. I told her how bout for a future date? Luise said yes to that.

I told Luise that wer would be stopping in about ten minutes or so from where we were now. We were following the creek that was on our right. That would be the creek that I would be stopping at further down the road to have our picnic and swim. Luise did take a look at the crek now and then. She asked me if it was good fishing. I told her it was for it is stocked with trout. The state even has a hatchery further down the road in one of the towns.

I slowed down and I pointed to a side dirt road on my side. That's where my friends land is up that road I said to Luise. He has a old trailer as a camp on it right now and plans to build a big place there in the future. I can stay anytime there and bring anyone too. Spend a weekend if you can get one off? I asked Luise. Seeing that it was another possible date Luise said back to me I can try!

In about another ten minutes I slowed right down and pulled off to the side of the road where there was a dirt parkinbg spot along side the road. We are here I said to Luise. The creek was right there only ten feet away. The water was not flowing hard so more of the rocks were exposed. We only had to take a small step to get out on the big flat rock that was there.

I opened the trunk of my car when we got out. I had a big blanket in it and I grabbed that and the cooler. Luise followed me down the slight embankment stepping over the short amount of water that was flowing there on the right sie of the big flat rock. I set the cooler down and the blanket. I said to Luise this is the spot. Luise laughed and told me it was nice but you can't skinny dip here!

I laughed and tod her you couldn't right here but just a little further down you can. I'll show you. As I took her hand I told her the place was stairs falls. There were ledges from rocks that the wter flowed over making aseries of waterfalls. Right now the water wasn't flowing all that hard so the falls were not all that great.

We reached the first edge of a rock ledge which was only a step down and there was a shallow pool of water. I made Luise laugh when I told her it was the kiddies pool. The smaller local kids did use it to swim in. Then we side stepped around that pool and headed to the next ledge. There was a path that went to the edge of the ledge which there was a tree right there you could stand by.

THis ledge was much higher above the next pool down below. There were even more pools further down for this is where the creek through this section did drop down the furthest and made all the falls through here. Luise quickly cught on now that she could see how and what the creek did now. We turned around and as we walked back she asked me which was the best pool to swim in. I told her the second one after the one from the high ledge you were looking from.

We got back to where the cooler and blanket were sitting on the big flat rock. It was sunny on the rock and Luise speaded out the balnket on the rock. After doing that she told me she had to piss befor she was going to eat. Now kust off to herright there was trail that did go over to the wooded area and she started heading for it.

Hey don't go that way! I said to her very quickly and ludly. Luise stopped and turned around and asked me why. It is loaded with poison ivy all through there. Luise laughed and came back over to me. Is there any where else that I can piss? Sure down by the big tree that we were standing by there on the ledge.

I told her that I too had to piss as we again walked down to that ledge and stopped by the side of the large tree. Luise told me befor she pissed that she wanted to hold me while I would go. Let me piss then you go Victor. I was all for it and I told Luise that it was fine with me.

Luise simply took and raised up her short jeans skirt taking all of it above her waist and got down into a high squat right at the edge of the ledge. Out from her pussy a few seconds after she had squated came her piss stream. It made a slight arc upward and outward sending it all the way down to wher it hit the flat rtock down by the pool of water down below.

Luise seeing where her piss was splashing on the rocksaid to me with a giggle; I bet you I can hit the water! I smiled and asked her what were we gong to bet on. Luise smiled and she cut off her piss stream stopping it. Lets see she said to me. She though hard for a good minute or more. Not comming up with anything Luise said the hell wth it! Lets just see if I can do it! told her go ahead and see if you can.

So she was still squating like she had been. This time she did take a finger and place it at her clit and pulled up. Luise had enough experience that she knew doing this would make her piss stream shoot further outward. She still had to get her stream to go quite aways forward to reach the water in the pool down below.

Luise pushed hard which made her let out a fart! Her piss stream shot out very hard into a much longer arc with her hard push and with her finger lifting up on her clit. Her stream did hit further out on te flat rock down below, crept across its surface wetting and splashing as it went over the top of the rock. To Luise it seemed to take forever but her stream was moving foward and then she did have it reach to the pool of water and her piss was splashing in the water and on the rock at the same time.

This only lasted for a few short seconds. With her hard pushing Luise's bladderhad emptied out real fast and her stream lost its force very quickly. It came back splashing again on the flat rock but this time it stayed splashing on the rock and everything else from that point back. That made both of us laugh a little. Her stream came back and she even wetted the edge of the rock ledge right there where she was squated. Did some dripping and that was it she was done.

She stood up and let me stand by the tree. Standing behind me Luise pulled my zipper down reached inside of it opned the slit in my boxers and whipped my erect cok right out and held it. I like her didn't take long to start my piss. I started in a few seconds too. I sent a high arcing stream way outward into the air out in front of me. Where my piss stream came down was amopst outside of the pool of water down below!

Luise laughed hard telling me she almost over shot her mark! She tehn moved my cock down just a little and my piss moved back into alomost the middle of the pool of water. Then Luise started movng my ock side to side and up and down sending my stream all over the pool of water. She laughed and told me she said boys have fun doing this playing for I know you guys do this! Girls just can't do it as easily or as well as guys can. I laughed and let Luise go on and have her fun.

Luise held my cock stiill once she saw that my stream had started to slacken off and had moved out of the pool of water and was now splashing on the rocky ledge heading back up it. It was almost like what her piss stream had done but mine was comming back faster. But I didn't come back as far as hers had. I stopped and paused only comming about a quarter of the way up the rocky ledge. I made up for it for I did severl hard spurts in a row which reached the pool of water down below and Luise on each spurt moved my cock so my piss landed in a different spot in the pool laughing loudly as she did it.

She gave my cock a few shakes. As she was shaking it she said to me; You know I could do this along with some other things after lunch while we wait the half hour before we go swimming! Luise said all this top me sounding so erotic to me. Ohh your such a nuaghty girl! But a good nuaghty girl! I said back to her. Luise had slipped my cock back inisde my boxers and jeans. She said yes I am both nice and nuaghty! We turned around and walked back up to the large flat rock was to have lunch. To be continuied .

