With Abby from the office...

2nd September 2005, 05:02 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

There'd always been a chemistry between Abby and me at the office. She was real fun and we'd flirted loads of times. But... she had a boyfriend. They'd been seeing each other for 3 years and were very loyal, so I'd pretty much resigned myself to the "platonic" thing.

But that all changed 3 weeks ago. Apparently he'd been "dipping his ink" at the gym and after a blazing row he moved in with his new girl down in London.

So here we were, Abby and me, at the office Christmas party. I'd been playing it cool all evening - I didn't want to spoil things by jumping in too quick, and I wasn't sure if Abby's flirting was just for fun or she was trying to tell me something. We were shouting in each others ears above the music, when suddenly Abby got up and ran down the corridor. Had I said something wrong? I ran after her and saw her unlocking the door to the store room - she had the only key. She turned to me and with a smile beckoned me in. I didn't need a second invitation! 

She hurredly locked the door behind her and then fell on me! Our lips and tongues were entwined and hands were searching bodies. I carresed her back, her bum, then she grabbed one of my hands and pressed it against her breast. Thiis was heaven. I moved down and sucked and licked her breasts through the fabric of her dress, still carressing them. She reached down and pulled the straps off her shoulders and lowered her dress, revealing her exqusite bra encased breasts. My cock was begining to stiffen now, and we were both breathing hard. I reached down further and pressed my face into her crotch to smell her musk. She immediately pulled away and froze...

"Damn!" I thought - I'd pushed it too far. She wasn't ready for this yet.

"Sorry Abbs" I splurted, "I got carried away, I shouldn't have done that"

But Abby smiled; "No that's fine, it's just that I'm desperate to pee. You almost made me go!"

"Do you want to nip out to the ladies?" I asked stupidly.

"No" said Abby simply. "I want to go in here. And I want you to watch."

I was dumbstruck. The thought of seeing Abby pee was incredibly erotic. I don't know why but I felt embaressed about my rapidly stiffening penis and the bulge appearing in my trousers. I covered by starting to look for something for abby to pee into, but I was too late - she already had a glass vase at the ready!

She stood over the vase and lifted her dress to reveal simple white panties

- my favourite! She smiled at me and swivelled her hips. She was loving this as much as me!

"Ooh I'm desperate!" she said with a smile, then reached down and slid her panties down and sweetly stepped out of them. Then squatting down over the vase, she let go. A jet of pale yellow liquid powered into the vase, making it sing. She looked up and smiled, then noticed the huge bulge creeping round the front of my trousers.

"You're enjoying this I see! Rob never wanted to watch me pee. Stupid bastard"

Still the stream continued, until it slowed to a trickle and stopped.

"Do you need to go?" she asked.

I did, but in my aroused state wasn't sure if I could produce more than a trickle.

"Come on" she said, "I've always wanted to see a man pee. Close up I mean"

She stepped forward and immediately went for my flies, sliding the zipper down then undoing the button for better access. Croucing down, she reached inside, and with a struggle pulled my now concrete penis out.

"Pee on me. Please"

My heart was pounding. Hard as it might be (in both senses of the word!) I wanted to pee for this girl of my dreams. She held my tool in her hand and pointed it at her bra enclosed breasts. By this stage I was desperate and I softened enough for a steam to start, which soon turned into a jet. Her cotton bra soon became soaked. She let go of my dick, which continued to jet at her breasts, while she reached round her back and unclipped her bra. It fell down revealing her exquisite boobs ending in rock hard nipples. I trained my stream on her nipples and she reached for forward and put her hands into my stream, rubbing them together as if washing as my piss splashed all over the place. She was breathing heavily now. As my jet slowed, I couldn't help rubbing my self, and felt it stiifen further.

"Quick, lie down, I need to go more!" she said.

I did as I was told, and laid over my back as she squatted over my erection and let go again. She reached down and carressed my dick whilst soaking it with her urine. I was close to coming now, and as soon as she stopped peeing, I pulled her down and smoothly entered her moist vagina.

"You want this?" I asked her quietly as she started to thrust her hips.

"Yes, oh yes"

I was so turned on I spurted in seconds, and she soon followed. Me and the girl of my dreams. Wonderful.

