Working With Karen Part 5

28th July 2009, 02:34 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Karen and I walked down to the local tavern at the four corners which took us about 15 minutes. Once there inside it was not overly crowded but busy. We did wind up drinking a few glasses of draft beer and played darts. Then we ordered a six pack to go. Once we got the sixpack we left ahd headed back to Karens. We only got as far as the one grade school for Karen wanted to stop and swing on the swings. So we stopped at the school.

There were several sets of swins in two different areas in the school yard. One set was off of the kindergarden wing of the school. The other two sets of swings were around back and that is where Karen and I went. The kindergarden swings where they were could be seen from the road that went by the school.

We sat on two swings next to each other on one set of the swings at first. I opened a can of beer from the sixpack and gave it to Karen. I opened one for myself also. We started swinging and drinking the beer. Karen like a little girl enjoyed swinging on the swing for she laughed went weee many times once she really got swinging. Also what made it seem to be more fun to her she was now a little drunk too.

I was not swinging as hard as Karen was. Then she put her feet down scraping her sneakes in the dirt and slowed her swinging down and then she came to a stop. I still was swinging in my swing and Karen told me she wanted to swing with me. So I put my feet down scraped my sneakers in the dirt and came to a stop.

Karen came right over sat down sideways in my lap and I started swinging again going easy. Karen and I lazily swung talking a little,kissing,and sipping our beers. Once our beers were empty Karen then smiled and pulled her red halter top exposing her sweet tits to me she asked me; Want another taste of these? I didn;t answer her for I didn't have to. I leaned right down and I took one of her nippples between my lips gave it a lick and then pressd a little more and I started sucking on it. Karen let out a little soft sqeal of delight and a little giggle too. She got her answer!

I did work both of Karens tits by going back and forth licking the nipples and sucking on them also. After a good ten minutes Karen which I felt her do had reached down with one of her hands had popped my snap and pulled my zipper down on my jeans. I felt her hand and fingers on my cock which was not erect but she was now massaging it as I was having my fun with her tits.

I pulled my mouth off her left tit. Before I was going to go back to her right one. I smiled and told her that as far as getting me hard your'e going to have to work at it some Karen. Karen giggled and as she did she said to me; Don't worry I'll bring you around! I'll guarentee it! So I looked at her briefly and then I went back to working on her right tit with my licking and sucking and she went back with her massaging with her hand on my cock.

It took time which I knew it would but Karen did get my cock erect after some time. When it was fully erect Karen said to me; See I made good on my guarentee! I pulled off from her tit smiled and said back to her; Yes you nost certainly did do just that Karen! Then Karen got upp off from my lap letting go of my hardon and my mouth popped off from her breast.

Karens red halter top slid off and fell to the ground. Karen quickly popped the snap on her jeans cutoff shorts and yanked them down and took them right off leavng them in the dirt with her red halter top. She kicked off her sneakers sending them flying way over from where we wre. Then she turned faced me and pulled my jeans right down yanking on them which since I was sitting on the swin pulled me forward until I jammed my feet down in the dirt which did stop the swing. Karen laughed loudly.

She then took my sneakers off and tossed the aside. Then she finished removing my jeans. Then Karen reach out with her hands grabbed the chains of the swig hopped up and came down right on my lap. She scooted up on my thighs and got right up close to me. Then she took one leg at a time pulled it up and put ith though the side of my body and the swings chain. She then did the same with her other leg.

That had her wide open now. Then she told me to do the same with my legs. But before you do that put your hands on my ass so I don't fall! Karen told me. So I did place y hands on her asscheeks and I carefully did with my legs getting them up and arond the sides of her body and I wrapped my legs so the were on her waist. Doing this opened my thighs wider which Karen now could get to my erect cock!

Karen and I firts kissed several times hard. Then she pushed my head down to her right breast which I immeadiatly started sucking on it. I felt Karens hand take a hold on my cock and she pulled it down and slipped it into her crotch where it was now being held in place by her wieght for it was in between the very lower part of her asscheeks. Boy I could reall feel her body heat on my cock even where it was she felt hot!

Karen let me suck on her tits for several minutes and then she pulled my head back and she leaned over and we kissed. Then we went and kissed several times long and hard in a row. After our last kiss Karen in a whisper and a smile told me she was going to piss on me. I looked straight at her with a smile and I whispered back to her; Go right ahead!

Karen started to piss right after she da told me and when I had finished telling her to go right ahead. This time it wasn't a dribbling piss either when she started. It was a hard loud hissing piss this time! The way my erect cok being under Karens pussy and wedged in place between her lower asscheeks her piss stream was hiting just above the base of my erect cocks shaft spalshing off from that area real hard wetting me and her with her own piss.

I pulled my mouth right off from her tit. Hey Karen your missing me! I said to her. Karen quickly lifted up took her hand pulled my cock back which when she did it lifted up going right into her piss stream making her stream make a big splash from hiting the side of my cocks shaft. Karen let out a loud giggle feeling her own warm piss splash back on herself when she moved my cock.

She pissed on it like this for a quick few seconds then she pulled it up straight up and she moved herself up and down which she sent her hot piss wetting more of my cock and even got my balls soaked with her hot piss! Doing this she asked me; Now how DOES that feel? Getting it all? I laughed and shook my head yes. The feeling of her hot piss wetting all of my cock and balls was just to GOOD to say anything back to her!

We both wound up getting realloy wet from her piss. But before she stopped since Karen had been holding me most of the time she chnged hands and she took her left hand which she had used first slipped that hand up to my mouth. Karen started wipeing her pissed on fingers on my lips which I opend my mouth took her fingers and sucked on them and licked them too! Her piss was very salty which made me lck them very fast. I now was really enjoying myself!

From down below Karens piss stream eased off with its hissing stopping and there was no longer the big splashing of her piss wetting us. Several seconds more and she had dribbled and now was just dripping on me. That was it that part of our fun was done. Karen then told me now that the importent part of me was good and wet and so was one part of her, Want another piece of ass? I told her YES!

Karen pulled her legs back through and I took my legs off from around her. Karen almost jumped right off the swing she was so eager! I got up and karen stood a bout two feet from the swing bent over till her belly was on the swing. She had her hands way up on the chains. Go for it! she said to me. I stepped right behind her bare ass got my erect cock pointed down slightly and stepped forward aiming my cocks head for her asshole.

My cocks head made contact with her asshole and I press ed forwrad with my hips. Her asshole pushed in under my pressing. With my cock wet and her asshole being wet my cocks head slipped right in going up to the ring and the my shaft started penetrating. Karen sqealed and gasped and she then pushed back using her hands that were on the swings chains. That buried the rest of my cocks shaft right up inside of her!

Then I took my hands and I placed one on her one hip and the other reached around and down placing a couple of fingers on her clit. I started massaging it. Karen now also started to make herself take short swings on the swing so my cock slid back and forth in her asshole! The swinging motion also helped my fingers on her clt massage more of it and even would get down to her slit and poke at it.

Karen soon was pumping harder and she gasped loudly on each pump and thrust. I was enjoying the feeling of her tight asshole sliding on my cock. I was also starting to feel something else. I felt the urge that I needed to piss staring to come on. It wasn't urgent but it was building and I could feel it. After several more minutes went by I told Karen that I needed to piss. We better stop so I can. Karen just reached down with a hand as she swung foward. My cock popped out from her asshole. With the hand she had reached with she took a hold of my erect cock shoved it down and told me to piss.

Karen ha moved her other hand further dwn the chain on the swing. Now she slid a little more on the swing. Then she leaned her hed down and she could now look back under the swing. She pushed down on my cock a little more with the hand that was holding it. At that mment when she did this I started to piss. Out from the slit in my cock my piss stream sot out. It was a thin head,thin strea,with a twist. The angle that my cock was at my stream shot downward just a inch or two missing Karen.

My stream hit into the dirt area under the swing wetting it. Then after about ten seconds a muddy brown very small piss puddle formed so now my piss muttedly splashed. I pissedin my puddle for about five seconds. The reason was for this Karen moved my cock upward and I now was pissing on her pussy! Karen now giggled hard and she moved my cock slightly until she hit the right spot which was her clit. She let out a gasp when my warm piss hit on her clit and that is where she held my cock and stayed there!

Karen held me letting me piss on her clit till I stoppd pissing. That also included doinga couple of finishing spurts. Then she quickly skidded back towards me and my cock went right into her piss wet very hot feeling pussy! She let go with her hand that was on my cock she pushed herself back into me until I was buried into her. Then she managed to get the hand that was on my cock back around alost right on the center of my left asscheek but not quite. Then she reached back wit the other and did the same with it.

Then we started screwing with her bent over on the swing. To keep some control of the swing I reached up and grabbed the swings chains. That kept me up inside og Karens pussy as her body took its shorrt swings and it would also keep me from comming out of her when I thrusted forwad with Karens help with her two hands on my ass, Even with just short strokes they were hard from both of us. Besides Karens sqeals and giggles there was the sound of her asscheeks slapping into me on each of her backward thrusts and my forward thrusts.

Soon we both were going so hard we both were gasping and the only other soud was the slapping of our bodies hiting together. This went on for a short while. Then Karen started letting out squeals and moans. I knew she was getting close to cumming now. I reall started pumping even harder now. Then Karen climaxed. She pulled me tight into her with her hands on my ass. I felt her pussy buldge and then quivered making it go rela tight and loosen on my cock shaft. Karen was also letting out a fairly loud scream of pleasure at the same time. Loud enough her scream echoed off from the old middle school building which was down the embankment from us at this swinset. The old middle school was about a hundred yard away.

With the rapid quivering of her pussy on my cock and now having her cum wetting my cock that was it for me! I shot out a big load of cum into her pussy! Karen feling it let out a louder srceam and with her hands pressed them harder into my asscheeks almost crushing me into her! As I shot out a second load Karen yelled out More! She felt the seocnd load and she let out a less louder scream and said MORE! gain after her scream. She got rewarded with anther shot of cum from my cock. That was it I was done.

I let go of the chains on the swing. I leaned right over and wound up collasped on her back. I was spent. Karens pussy after several more seconds stopped its quivering. I felt her body strating to rel;ax under me as I stll was laying on her back. A few minutes we stayed like this. Then my cock was getting limp and was starting to slip out of Karens pussy bit not head slid entirely out from it yet.

That was enough time that my cock got a second goldenshower from Karen. It was a after sex one. Her warm piss went betwen dribblling and spurting short streams which again wetted my softening cok and the spurts of piss wetted my balls. Karen didn't take a short piss or a long one. It was just enough. A nice finish! When I felt no more of her warm piss for she had stopped that is when I grabbed the swings chains stood up getting off Karens back and I slipped my cock out the rest of the way of Karens pussy.

She slid back on the swing also grabbed the chains to help herself get up. She stood up turned around nd sat back down hard in the swing. She was smileing at me. She asked for her beer which I gave her. She patted her lap with her one hand so I sat down on her lap. We rested sipped beer, and we did kiss a few times too. We stayed like this till we had finished our beer. Then we got up got dressed and we left the school yard now headed back to her house. To be continuied.

