Lucifer's Party

20th July 2014, 09:42 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

LUCIFER'S PARTY (Part 1)

«In your dream you're hanging on a cross like Jesus Christ?»

Jimmy nodded, «It really hurts and I feel really sick. But the people don't call me Jesus, they call me Yeshua..»

«Are they sympathetic? Or angry with you?»

Jimmy looked confused, «What does «sympathetic mean?»»

The psychiatrist studied the little black boy with concern, «It means that they feel sorry for you.»

«No they hate me! They think that I am going to cause the poor people to take their money from them. They think that I am going to wreck everything.»

«But that is not why Jesus was crucified!» The psychiatrist yelled. «They crucified Jesus because he claimed to be God!»

«Ok..» Jimmy agreed in a soft subdued voice, «..ok..»

###

As Jimmy got older his parents stopped worrying about his dreams. He was a very bright kind young boy. He seemed to have a photographic memory. It got him into trouble, because his teachers felt that he was cheating on his tests. How could a little nigger get one hundred percent on every test? Impossible! His parents had to pull him out of school and home school him.

Jimmy was a delightful little boy. Always smiling he viewed the world through wide happy eyes. Everything seemed to delight him and he was amazingly perceptive. Socially perceptive he instinctively seemed to be able to size up everyone and every situation. Probably because he had such a high IQ. His parents might have divorced if it had not been for him, and they felt that one day he would be a tremendous husband to a lucky girl, as well as a wonderful father.

More than anything else Jimmy liked people. He craved the social interaction - the feeling of a connection with other people. He found a similar craving in poor and struggling people, and to his immense joy he found that he could help them. What seemed obvious to him was mysteriously clouded in their minds. It was almost like he could sense their feelings, their emotions - their thoughts. The joy that he experienced from helping them consumed him completely. He felt no desire for money apart from how it could be used to help others. But it really wasn't the answer. Even with money people were unhappy. They needed his help - he could help them see through the clouds in their minds.

Jimmy wasn't really religious. Or at least he didn't fit into any one religion. He felt that they were all wrong - no, he absolutely knew that they were all wrong! God seemed to be more of an abstraction, not male, not female, but a positive power, a positive force that was pure goodness -- very optimistic and happy. Jimmy sensed it everywhere.

###

Bruce strode confidently to the pulpit. His long jet black hair tied back in a pony-tail, his face clean shaven. He stood about 6'2". Not too tall, not too short. His body was beautifully proportioned and muscular. He absolutely reeked of masculinity. There was something scary and intimidating about his piercing black eyes, despite the ever present broad smile on his handsome face. It shook you to your soul, caused a lump in your throat. The women's pussies grew wet and drippy in his presence. The men's dicks grew hard and erect. He absolutely commanded attention.

«In 1 Corinthians 4:10 Paul says, «We are fools for Christ's sake.»» Bruce began in his deep masculine voice. «He is speaking to Christians in Corinth regarding how the world views the apostles, those called personally by God to spread the Gospel message of Jesus Christ.» Bruce smiled. «You see the world views followers of Christ as fools. But are we really fools?»

A huge cheer went up from the small congregation of one hundred, or so, people gathered in the huge former mega church. Misty felt a tingle of excitement run through her body, and the urge to slide her hand in her pants and rub herself engulfed her -- but she resisted. This was it! Along with the new ministry Bruce had hired an economic genius to invest money for the members. Either they had made a lot of money, or lost a lot. But because of Bruce's cryptic introduction she was betting that the latest gamble had paid off.

«Are we really fools?» Bruce repeated with a twinkle in his dark scary eyes. He smiled broadly and winked at Misty. «I think not!»

«YES! YES!! YESS!!!» A big anxious cheer erupted from the congregation. The town was a relatively big town --by Iowa standards - with about two hundred thousand people. But the recession was hurting. There were almost no jobs to be found, and all of the churches - except the «United Church of Jesus Christ» - were now boarded up. The United Church of Jesus Christ was the only church around that was big enough to weather the economic storm. But after Pastor Jim Napoleon resignation they were left scrambling for a new pastor, and the church almost collapsed.

Bruce showed up in a red Maserati, wearing a three thousand dollar Armani suit, and they immediately knew that their prayers had been answered. His sermons were very inspiring and very much Jesus centered, and he went right to work tackling the churches financial woes.

Not only did Mark Prescott - the churches financial advisor turn the dying churches finances around - but he also offered to help the members invest and maximize their money. Members sold their cars, brought in their entire savings accounts, took out a second mortgage on their homes - and showed up with money to invest.

Bruce made a sweeping motion with both hands, «Now I will turn the pulpit over to Mr. Prescott.» A nervous little man, wearing thick black rimmed glasses, and in a cheap grey wrinkled suit, hurried up to the pulpit. He nervously explained that he and Bruce had worked long hours together investing the congregation's money and they had done very well. Extremely well! They had a return of twenty fold to show for their work.

«Praise Jesus!» a man buried in the middle of the congregation cried out. Followed by cries of «Thank you Jesus!», «Our Savior reigns!» and other proclamations. It was noisy, chaotic and exciting.

And the United Church of Jesus Christ became famous. The members bought new cars, new clothes, houses The congregation numbers seemed to increase exponentially every week. It wasn't long before a new church building had to be constructed. It was huge, awe inspiring, and beautiful.

###

Misty parked her new green Jaguar close to the entrance, checked her makeup in the mirror, took a deep breath and carefully climbed out. She loved how her new three thousand dollar Gucci jeans hugged her body and showed off her curvy hips. She loved Pastor Bruce to death for letting her go shopping with her friends and coming in so late in the day. Her job as assistance church secretary was the best job that she had ever had. Okay it was the only job she had ever had. She was only nineteen after all.

Misty felt a lump in her throat as she approached the building. It felt so wrong to be coming to work with only two hours left in the day. She almost held her breath as she entered the church foyer. It always seemed like she might do something wrong and cause Pastor Bruce to explode at her - but he never did. Even when she really goofed things up. She was totally intimidated by Pastor Bruce. He was so good looking! So masculine - she would rub herself for hours at home thinking about him. Her home! She had owned the house for almost two weeks! Pastor Bruce let her take a whole week off to decorate and furnish it!

The sound system in the chapel boomed! She looked through the glass window in the side entrance door and saw Pastor Bruce handling the remote control for the huge video screen at the front of the church. It was the size of a movie cinema's screen. BOOM! Lightning crashed down on the screen. Bruce sure had an air for the dramatic!

Misty's heart pounded wildly as she pulled the door open and stepped into the huge mega-church. Rows and rows of theater style seats stretched below her and above her towards the one hundred and fifty foot ceiling.

Pastor Bruce stopped what he was doing and turned around to face her. «Misty! Perfect timing! You can help me with this.»

Misty walked down the aisle on shaky jelly like legs. A huge lump in her throat. She was almost afraid to look at Pastor Bruce. «Wha.. what can I do?»

«Here tell me what you think. Should I use this lightning?» BOOM! A bolt of lightning cracked down on the screen. It was loud and spectacular in effect.

«Or this one?» BOOOOM!!!! The huge bolt of lightning seemed to come right out of the screen right at her and the whole building shook. The shock caused her legs to collapse and the floor seemed to come up and hit her on the back. Her heart was pounding so violently that she felt she might have a heart attack.

Misty slowly got to her feet, looked down, a little afraid to make eye contact with Bruce, and noticed the wet spot in her pants and sat down in a chair as fast as she could. She glanced up at Pastor Bruce in horror, but he only smiled warmly at her. «I think I'll go with the first.» Pastor Bruce laughed, and Misty managed a weak laugh too.

«So I understand that Joey is hanging out with that Jimmy character now.» Bruce said casually in his deep masculine but scary voice.

Misty noticed the bulge in Bruce's pants, and he reached down and unzipped his pants. Her heart pounded hard. If he wanted to rape her.. she would totally let him!

«Yeah, Joey is a real loser.» Misty said pretending not to notice. « He was in my High School. He got all weird after his dad divorced his mom I mean big deal!» She felt like saying big fucking deal but she bit her tongue. «He was in (fucking) High School and all. My parents got (fucking) divorced when I was in the third (fucking) grade, and I didn't get all (fucking) freaked out about it, or anything. I mean» Misty paused, «..course his mom she committed suicide. But she was a fucking nutjob!» Opps she said it..

«Do you think you can help Joey find Jesus?» Bruce studied her, and did not look down as he pulled his huge hard dick out of his pants. He was hung like a horse

«Yea» the lump in Misty's throat made it hard speak.

«Great!» Bruce nodded and casually began urinating on the carpet.

Misty tried to act like she didn't notice. Pastor Bruce had such a crazy sense of humor. But you really had to know him to understand and not get freaked out about it. She took pride in her maturity and not over-reacting to things that her more innocent, less mature friends might be shocked by.

Bruce shook the last few drops off of his dick and tucked it back into his pants. «Jimmy has a big problem.»

«I know..»

«He's jealous you know. And he's lazy. He'll never be successful like we are.»

Misty nodded, «He only works part-time, as a carpenter, for Mr Tessler.»

«He wouldn't even have that work if it weren't for this church and our success.»

###

«Have you ever read the bible?» Joey asked Jimmy. He was looking across the park at a little group of kids playing on some equipment with their mothers watching. Jimmy could guess that Joey was hoping that there was an afterlife and he might get to see his mom again.

Jimmy nodded. «I've read it.. You're asking about the New Testament right? And you're wondering about salvation?»

«Yeah.» Joey looked down at the ground. «Is it true what Paul said about being saved by grace?»

«No.» Jimmy sighed. «That wasn't what Jesus Christ taught.

«Yeah, but didn't everything change after he died?»

«No.»

«Yeah, but I've heard that Pastor Bruce says that Jesus fulfilled the Ten Commandments when he died, and he released the Holy Spirit on the world. And when we become Christians the Holy Spirit enters us and guides us. Because without the Holy Spirit we all fall short.»

Jimmy shook his head. «Christ did not teach things that would become obsolete. And don't you think it was just as hard for people to keep the Ten Commandments during Jesus's time? It's really about trying to keep the Commandments. It's about setting your heart in the right place. It's about a love of God and a love of your neighbor. You can't view it as a burden.»

«I don't know..» Joey kicked at the grass. «I think I like what Pastor Bruce says better.»

Jimmy looked scared, «Stay away from Pastor Bruce! He's the most frightening man I've ever met.»

«You're a jerk!» Joey said suddenly. «You act like you know everything, but you are afraid of some Pastor dude. If you knew everything you wouldn't be afraid of him.»

«I don't know everything.» Jimmy admitted. «Only God know everything. The Christ never did. Remember when he was hanging on the cross saying «My God, my God, why have you forsaken me? You think he knew what was going to happen? If he were God it would be like him saying «Myself, myself, why have I forsaken myself?»

Joey snickered, «You know everybody says that you're like the freaking second coming of Jesus Christ, but that's all a bunch of bull. You should know that there are three parts of God, they are all part of the same thing - but they are separate!»

Jimmy shook his head «Jesus never taught that, and besides it doesn't even make sense.»

