Power Outage

3rd August 2009, 02:18 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Living here in upstate New York durring the spring summer and fall we can have severe thunderstorms which at times will cuase the power to go out. I'm sure that has happened many times to you others durring a storm. Well it happened one time when I was over at a friends house and here what is happened as a result of the power going out.

I was visiting like I had said. My friend had gone out leaving me there in the house with his sistor Sherry. She was a cute brunette with long very curly hair, the greenest eyes I've ever seen on a girl, very outgoing, and she had a cute bod which I thought the best part of her was her ass.

Well durring while my friend had left which was Sherry's brother one of our quick thunderstorms came up. It was already night time too. Now Sherry didn't like thunderstorms to start. It wasn't the claps of thunder that bothered her it was the flashes from lightning that did. The storm was now over the house and Sherry was in her bedroom while I was sitting in the livingroom listening to tunes on the stereo.

There was a bright flash of lightning outside and a mighty loud colose clap of thunder and out went the power! From Sherrys bedroom came a loud scream. The flash of lightning and the loud overhead clap of thunder and the sudden loss of power all had combined together and scared Sherry. She after her scream yelled out my name and she called me to come into her room.

So I got up and in the dark I went into her room and she told me to sit down with her. Sherry was sitting on her bed. So I sat down next to her. As I sat down next to Sherry I could feel that she was shaking for the bed was slightly shaking. As soon as I sat down Sherry also hugged me very tightly pulling me into her. Then I really felt her shake which she did for a couple of minutes more as I tried calming her down.

I did manage to calm Sherry down telling her we were safe inside from the lightning and the thunder. She told me it wasn't the thunder. It was the lightning and also being in the dark now that the power was out. I asked Sherry if there were any candles around or a flashlight. Doing this also helped keep Sherry's mind off from the storm.

She thought and told me there was no candles but somewhere out in the kitchen there was a flashlight. So I told Sherry to come with me out to the kitchen and we both would see if we could find the flashlight. Now I had a Zippo lighter and I took that out from my pocket lit it and Sherry hesitatingly grabbing my arm hard got up with me and we walked out to the kitchen using my lighter for light.

Once in the kitchen between the light from the flame of my lighter and flashes of lightning outside which the light from the flashes of lightning through the windows both Sherry and I looked around in the kitchen for the flashlight. It wasn't openly visible as we looked around the kitchen so we both started going through the cabinets and drawers. Sherry found it in one of the drawers that she had looked in.

Found it! she yelled out and turned it on and it shot out a bright beam of light when she turned it on. Now having found the flashlight and it was working made Sherry relax more. She was still nervous but far less now. She didn't want to be by herself so when we went out of the kitchen she came out with me to the livingroom and she sat with me on the sofa hugging me tightly even though we had good light with the flashlight.

We sat there and I was enjoying the flashes of lightning ( I like watching thunderstorms at night) and aslo having Sherry sitting with me hugging me tightly too. This storm had like I said came up quickly but it was a slow moving one. It was still going strong for Sherry and I now had spent over twenty minutes sitting together on the couch together ( I had checked the time on my watch as we sat there) and the storm was still going on strong.

Her brother was still not back yet. Sherry was still would jump somee or shake a litle when there was a real bright flash from a close lightning bolt but if the flash was not that bright she no longer would jump or shake. Now about 40 minutes had passed by. Sherry then told me she had to pee real bad. I told her go ahead and go pee. Take the flashlight with you.

Sherry didn't move. She was still and quiet like she was making up her mind about getting up to go take her piss or something else she was thinking about. Then there was another bright flash of lightning that really lit up the livingroom from it being close by. That made Sherry make up her mind. She blurted out to me saying; I don't want to go alone! Come with me!

I looked at Sherry for I didn't expect this at all! Seeing the look on my face She with a very urgent tone in her voice said PLEASE! Come with me. I don't want to be alone in the bathroom. I told Sherry ok I'll go with you. She got up and so did I. I grabbed the flashlight. Sherry hugged me tightly as we walked down the hall and headed for the bathroom together with claps of loud thunder and flashes of lightning also lighting up the insides of the house.

We reached the bathroom and I shined the flashlight into the bathroom for Sherry. She had to let go of me in order to go through the doorway. She did and then I stepped inside with her.. I shoned the flashilight right on the toilet so Sherry could see it and she stepped right over to it very quickly. She then turned and faced backed towards me.

Right at that moment I thought I would have just a little fun with Sherry. Just as she was going to unbuckle the belt she had on I turned the flashlight off! The bathroom became pitch black. Sherry let out a scream first and then she yelled right out saying to me; Turn that damn flashlight back on! I did. I said to Sherry I thought you might want to have some privacy having me in here with you. Sherry looked right back at me as she now had her belt unbuckled and she was going to pop the snap on her jeans. That doesn't matter RIGHT NOW I DON"T CAREIF YOU ARE HERE!

Sherry had opped the snap on her jeans when she had said about not caring. I then lowered the flashlight down so that its beam was now on the zipper of Sherrys jeans. She yanked it down making a loud quick zzzzt sound. Then she took both hands and she shoved her jeans down her legs till they did crumple up around at knee level.

Now in the flashlights beam Sherry had on a pair of white sort of bikini style panties. The flashlights beam really showed those white panties off in its light. She rry without any hesitation reached up with noth hands grabbing the waistband of her white panties and with one quick downward thrust yanked them right down into her jeans!

Now the flashlight shown right on her crotch and her very sweet looking pussy! I looked right at Sherrys pussy in the beam of light from the flashlight.

It was clean shaven for the was no ubic hair around, above, or below her pussy. Her clit was a short but very pronounced one. It also looked like it was very stiff for some reason!

Her slit opening was very short. The side lips were very wide but as short as her slit. Now then as I stared at Sherry's pussy she hadn't sat down on the toilet to piss! She had stood there in front of the toilet like she was letting me look her over! So I raised the flashlite up shinning the beam on her face. Sherry told me to get it out of her eyes. So I lowered the beam of the flashlights light down a little. It no longer was shinning in Sherry's eyes.

Did you let me look you over on porpuse? I asked Sherry. Before Sherry answred me I did see first a slight smile come on to her lips. Then Sherry said back to me; That is for me to know and you to find out! I knew with her slight smile before she answered me that it was most likely a yes. Then I asked her a question back.

Before you sit and piss I said to Sherry Will you show me your ass? Sherry again had a slight smile come back on her lips. Then she said to me very quickly; Wait till after I piss! Then Sherry sat down on the toilet seat to piss. I moved the flashlight down making its beam shine down between her thighs making it shine on Sherry's pussy again.

I wanted her to see her piss. Sherry must have know tis for she first closed her thighs up clamping them together tightly. Now I couldn't see her pussy at all. I saw her smile with a bigger smile at first. I heard a splash in the water in the toilet. Sherry had started to piss. But with her thighs clamped closed I wasn't going to see her piss! I must have had a dissapointed look on my face which made Sherry let out a giggle. Then I heard the splashing stop in the toilet. Sherry had stopped her piss stream.

Sherry looked at me for a quick moment after she had stopped her giggle. Stayed silent for a quick second or two. Then she let out a very short loud laugh. Then after her laugh she said to me; Only if you could see the look n your face! Then she opened up her thighs as wide as she could get them and started to piss again!

Now I watched her stream come out from her pussy which the flashlights beam lit it right up. In the flashlights beam her stream really glistened in its bright light. Her piss stream was angled outward slightly as it went downward. It had a clean twist in it and it hissed nice and loud! Its splashing wasn't all that loud for it must have been not directly hiting the water in the bow of the toilet.

Now with the flashligts beam on her pussy I could see Sherry looking over at me watching her piss. She had a smile on her lips. Then she went back down looking at herself watching her piss stream. As I watched Sherry piss by this time on the inside of my jeans I was wearing my cock was hard as it could get. I was sure when Sherry had been looking at me she had seen that there was a buldge shgowing in the front of my jeans from being erect. But she had made no comment about it.

Sherry took a very nice long piss too. Her stream stayed flowing hard withits loud hiss and soft splashing until her piss had made the water level raise in the toilet. Then her piss was hiting the water directly making the splashing of her piss much louder. Then as her bladder became closer to being empty her stream eased off slowly wth its hissing fadeing away and the splashingof her piss getting softer.

In the flashlights beam as I watched with her stream easing off it lost its forwrd angle and went straight down. Its hissing stopped and she had a thin stream for several seconds and then the stream turned into a dribbling. Then I saw Sherry's pussy slightly pucker outward which made the dribbling turn into a shorts stream of piss and then go right back into dribbleing. Sherry did this three times in a row. Then after the last short stream of piss that came spurting out she stopped cleanly.

Then Sherry asked me to shine the flashlight over t where the toilet paper was kept. I did. She reached over to the roll twirled it around in her hands and tore off a wad of [a[er from the roll. Instead of siting and reaching down in the front to wipe her pussy off Sherry stood right up in front of the toilet. She was a standing wiper! I only knew a very few girls that stood and wiped thenselves off.

Sherry took the wad of paper bent over slightly so she could get a better look to wipe. She took the wad of paper and gave her entire pussy a goolong upward wipe. Then she turned the wad of paper over and gave her pussy a second long upward wipe. Then she tossed the paper back which it fell into the toilet.

Then she turned completely around giving me a good look at her ass! Sherry's bare ass was better looking then I thought it was! It curved very nicely at its sides. Her cheeks were very well curved even though the total size of her ass was on the small side. But for her since she wasn't all that tall and being slim her ass was right for her size! She reached over hit the handle and flushed the toilet. That gave me plenty of time to look at her ass.

Sherry after flushing the toilet turned back around and faced me. She was smiling as she reached down and started pulling her white bikini styled panties up out of her jeans. She didn't hurry when she pulled them up. Once her white panties were pulled up and back in place which she did adjust them until they felt comfortible to her then Sherry pulled up her jeans which she did mush faster then her white panties.

She zipped up her jeans,did the the snap, and last rebuckled her belt. Smiling at me Sherry told me that's it! Sherry told me she was thirsty so we left the bathroom and walked out to the kitchen. Being out in the country without power there was no running water. So Sherry quickly from the fridge took two bottles of soda out from it. She handed me one. Then we went out to the livig room again and sat down on the couch together.

We sipped on the soda as we sat there together. I was dying to ask Sherry f she had let me watch her on purpose or not. It wa just the way she acted and what she had said to me while I was in the bathroom with her. So I asked her. Again she smiled and told me again aying to me; That's me to know and you to find out! I sat there thinking the only way I would find out if she let me do it again I would have my answer! The End

