Diary of the swimming coach

8th December 2012, 09:56 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

This story is based on a fantasy I wrote up in some PMs with someone on this board.

It contains very naughty peeing, and (later on) cruel/humiliation peeing.

Please don't read if you may be offended as I don't want to upset anyone . It is, of course, purely fantasy, and all girls are of suitable age. I also know that in reality pro-swimmers pee in the pool without hesitation, but hey it's just a fantasy

This is the secret diary of one of the UK's top swimming coaches charged with finding and developing previously missed talent. However this particular coach has a pee interest. Now read on....

5/11/12

Third session with the latest batch of girls hoping to break through as swimmers. As always I get to the pool early. So, I'm standing by the pool, and I really need a pee. I want to get the four girls into peeing in pools, and naughty peeing in general. How could I possibly accomplish this if I don't practice what I preach.

Freeing myself from my tight trunks, I hold my 6.5" cock in my hand and get ready to unleash a jet into the pool. Of course I do pause to think things through. I'm in a position of trust. Should I be teaching these girls about naughty pissing? Should I wee into the lovely clean swimming pool? Of course I should... Relaxing my bladder I unleash a powerful jet of yellow wee into the pool. This should warm it up nicely for when the girls arrive. I love the thought of them all swimming in my pee.

I make sure I save some, though. Then I make my way round to the girls' changing rooms. Carefully I remove each girls carefully laid out fresh towel, and take them back into the pool area and place them individually, pool side. Visiting each in turn I spray a short burst of wee over each girl's towel. Just enough to have an impact, without being obvious.

Next, I take the key I have been given and move to the girls loos. Now I really am in two minds. All 4 girls will need a wee-wee during their lesson, and surely it is their basic human right to be allowed to go in private, in a toilet, with privacy and decency. The alternative is 4 desperate girls, who'll end up weeing themselves, or weeing in the pool. It's just too tempting I'm afraid. I carefully lock the doors to the loos and changing rooms, and wait for Abigail, Susie, Traci, and Kelly to arrive.

With the girls due shortly, I take out my v large thermos of coffee and drink the whole lot, so I have plenty of ammo. When they arrive, I gather them by the side of the pool. "Today's lesson is gamesmanship. What other teams will do to throw you off, and how to turn it to your advantage. Pay attention, because there's the usual Next vouchers for the best student, and the usual punishment for today's worst performance".

The usual punishment was to wait till the girl was dried and dressed after the lesson and throw her into the pool in her good clothes. No-one wanted this, so it ensured they all were focussed.

"One tactic other clubs will often use is to say their changing rooms and loos are broken. They'll make you change in a public area, and they won't let you wee, in the hope that you'll lose focus"

"How horrible" said Abigail.

"What I need you to do is get changed here, in front of me. Then drink the lovely thermos of tea I've prepared for each of you. Then get in the pool".

Each girl began to get changed. I loved seeing them strip before me,

Kelly whipped off her white blouse, and black skirt, and then looking me straight in the eye, unclipped her black bra, revealing her gorgeous and firm 36ds, and peeled down her black thong revealing a gorgeous young pussy covered in blonde pubic hair. So she was a natural blonde, one mystery was solved!

Tracey was also very straightforward and unabashed about stripping in front of me, matter-of-factly peeling down her tight bluejeans, and pulling off her black tight t-shirt. She had on a lovely matching set of pink bra and knickers and as she took those off she revealed slightly smaller, and rounder tits than Kelly's. As her pink knickers were peeled down I saw that she had just a short landing strip of black hair above her soft pussy.

Abigail and Susie turned their backs to me. I did get to see their underwear, however; Susie had on plain functional white bra and knickers, Abigail had on pale green thong and knickers, and both girls had ivory smooth beautiful bottoms, which looked amazing as they bent over.

Finally each girl was in their bathing costume, and drinking their thermos of tea. I noticed Kelly was racing to down all her tea, and when she'd finished she said: "got any more, coach?" before leaping into the pool.

Soon all 4 girls were in the pool, some distance from each other, getting focussed. Well, 3 of them were. Looking over at Kelly, I noticed her head was tilted back, her eyes closed, a smile of pleasure on her face, and a telltale yellowing of the water around her aqua blue costume, and I knew she was already weeing.

"Okay" I said to all 4 girls "so you're at your opponents pool, they've closed the loos, what do you do? You turn it to your advantage, by not worrying,and just pissing in their pool."

"No!" gasped Susie, but Traci seemed keener. "You mean, you don't mind if ..if I have a wee-wee in the pool"

"Not at all."

"Wow, it sounds like it could be fun"

"It is" beamed Kelly "Don't you girls piss in the pool anyway?"

"No way" said Abigail "Don't listen to her, Traci. You should only go to the toilet in...a proper toilet"

"How lame!" Kelly said "I use the shower, the pool, the sink...they're all good toilets to me"

"Not when there are other people in a pool surely?" queried Susie, but Kelly just grinned broadly in response

"Okay girls.I'll be round to help with practical coaching. Get creative, think about what I said about gamesmanship, and turning it to your advantage. Next vouchers for the winner, a soaking for the loser, and there's spare thermos's of drink for anyone who needs them"

Feeling my bladder becoming nicely full, I got into the pool and made my way over to Susie, to begin the coaching

(to be continued if anyone enjoys it)

