On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Pt 4)

25th April 2011, 02:50 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Pt 4)

Last week T and I spent a lot of time in the apartment as the weather was not that brilliant. We had a lot of fun though, lol.

I have not been writing everyday to keep account of what we have done. The following is from memory, albeit quite vivid in my mind.

Tuesday:

It was a cloudy coldish day, so T and I spent it just loping around and catching up on some laundry and stuff.

Wednesday:

It was even colder and for some of the day it rained really heavily. During the morning I said to T shall we go out and have some lunch. There is a nice place just down the road called Bar 76. The food there is excellent. In any case I had something in mind for us, a new experience. I also mentioned that we should hold on to our pee. As there were no questions coming forth from T I knew that she thought I had something in mind as far as pissing was concerned.

We had had something to eat and I was watching the black clouds drifting across. We waited a while until it got really black and just before the heavens opened we left the bar. It is about a fifteen minute walk back to the apartment.

We just passed McDonalds and it started to rain quite heavily. Another couple of minutes and it absolutely started to chuck it down and we were both soaked to the skin. We both had jeans on and just a top. T had no bra on and her top was made of a thin Satin, which was white. I looked at her and I said your nipples are showing through. The material was clinging to her breasts that she may as well have been topless.

We were walking past bars that were crowded with people that were sheltering from the heavy rain storm and as we were passing them people were all looking at T's very visible nipples, which were quite hard because they were cold, so T said.

When we reached a corner with traffic lights we had to wait as cars were streaming past us. I turned to T and said if you need to piss do it now, I am. She looked at me and asked if I was really pissing my jeans now, I said yes. There were two people behind us also waiting to cross the road, but they had an umbrella. T squeezed my arm a little and she said here it comes. A little grunt and she was pissing herself. All down her jeans. She said with a little giggle, ooohh that feels nice and warm. I placed my hand on her butt near the bottom and it started to feel very warm and very wet. It felt nice.

The lights changed and T was still pissing in her jeans. The couple that were behind us walked around us and got halfway across the road, then the guy looked back at us and said something to his wife, then she looked around to see us still standing there because T could not move whilst still pissing herself. She had almost finished and we began to cross the road only to get halfway when the lights changed again. So now we were stuck on an island in the middle of the road with other people around us from the other side.

Because T's nipples were so prominent most of the people looked at T's tits and hard nipples sticking out against her top. She just carried on with her head held high. We walked all the way home past some other bars and a Hotel. For some reason our jeans appeared to be a little wetter than our tops, but only around our crotch parts and all down our legs, lol.

We arrived back at the apartment and went straight into the bathroom and we began to strip one another naked. I turned the shower on and we soaped one another for what seemed like ages. At the same time playing with each other. T then bent over and pulled my stiff cock and guided it into her lovely wet pussy. It was so slippery and the access was very easy. She backed in to me and started to move her hips and her muscles were grabbing at my cock inside. T came with a really loud groan. Her body went into convulsions as she gave me her lovely cream. We finished showering and then went into the bedroom.

I opened T's bedside drawer and got out her play toys, which she loves. I then got her favourite one and slid it gently inside her vagina. I then got her other toy, a vibrator, and switched it on full. I placed it over her clitoris and she was in ecstasy. She came twice more within about ten minutes, both times making very loud noises, the second time her back stiffened and it arched upward.

As she came the second time I got down between her legs and licked and sucked all her wonderful tasting juices until there was none left. It felt a little sticky and so very creamy and thick, and it tasted just wonderful. I was still playing with her clitoris all the time I was licking out her juices, and now she was beginning to breathe very heavily again and said, don't stop, don't stop. She came yet again and I once again licked all that I could from her.

We lay there for a little while just looking at one another, then she pulled me on top of her and held my cock on her clitoris and then rubbed it up and down the length of her wetness. Now I really wanted to fuck her, so I gently pushed and she guided my stiffness into her. After a couple of minutes she said, let me fuck you. So she rolled on top of me and sat on my manhood. I was on another planet, lol. Woooow, it felt so fuckin' good. We both came together and we both made quite a bit of noise doing so.

We lay there and just drifted off to sleep with her arm around me. We remained there for a couple of hours and I was awoken with a kiss and a cup of hot coffee.

The next time I write probably later or tomorrow will be about Thursday and Friday. Now Friday really was something special I can tell you. T got caught red handed, as did I!!!

