The Apprentice Pisser E2 Final Part

10th May 2012, 12:09 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Here's the final part of episode 2. It features some naughty pissing / piss vandalism so if you don't dig that sort of thing look away now. It alos features a reluctant golden shower that gets less reluctant as it goes, and some pissy sexiness.

In the next part I'm writing a special installment featuring Sophieroo

Till now, enjoy and please leave positive feedback if you enjoy

*****

The 3 contestants sat back down.

"We need to make a decision" said Sophie.

"its got to be Tammi" interrupted Angela "she's even wet herself here, what a loser". This elicited some boos from the audience

Kimberley was offered the chance to jump in too, but she had a sense that Tammi would be gaining some sympathy so she maintained her position that Angela should go "for letting the team down in the task, and for being so unneccesarily cruel to her teammate now" . Tammi maintained it was Kimberley as captain who should go

"We've reached a decision" said Sophie turning to one of the contestants

"Tammi" she began, but before she could get any further they were stunned to see a short clear jet of pee emerge from Tammi's pee hole, onto the antique chair.

"Sorry" said Tammi with a grin that gave the lie to her apology, "last drop"

"Tammi" said Sophie "You were the first to wet yourself in the task, but there was still plenty of time for the team to redeem themselves".

She turned to Kimberley "Kimberley, you were the team captain. You have overall responsilibility for the failure of the task. You delegated the roles and you clearly got that wrong. For that reason.."

Angela leaned forward in her chair in satisfaction. She wanted to see the look on Kimmi's face when the verdict was given. She decided that though Tammi was prettier, it would be more fun to see Kimberley get pissed on.

Kimberley was not finished yet however. Noting how Tammi's antics had helped her escape, she had decided on an emergency course of action. The time was now here and she surrepticiously moved the front of her long, floral patterned dress to one side. She wasn't wearing any panties and so her naked pussy was now exposed. She had worries as to whether she's be able to pee 'on demand' but the cold air was certainly aiding her.

"we aren't sure if you really have what it takes to be the apprentice pisser. Kimberley, and therefore with regret y...what the fu...?'

Sophie stopped as an arc of hot piss began to rain over the front of her impressive oak desk, soaking her notepad and pens. The impressive pee fountain caught the eye of Maggie and Sharon. Some drops even began to spray onto Sophie and she pushed her chair back with impressive speed. Having caught the judges attention Kim then directed her spray toward a 80,000 sculpture of a naked lady that was positioned just inches from her. Warm drops of pee rained down as she gave the priceless statue a golden shower, the droplets running erotically down over the ample marble bosom as if it had been left out in the rain, before Kimberley began redirecting again and aiming into a 16th Century Chinese vase.

The vase was in famille rose porcelain, and was a priceless relic from a bygone age. Kimberley emitted a soft moan of pleasure as she shamelessly performed her toilet on the precious antique. It felt so naughty to just let go over all these precious expensive things and she was glad she had drunk plenty before the boardroom. "Go on Kimmi", said Tammi , "soak it all". Kimmi really needed no second bidding, though she was encouraged by the cheers of the judges and the audience. She momentarily closed her eyes, basking in the pleasure of just letting go and peeing where she sat, all the nervous tension draining away as she lost herself in the unbridaled uninhibited naughty piss she was undertaking. Her golden rain continued to flow.

From the doorway Pippa watched in delight and placed her hand down the front of her jeans, inside her knickers and began a very unladylike wank, her fingers caressing her clit as she watched her loathed fathers expensive antiques being used as a toilet. Thinking of the insurance money helped make her even wetter as she fingered herself furiously. The producer, Brandy Foley wasn't shedding any tears over the insurance premiums either. This sort of stuff was ratings gold.

Kimberley, meanwhile, had filled the antique vase full to overflowing with her golden nectar, and so she used her last drops on the original 18th century curtains. The gossamer thin cream silk drapes were turned see-through by Kimmi's liquid gold and she made sure to squeeze out every drop that she had. If she was going out of The Apprentice, she was going out with a bang. She knew she would never again have the licence to be so openly naughty in front of such an audience and she was revelling in it. As the last of her warm pee played gently over the cloth she had an idea, and having finished her toilet break, she proceeded to use the curtains to wipe herself with, leaving them with a lovely wet pissy stain.

Sitting back down she said "Sorry, just needed a piss, and thought it may as well be a naughty one from what you taught us. Anyway, you were saying"

Sophie gathered herself. "I was saying.. with regret you... you'll need to improve very quickly or you'll be gone, but that was a good start. Now, Angela it hasn't escaped my notice that you have tried to stay off the radar in both of the tasks, you're the only one who didn't seem to enjoy that naughty pee. You've tried to play a game of taking no risks and setting other team members up for failure. It won't work here..Angela, you're fired"

Tami and Kiberley squealed with relief, clapped their hands with joy and gave each other a hug, before feigning sympathy for Angela and giving her a hug, saying they were SO sorry about what was about to happen, whilst each of them secretly was squriming with anticipation at seeing her get her departing golden shower.

The door to the board room opened and in walked Tori, the winning team captain looking suitably excited and happy..

"Welcome Tori" beamed Sophie "Are you ready to perform the winning captain's duty?"

"Oh yes, it will truly be my pleasure" she laughed

"Now, I know some girls have said in your position they would like to come in with a half full bladder to give them time to tease and torment the losing contestant, and others have said they just wanted to be as full as possible..which have you gone for"

Tori pointed into the other room and the camera zoomed in on several large empy drinks bottles and containers including the obligatory mini bottle of winners champagne"

"I see you've decided to fill your bladder to the very max" said Maggie

"and that you've enjoyed your complimentary champagne" said Sharon

"Yes, rather more than I think Angela will enjoy hers" laughed Tori.

"but I really am desperate and I don't want to waste a drop, so am I okay to get started?"

"Oh please, be our guest" said Sophie "we've all been really looking forward to this"

Anglea, resigned to her fate, knelt in the centre of the room. Tori approached, taking tiny little-girl steps, so desperate was she. Standing inches in front of the kneeling Angela, meant Angela's face was directly level with her pussy. Standing at each side, Kimmi and Tami held her short black skirt up and out of the way. Tori quickly hitched her pretty cream knickers to one side.

"Any final words?" she asked

"Just get it over with" said Angela

"As you wish" said Tori and finally finally allowed her aching bladder to unload.

Angela had never experienced someone unloading a fire extinguisher in her face from inches away, but now she knew what it must feel like as an incredible jet of warm girl pee sprayed against her face with amazing velocity. She tried closing her eyes and imagining she was in the shower, but the subtle smell of the piss and the musky odour of Tori's pussy inches from her face made this impossible. She tried to move her head, but found Maggie's arm holding it firmly in place.

Tori loved Angela's startled reaction, loved the fact that the rules of the game they had all signed up to in their bid to become rich, meant that Angela had agreed that in these circumstances she, Tori, could piss all over her. Tori imagined Angela was Mary Callaghna, the prissiest bitch at her school who had always looked down on her, and she grinned as her gushing thick piss jet soaked Angela's face causing her makeup and mascara to run freely.

Adjusting position she directed her piss jet into Angela's beautifully done hair. She moved closer, so that her young pussy was pressed against the top of Angela's forehead, and Angela's hair rubbed against her pussy lips. She looked down and saw the rivulets of golden liquid running through the blonde curly hair below.

Tammi and Kimmi watched enthralled at the exuberant joy of Tori. Wishing they were in her role, but delighted they weren't in Angela's.

Sharon and Sophie were pleased with their decision, Tori was delivering a fantastic soaking for the defeated contestant and they leaned in to view the action close up.

Next is was Angela's pretty pink blouse that benefited from some piss accessorising. As Tori purposefully aimed her piss stream at Angela's tits it became quickly apparent that she wasn't wearing a bra, and the blouse became see through with the wet material sticking firmly to, and highlighting, Angela's small but pert breasts. Despite herself Angela found the sensation of the warm piss jet against her nipples to be stimulating and unbidden they became firm and enlarged. Now looking like a contestant in a wet t-shirt contest, Angela was a wonderful sight.

Her black skirt having been given a lovely dark sheen by Tori, it may have surprised some that Angela offered only token resistance when Maggie and Sharon unhooked the garment at the back and slipped it down her legs leaving her in a pair of light blue panties. Angela, however, had aspirations of being a celebrity and this was her last chance to make an impression. Additionally it is fair to say that when you are being urinated on by another woman in front of millions of viewers, attempting to preseve one's dignity is something of a lost cause.

Tori's copious drinking and large bladder meant her stream wasn't even beginning to slow, and she took the opportunity to spray up and down Angela's legs, before aiming at the crotch of Angela's knickers. Her spray turned the garment a much deeper blue, and the wet fabric stuck to Angela's firm mound, and hughlighted her fleshy pussy lips

Finally Angela's stream began to slow. Quickly Tammi and Kimberley ripped open the sodden blouse allowing Tori to spray her last few drops directly onto Angela's bare tits.

To everyone's surprise, Angela then pulled her knickers down. She looked so sexy lying there covered in fresh girl piss, that Maggie could not resist. As Tori's last drops ceased and she replaced her knickers and skirt, Maggie moved her aside and knelt in front of Angela. Moving her face close to the ripe young pussy, Maggie began to lick the losing contestant out. Truth be told whilst she had never wanted to be pissed on, the exhibitionist side of Angela had been turned on by her recent public disrobing and she was extremely wet. Maggie could taste Tori's salty piss on Angela, which tunred her on even more and her tongue probed and darted. Angela was writhing and squirming in delight, and Sharon was helping things along by squeezing and caressing Angela's boobs.

In next to no time Angela screamed "I'm coming" and Maggie tasted the familiar tang of girl cum, followed seconds later by an even more familiar taste...pee. Angela had clearly been holding on but in the exuberance of climax her bladder had relaxed and a strong stream of thick yellow piss poured from her. Maggie continued to drink down the precious offering, swallowing eagerly until Angela was through and the pair of them collapsed exhausted

"That's about it for another episode" grinned Sophie

"Angela's gone but the rest of our candidates will be back for another task next time, and whatever happens, its going to be wet"

Roll credits

