Good peeing friends for T and I.

8th August 2012, 12:10 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

Hi Folks!

Sorry this post has taken longer than the few days I suggested, I left my notes in the UK. Anyway, we are now back and I am able to refer to them.

We met K and G as arranged for dinner the next evening. Both T and K looked gorgeous, both in tight white skirts and no visible panty line to be seen.

We ordered a couple of bottles of wine and some food. We seemed to wait ages for our meals though, so we had another bottle of wine.

When we had finished our meals we decided to go on to a bar just around the corner from the restaurant. G and I let the girls walk in front a little, I said to G that T and K both had really nice asses; he commented that T looked after herself and that she had a lovely body.

We sat at a table in the bar for sometime just drinking and chatting. Then up came the topic of peeing. T told the story of her favourite waiter in Spain and of our last encounter with him.

K and G then told us that they had only played pee games together before, but would we like to try it with the four of us. T and I both said yes it would be fun. Of course, we did not stay much longer at the bar, lol.

On the way back to the apartment K said that she needed to pee soon. T then asked where we could play our pee games in the apartment. G said that they had a smallish blow up swimming pool and a rubber mat that we could use in the bedroom (now why have I never thought of that?).

We arrived back at the apartment and I sat on the sofa, K went into the kitchen and brought out four bottles of water then came over and sat next to me. G sat in an armchair where T went and sat on his lap.

T was the first to get up and began to undress, closely followed by K, five minutes later and we were all sat there naked. We sat and drank our water and chatted whilst both G and I by now had a hard on.

K then got up and pulled me up and said shall we all go into the bedroom. The swimming pool and rubber sheet was already in place in the middle of the room.

There was just about enough room in the pool for the four of us. G poured us all some wine and we sat in the pool legs entwined.

I reached down and started to play with K's clitoris and she opened her legs wider. T had hold of G's stiff cock gently and slowly stroking it up and down. K then said I really have to pee I am bursting; T said I need to go as well.

K got up and stood over me and I slid down in the pool on my back. I reached up and began to open her vulva waiting for her lovely pee to rain down on me. Both T and G watched in anticipation. Then it started to come, slowly at first, then faster and faster. It was going all over my face and into my mouth, her pee tasted lovely I had been waiting for this all evening. She was looking down at me watching her pee go all over me, she began to move her hips back and forth, it felt so good. Then she stopped, but I knew that she was not yet empty. She then said to G your turn to get wet.

T got up and stood over G he also slid down in the pool next to me. His hand slid up T's long legs and before he could get to the top of her legs T started to pee. She reached down and open her vulva and slightly knelt down near his face. She let out a controlled pee right into his mouth. K said mmm, he likes that.

Gradually T's pee got faster and thicker, it made a wonderful sound. Then she also stopped in mid stream.

K got up and stood next to my side, T positioned herself next to G's side. Then they both let go. Their pee was splashing over both G and I, it was going everywhere, and that lovely hissing noise was wonderful. I kept my eyes open as much as I could watching them both pee over us.

When they had both emptied themselves the girls sat back down in the very wet pool, and G and I sat up looking at each other, we both laughed at the sight of each other. We were soaked from head to foot.

G poured us all another glass of wine and we sat there for a couple of minutes giggling. Then K said to T are you ready for a soaking? K got up and asked G to sit astride T, he was astride her tummy and K had hold of his cock aiming it at T's tits. G began to let his pee go all over T's tits, K was moving G's cock around and then she aimed at it T's face. T slowly parted her lips and started to let it go into her mouth, she had her eyes closed and I knew that she was enjoying this.

When G had finished T sat back up and went over to G and sucked his cock of every last drop.

Come on T said it's your turn for a soaking. K then lay flat in the pool and I sat astride her tummy. T held my cock and when I started to let my pee go I tried to control it so it would last longer. I started slowly and then I just had to let it all go. I was looking down and saw that T was aiming my cock at K's mouth, then down to her tits, then back up to her mouth again. Her lips were open and she was letting my pee go right into her mouth. K sat up and T put my cock right into her mouth whilst I was still peeing. When I had finished K licked and sucked me dry.

The pool had quite a lot of pee in it and we were all sitting and sloshing about in it. K reached over and got a couple of towels from the bed. We all kind of dried ourselves and stood on the rubber mat.

T had the first shower and I had the second, it is only a small bathroom so we all showered separately. Whilst we were showering both K and G cleaned up the bedroom and put the drained and cleaned pool and mat onto the balcony. About three quarters of an hour later we were all showered and clean.

We sat back in the living room all seated on the floor drinking some more wine and talking of how much fun it was to share peeing experiences like this. We all said that we had enjoyed it.

T was playing with G's stiff cock, and K was playing with mine. T then said, I need a good fucking I feel so horny to which K replied so do I. K looked at me and said come and fuck me in the bedroom, shall we all go in?

In we all went; we could not wait to get our hands on each other. T and K both lay on the bed with their legs apart. G's mouth was licking and sucking at T's soaking wet pussy. My tongue was rolling all over K's clitoris and darting in and out of her vagina. Then I heard T say to G, fuck me now. I carried on licking and sucking at K's soaked pussy, I was enjoying it too much to stop.

I did glance over at one point and saw that T was getting a really fast and hard shagging, and she was really enjoying it as her eyes were closed and she was making the right groaning noises when she is in heaven.

I then slid my stiff cock into K and buried myself deep into her soft wet vagina. She lifted her legs around my waist and pulled herself onto me the same as T does. Oh man it felt so good.

Now G had already warned me that K does tend to make a lot of noise whilst having sex, but I was not expecting it to be so loud. Her groaning and swearing «fuck me fuck me» was really loud. Her legs tightened around me and I knew that she was about to orgasm; I started to fuck her as hard as I could. Then she screamed so bloody loud right into my ear. Her orgasm seemed to last a long time, but I gradually felt her legs slowly release the pressure, and after a minute or so she let them down back onto the bed.

G was still giving T a slow gentle fucking; she did glance over at me and smile when I looked her way. I was too engrossed giving K what she wanted for most of the time.

Fifteen or twenty minutes had passed and we were all enjoying what we were doing. Then K said to me, I want to suck your cock and make it cum in my mouth and over my face.

I slid myself out of her vagina and lay back on the bed. She got herself down between my legs and took me in her hand and gently started to rub my cock up and down it's shaft. She started to lick it underneath the head part and it felt so good. I just closed my eyes at this point and enjoyed what I was getting, lol.

I did not want it to stop as she was so good at it. Her lips would gently caress my shaft all the way from the bottom to the tip. Then she would use her tongue and rub it around underneath the head, I felt as though I would explode. Man did this woman know how to suck a cock.

At this point T and G stopped what they were doing. I know that T had had many orgasms in the last half hour. T then asked me if I was enjoying what K was doing, oh yeah I replied you should do the same to G.

K looked at T and said I want his cum all over my face and in my mouth. T then said to G and I why don't you both stand up on the bed. So we did as we were asked and stood up. T took G in her mouth and started to suck his stiff cock and K did the same to my cock. Their they were side by side licking and sucking at our stiff cocks.

I almost came at one point soon after we stood up. I felt K's lips gradually press harder and harder around my shaft, she was moving a little faster with each up and down movement. One second she was right down to the bottom of my shaft, then the next right up to the tip.

I knew that I would not be able to hold on much longer. Mmm she went as she felt the pre cum in her mouth. Faster and faster she went each time she moved up and down, I was about to explode right into her mouth but she felt it and took my cock into her hand and aimed it all over her face with her mouth open. My cum went all over her face, in her hair and in her mouth, I thought that I was not going to stop.

I see T looking out of the corner of her eye as I cum and she looked up at me. When she saw my cum go all over K's face she licked and sucked at G's cock even harder. She wanted the same (she told me after).

Both K and I then turned our attention to T and G, and K gave G a little encouragement by saying, he loves his cock being sucked T make it cum all over your face. Then a few seconds later T took his cock out of her mouth quickly and held it in her hand, she let his cum go all over her face and in her mouth, ooooh yeah K said bet that tastes nice, mmm T replied with a mouthful of cum and cock.

The girls hair was wet with our cum so they decided to go and shower. G and I went back into the living room and G poured us a glass of wine. We sat their chatting for a while and we heard giggling coming from the bathroom.

I then asked G how he enjoyed the experience of peeing with another couple? He said it was great fun and if K wishes to do so we could all do it again.

G then put a suggestion forward. He asked if he could sleep with T that night, He was very frank and said that he would like to fuck her again. I then said, well, you must have enjoyed it, he said that he did very much and that T was a beautiful woman as was K.

I said to him, why don't we ask them both. I have no objections as I would like to fuck K again also. He replied that he knew K would say yes to spending the night with me, and I said T would also probably agree.

When T and K came out of the bathroom and we were all seated with a glass of wine, I asked both T and K if they would spend the night swapping partners, to which they both readily agreed. Does that mean we all get to fuck each other again said K laughing?

We sat for another half hour or so and K asked me if I was ready for bed, I said yes of course. T came up and kissed me goodnight and said enjoy yourself, I replied, you too, see you in the morning.

The rest of the night was a very good one. The company was great and the sex was really good. K is a very good shag and I loved the way she sucked my cock.

Next morning I woke up and looked at the clock, it was almost 08.20, K was not in bed. I got up and went into the living room and saw that everyone else was up and lounging around drinking coffee. Although none of us were dressed as yet.

K did us something to eat and T and I went into the bedroom to get dressed, she gave me a big hug and a nice long kiss. Then asked if I had had a good night, yes I replied it was nice, and how about your night, it was good also I enjoyed it she replied.

About an hour later we said goodbye and made arrangements to meet two nights later in the same bar. We have spent 8 nights together since that first night and every time it has been very enjoyable. Our peeing times together are getting more daring as time passes. We have even got K peeing in public places in view of others, this is down to T of course as she loves to pee in public. They are a great couple and good company. T and I remain in contact with K and G and we shall go and see them later in the year.

