The Final Gush

19th May 2019, 04:51 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This story contains golden shower, drinking, wetting, body odor, and lesbian fetishes/themes. It is based on my own fantasies and I would totally do this for real if I had the opportunity. If you are into that, please read on....

Penny and I had been dating for 2 months. We had great sex, we had never had a time when we fought or felt unhappy.

It was June and the night was hot and humid. Penny and I had drunk cocktails for hours. Frogs and locust sounds filled the air like an orchestra of bows against the wings of these summer-time creatures and a symphony of peeps from amphibians with no mission in life but to procreate. It was sweet sounding and the musty humidity in the trees and grass filled our nostrils as we sat out on my patio. I heard the faint chirp of the summer's first crickets. The moon began to shine through the trees and stars filled our field of view.

Penny whispered into my ear that she is hot and sweaty. I enjoyed the image of that. She knows I like it when she doesn't bathe and her being sweaty makes me hot. In addition to my pee fetish, I have always had a body-odor fetish. She then kissed me on the lips. I could smell her minty breath from the Altoid she just ate. Her breath was moist and sensual and i always liked kissing her and feeling her tongue against mine. But I could smell her underarms and maybe even her bottom. She had a smell and I wanted to be with her.

She began to move her hands over my lower back and she started to reach into my panties. I felt her navigate the folds of my wet pussy and I didn't resist. She rubbed my clit slowly then vigorously as I was french kissing her for what seemed like an hour. I felt so wet. I felt like i had to pee or maybe already did.

We had explored pee with each other before, but only that one night. For some reason, that night, I wanted her to pee on me, and I felt like that was where it was going.

She asked me if I ever wanted to have sex on the lawn, and I replied 'yes.' We both moved toward my lawn and i took off my shirt, and my bra and she took off hers. We were both in our panties. She then whispered in my ear...' I have to pee...' And in that instant, I told her.... 'mmm i like that....would you pee on me?' I laughed ...knowing she might laugh with me. She didn't laugh....but said this....'i will pee on you...i love pee....'

I whispered in her ear...'we could 69 and pee on each other...' she said 'omg, yes. That would be so hot.'

Within a minute, I was down on her and her on me. I felt the blades of cold grass on my back. We didn't care. I licked the folds of her pussy and her clit. Her smell was strong and sweaty...with a urine, pussy, sweat and sweet bottom smell, but it was so amazingly natural and smelled just like Penny. Then she came, and I came.... But then after I came, i started to feel a spray of warmth over my nose and lips and she started to urinate. The smell was so amazing.

A strong, urine, toilet and ammonia smell that was flowing into my mouth. I started to open my mouth deeper and i began to fill my mouth with her jet of strong urine. I swallowed it. I continued to drink it down as it flowed out of her. Her moans became deeper and I started to orgasm. I licked her clit and put my tongue inside her vagina. She started to come. I felt my bladder start to give out and she went down on me as i began to pee. I peed inside her mouth and i felt her licking and drinking my pee from my pussy and we came again.... After that we held each other in a quivering embrace....cold but soaked in urine and smelly.

We got up and headed to my bedroom. We didn't shower. We woke up in each other's arms, sticky and smelly in urine with wet sheets, and she kissed me and told me that I'm beautiful...I cried, but in a good way. I began to leak urine and she smiled at me as i was leaking...

To be continued...

