Nudist couple get invited to a pee party (Part 1)

24th June 2008, 06:01 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Upon arrival home from work today I found an envelope addressed to Josh and myself. I was excited as we have only been married nine days and this was the first actual mail addressed to us as Mr. and Mrs. Inside the envelope was an invitation to a pee party to be held on Saturday July the 5th.

Josh was all excited too when he got home and saw the invitation, commenting that we'll have to post on Peesearch about the upcoming party. The reason were poasting now is to let you all know a post will be forthcoming and also to let you know how we came to get the invitation in the first place.

Some of you know me as Emily (AKA known as Sungirl). Now that Josh and I are married were now known as Suncouple. OK, now back to the story: When I was in my third year of college I took a course called "Sexaulity in America". In this course we studied all aspects of sexaulity including many fetishes or sexual deviations. Watersports was one of them. Although being raised as a nudist tought me to be somewhat casual and relaxed about peeing, I never realized some got a "sexual kick" out of peeing untill I took this course. Early that September as the class started I was actually assigned to do class research on both peeing and nudism so I could report back to the class. Nudism was easy for me as I grew up in a a nudist home. Peeing on the other hand was all new to me despite be being exposed to casual peeing due to being a nudist.

For assistance in research I turned to a longtime neighbor lady and friend of my parents who along with her husband seemed to be into almost everything. They were swingers (not nudists) but despite their differences they frequently hottubbed nude with my parents. Growing up I got to know her well and soon discovered she was a wealth of information on just about anything concerning sex. I was fortunate because she never objected to answering any of my questions. On my Thanksgiving break I made a point of visiting her and asking for her help in researching Watersports.

It turned out that neither she nor her husband were actively involved with this "sport" but she had friends who were. She arranged for me to contact one of them - a woman my mom's age who along with her husband had discovered peeing many years ago. We had many long late night phone conversations during which time i discovered she and her husband were a quite normal, hardworking, funloving, happily married couple who enjoyed most aspects of peeing. I was a bit shocked when she confided in me she rather enjoyed getting peed on by her husband. As a matter of fact here was this otherwise normal woman who admited getting a kick out of things many others found disgusting.

Reflecting back on my own upbringing I recalled times camping, or boating with other nudist families where casual peeing was just accepted as a normal necessity. There was no sexual "kick" involved whatsoever, just a necessary sort of innocence. The more I researched peeing the more curious I became, Finally one weekend while showering with my boyfriend (and future husband) I peed in front of him. Peeing in the shower was the norm for me, but this was the first time I had done it purposly in front of anyone. Josh immediately took notice and demonstrated quite an interest. Soon I discovered just how turned on this made him. Throught that year we extended our activities further and further trying many new and different aspects - things I had both read about and learned from this other couple which had been introduced to me..

About six months ago I learned they belonged to a small group of people all of whom enjoyed peeing. I also learned this group got together every four to six weeks for a peeparty. I once hinted to her Josh and I might like to attend one of their parties. She replied "lets wait untill after your married and see what happens". So, this brings us up to where we are today. Newly weds with an invitation to a pee party. We really have no idea what goes on at one of their parties. The have promised further information will be coming to us now that we have indicated to them we deffinetely are interested in attending.

We'll keep you all posted.

Emily and Josh

