50 shades of the sauna blues!

16th February 2015, 10:08 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

A (partly) fictional story.

Not long ago I went for a visit Europe, mainly Scandinavia and also I had to spend some time in Finland. I got to experience the different kinds of sauna's they have. I loved it, not just because of the sauna itself but also the sauna design. It doesn't have to be a small room without windows and waiting until your time is up. Round rooms, square ones, lazy benches, nice windows from which a beautiful view of the frozen forest, a place to put your drink, because most people there bring a drink in the form of a couple of beers or water or lemonade. It is necessary that you «water yourself' to stay hydrated.

So when I came back home I build myself a sauna, a nice round one with a wood burning stove, two levels of benches in a three quarter circle with some space in the middle in front of the oven.

I just finished building the sauna when my wife announced that the movie 50 shades of grey is playing in the cinema and that she wanted to go there with a bunch of her female friends. I guess they all read the bookbefore hand but me. I heard enough about it in the media and am not interested in the «made for public audience' SM movie that does not include my kind of fetish.

So my wife went with her friends and I decided to go out with a couple of my pals to a local bar with some live music where I enjoyed myself.

I did not stay out long and decided to go back home to see if the girls already were done with the movie and maybe came home early after being possibly disappointed with the sm flick.

I entered the house and saw some skimpy dressed ladies running around and my wife told me that they watched the movie, liked it and came back home for a drink and decided to take a sauna, making it a first «sauna warming party'. I left them to it; I picked up a beer and started to watch some TV.

Every once and a while some women came passing by in the living room on the way to the kitchen to pick up some mineral water and some beers. They were wearing a towel wrapped around themselves that barely covered their «assets' so something started to awake in me and I followed them with my eyes and fantasizing about what is hidden under that towel. Two women came in and asked me why I did not undress and join them in the sauna; they loved the sauna they said.

I told them that I might join them if none of the other girls object to my presence and shortly after that I heard that none of the others objected at all and they would be pleased if I could join them. I undressed as quick as I could, jumped in the shower and to be a bit descend I wrapped a towel around myself before I went in.

My eyes just about popped out of my head, ten very nice ladies, including my wife, sat on the benches. They used the towels mostly for sitting and just the end part of the towel loosely covering up their lovely «forest patches', but barely able to cover it all.

The atmosphere was great, the beers were flowing and the subject of conversation was, of course, the movie.

They were a bit horny I noticed, the talk was getting more explicit by the minute.

They asked me why I wasn't interested in that movie and I boldly said that I wasn't really into this kind of fetish but more in another kind of fetish. Of course they all wanted to know what that fetish was and I saw my wife getting a bit flushed when she looked at me. Just as was about to answer one of the ladies, Sharon, told that I should wait answering until she got back because she had to go out for a wee, the beer was finding its way out she told.

She was sitting at the end and asked us to move a bit so she could pass.

My wife started to speak with a big grin on her face, «Sharon, that is the whole point, that is what my husband enjoys, just pee here where you sit, no one will mind, it will drop to the ground and disappear to the drain anyway and you will be giving my husband the time of his life!»

«Great» Sharon said, «I'd love to because as a matter of fact I am too late anyway it started to dribble already, can't hold it, does anybody else mind?» Sharon just let go full power and all the women were giggling a bit and looked at me. My towel had started to stir a bit and I could not hide my hard on that made my towel into a tent and towel came loose. «Well» my wife said, «I don't know about you girls but I think we should throw out the towels, being dressed or covered in a sauna is not done anyway».

«Any others that need a wee?» my wife asked, «just watch me and do the same if you like». My wife motioned me to sit in the middle and as soon as I sat there she let loose her lovely juice and sprayed me, first my dick that sprang into action and she moved the stream upwards towards my chest and even higher to my face.

All the women were flabbergasted and exited at the same time and soon as my wife had started the other women were fidgeting around and started dribbling and then all pointed their streams towards my face. I opened my mouth and moved into the streams and swallowed it. The tastes were lovely. When the streams started to become weaker they scooted forward one by one until their pussy almost touched my mouth just to make sure I was getting the last drop.

When the session ended we all needed a break and started laughing and yelling and ran outside and jumped in the snow to cool down. Of course that did not last long and everyone told each other to get a refill on their drinks so they can do anther peeing session in the sauna. No one was shy any more, they openly caressed their own pussy, slid a finger in and sticking the finger in their own mouth while looking me straight in the eye and watching my reaction.

Back into the sauna I told them that now I had to pee and that my cock was about to burst from both pee and cum and that I could not hold it any longer.

The girls told me to lie down on the bench and that they wanted to see pee myself.

I laid down on my back, pushed my butt up a bit and started to pee. First on my belly and slowly forced the stream up towards my face.

I guess it did not go fast enough because my wife and a woman named Daisy moved down, grabbed my cock and pointed it in the right direction so I was now spraying full force in my face. But my wife thought of some fun and took over and with a sudden jolt pointed my cock at Daisy who was now getting splashed on her chest and face. The pee dribbled from her stiff nipple and my wife bent down to lick it of her. She then proceeded to direct the stream from Daisy to her own mouth, to mine and back to Daisy.

The other girls were watching mesmerized and another woman named Jennifer yelled out, «he wait for me, my turn, I want a taste!» And suddenly all girls wanted a taste but I started to run out of «fuel'. «Sorry ladies, next round» now I need to fill up again so go ahead, step right this way and splash me!» I told.

Dee had to go first and my wife and Daisy picked her up, arm around her neck and other arm around a leg and that way Dee was of the ground hovering above me with her legs spread and she opened the floodgates! I tried to swallow as fast as I could because I did not want to miss a drop!

After Dee, all the other girls took their turn also and I was soaked in sweat, pee and beer by the time the session was finished. Because I drank so much of their golden liquid, it did not take long before I could go another round as well and this time they all lined up on the lower bench and I passed them one by one, giving each girl their share this time, there was plenty, all 10 women enjoyed it and swallow without hesitation.

Afterwards they all took their turn in blowing me and I shot my wad on my wife's face but she was so friendly to give everyone a taste, each of the ladies in turn came over to help cleaning up my wife's face.

At the end of the evening or should I say it became early morning already, no one was talking about the movie anymore but they all said to come back to have another great sauna and already started discussing possible dates! Also they asked if we can find some better movies that have some peeing scenes in it so they can watch next time they come over. I am looking forward to it!

My wife approved of this story and told me that indeed she will try to make this fantasy of mine, what this story is, come true! She's got something in mind, let's see, and surprise me!!

