Desperate camping trip

12th March 2006, 09:13 AM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

This took place on a camping trip. Clare was an outdoor person, and camping was a relatively cheap way of seeing the country! Often we went as part of a group, which could make conventional sexual activity difficult, never mind anything else - tents are not exactly soundproof - but on this occasion we were just the two of us, on a trip to the North of England, and had stopped in Derbyshire somewhere, on a site with no facilities. This didn't bother us; we were in a village with public toilets, had only arrived during the afternoon and would be moving on again in the morning. The field was large enough for us to be able to pitch our tent away from the few other hardy souls who had been there when we arrived.

For our evening meal, we went to the local pub and as you do, we ended up having a few beers as well. It was only a short walk back to the site, but as I knew that there was no real alternative, I casually introduced the possibility of Clare holding her pee for me when we got back. She agreed readily enough, but when we did get back to the tent, we found that another couple had arrived while we were away and for some reason had put a trailer tent about 10 feet from ours! Leaning up against the car, we pondered the situation. Clare was, she told me, not really desperate to pee yet. She needed to go but would let me know when things got more urgent.

This suited me; I didn't want to risk being overheard as there were voices coming from our neighbours and I preferred desperate anyway! We decided to bide our time a bit and went inside. We got changed for bed; Clare had a really sexy two-piece that she wore when peeing games were not on the agenda, red silk - a vest top and French-Knicker combination. When she put this on, I assumed that, as she didn't like getting it wet, the new arrivals had effectively put an end to any games for that evening. Ever so slightly frustrated, I cuddled her as we lay in our double sleeping bags, and must have dozed off for a while.

When I awoke, after maybe an hour or so (I thought), I sensed that all was not well Clare was lying with her back to me, curled up in a ball. I put an arm across her, and she didn't move - her body was rigid. I tried to get her to turn over and face me, but she would not (Or could not) move. She was awake though. «What's up» I asked. We didn't often argue or fall out, but I did sense a slightly frosty atmosphere. «I'm absolutely bursting to go to the loo» was the reply. I tried again to get her to move, but she resisted.

«If I move, I'll wet myself. I thought we were going to go outside» We talked a bit more, and it turned out that Clare had assumed that we would get changed, wait a few minutes, then go back outside so, at the least, she could pee; possibly on me, or with me inside her. It was not a cold night, or it hadn't been when we came inside. I had made the assumption that we were not going to do anything, though how I had assumed that Clare was going to hold on until morning without peeing, and then get dressed, walk into the village and to the toilets, all without wetting herself, I don't know, but here she was, curled up, managing to hold on somehow having been desperate for ages. Eventually, I got her to roll over and face me. She remained curled up, and would not let me touch her between her legs, or on her abdomen.

«I've got to go. I've been hanging on for ages, but if I move, I think I'm going to burst. It's really uncomfortable. I could see her quite clearly, and something started to ring bells in my head. I unzipped and moved to the front of the tent. Looking outside, I noticed that it was getting light! Clare had needed to pee for most of the night, was lying there now unable to move, and I had fallen asleep. I had learned that Clare had been woken by her bladder sending urgent signals to her brain, but had continued to wait for me because, initially she felt horny and had enjoyed the feeling of being desperate, but as the situation worsened - and as the day dawned, she had felt trapped.

«You'll have to go, and to be honest, it's better if we move. If you leak on the way outside, then no problem, but if it's hurting we have to do something about it.»

«I'll wet myself.» «Look. Can you make it to the porch?» Our tent had a living / storage area at the front. It wasn't big enough for much, but it was certainly big enough for her to squat in - and for me to observe!

«OK, I'll try. But you mustn't expect me to wait until you're ready» Meaning that any thought of her bringing me off before or during her peeing was a non-starter. She was really desperate. I unzipped her side too, and got her from her rolled up position on her side, to kneeling. She had both hands between her legs, and remained motionless. «Open the tent flap then. Once I move, I'll have to be quick - and you're not to try and stop me going, either. Promise?» I promise. As I have said, these games were all well and good if we were both enjoying them, but this was clearly agony for Clare. I opened the tent flap, rolled both sides back and helped Clare move from our bed to the grass in the porch. She knelt there, both hands jammed between her legs. I knelt opposite her. «I can't wait, don't ask me to hold it for you» «I'm not going to. Just let it go, Clare».

What happened next would have needed a slow motion camera if this was a movie. Clare went from kneeling to squatting, going back on her haunches. As she did this, she used one hand to support herself, and the other quickly moved the French-Knickers to one side. Immediately, and I do mean immediately, she was peeing. There was no trickle to start, no second or two delay as her pee made its way to the outside; she went straight from bursting to peeing. This was a torrent. A thick, clear stream that powered its way into the grass. Clare watched it, but all that I could see on her face was relief.

The poor girl had managed to hold a full bladder for much of the night and this was the result. Her torrent continued unabated, the power and the thickness of the stream did not falter for more than 30 seconds. I had never before seen her pee this much. I had no idea that her little frame could hold so much! She pissed forcefully into the ground, her pee splashing noisily into the grass, then into the puddle it made as the ground could no longer cope with the amount that she was pouring onto it. I was tempted to put my hand into the stream, but got the feeling that both of us would have ended up soaked if I did! As finally her stream subsided, she looked at me. «See? I was absolutely bursting. I have never been that desperate in my life before - and to be honest, I don't want to be again. That was painful, it even hurt to let go»

I resolved not to let things get so out of control, and for something like this to happen again, and told her so. Making her wait was one thing, but hurting her was not part of the plan.

Clare was exhausted from the waiting, and the relief. We went back inside, dozed and, later, before packing up and moving on, made love while both of us needed to pee! She enjoyed making me wait, when she could, and also enjoyed the possibility that I would pee inside her if I was desperate when we reached orgasm. I had yet to do so. After, we went back to the porch, knelt as we had before and peed together.

