Outhouse Hunting Part 3

12th July 2009, 02:02 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

The three of us had gotten our drinks from the hand pump in my barn. Jeannie S and Barbie H did drink a lot of water. We now were outside at the end of my driveway when we saw Jeannie S's older sistor Barbie S comming up the road towards us. She saw us standing there and she hollered out to us. We waited for her.

She walked up to us and she told us she was headed to the store. She asked what we were up to. Jannie told her sistor that we were out hiking. Barbie H told Barbie S that we were looking for outhouses. She said this as she giggled. Jeannie spoke agan telling her sistor that we had found two new ones thanks to Victor. Then Barbie H added by saying that she and Jeannie had used them!

Barbie S laughed after Barbie H's comment. Then I asked Barbie S if she knew where there were any outhouses. We were heading down to the lake to try to find some there. There were plenty of old camps on the lake so there might be ones to find around the old camps. Barbie S stood there thinking for a very short moment and she said to us; I rember where there is one that I found! So she joined our group and she would show us where this outhouse was located.

Up over the hill we all went and down to the highway we walked. Barbie S told us as we went past the market at the end of my road she would stop on the way back. Instead of walking along the side of the highway we cut across the highway and walked down to the path that ran along the lake. We then walked the path comming out again on the highway where my frinds dock was located. Barbie S told us it was only a short walk from here now.

Now we were approaching Tifts beach which was a privatly owned beach on the lake side of the highway. On the other side was a old big red barn and big open fields. There was woods just past where the one field was and Barbie S told us we had to cross the highway for the outhouse was on the other side. So we crossed over and she cut into the field with the rest of us following behind her.

Both Jeannie and Barbie H made comments that they didn't see anything that looked like a outhouse. Just the old red barn is what they saw. I didn't see anything either but didn't say anything. Barbie S told us there was one here for she was headed for the woods at the far end of the field. Jeannie spoke up telling us; It better be very soon when we get to it! Barbie S asked her sistor why. I have to piss! Thats why. Barbie H giggled and told all of us she had to piss too! Jeannie and I did drink a lot of water at Victors.

Barbie S giggled and told her sistor and Barbie H that might be trouble for them. Jeannie asked why. It is only a one hole outhouse. Looks like you two are going to have to wait. I have to piss myself and I'm going first! That brought out a groan from both Jeannie and Barbie H. I also told Barbie S that I needed to piss also. Looks like your going to have to wait too Victor! Then Barbie S said to me; Or you and I can go together. I told her we'll go together. That brought giggles from both her sistor Jeannie and Barbie H.

We now were reaching the end of the field and Barbie S started into the woods which there was a path. We headed down a slight slope and when we reached the botom we were in a shallow ravine which there was a small clearing and there stood the outhouse. It was a small one painted red like the old barn that was out in the field.

Now we could hear traffic passing by on the highway but could not see any cars or trucks passing by from where the outhouse was. No wonder why I or Jeannie and Barbie H had never found this one before. It was to well hidden from sight. Barbie S went right over to the outhouse and opened up the door. We all looked inside and were surprised by how nice this one was inside.

It was done in knotty pine which was stained and had a very nice shiny varnish on all of the knotty pine. There was even power in it! For there was a single light fixture on the ceiling with a switch on the wall right by the door! Barbie S even turned on the light so the power to it was on. From both Jeannie and Barbie H they both told Barbie S; Come on and will you go take your piss! You too victor! Barbie abd I laughed and I stepped inside with Barbie S to take our pisses.

Barbie S like Barbie H was wearing a summer dress. She hiked it up over her hips as she had her back facing the rest of us. Barbie H as far as her wieght leaned towards the heavier side for her highth. Not by much though. Her asscheeks were nice full size and firm. Nice and curvy looking. At least that was what I always thought when I saw her ass bare!

She stepped up on the bench and straddled over the large hole opening now facing me, Jeannie and Barbie H. She smiled and then I stepped forward which Barbie holdng her dress up with one hand used her other hand and she popped the snap on my jeans and smoothly pulled the zipper down on them. She was the only one that could see right then I wasn't wearing underware and she smiled with even a bigger smile.

She laughed and then told both Jeannie and Barbie H that I wasn't wearing underware and both of them giggled short hard giggles. She ten pulled my jeans down tugging at one side at a time untill my jeans slid down on thier own which now my ass was showing. Both Jeannie and Barbie h said; Nice ass Victor! ( both of them always said that when they did see my ass)

I was fully erect and I then took a quick step towards Barbie S standing on the platform and she took a hold of my hard penis and pointed it down at the hole in the platform. Both Jeannie S and Barbie H stepped inside and squeezed them selves on my right and left side to watch Barbie S and me piss.

I only had to look slightly downward to look at Barbie S's vagina since she was standing on the platform. She had a small patch of long curled bloned pubic hair over the top of her vagina and it also ran down along side of it and under it. Her clit was short stubby and wide across. Her side lips along her long slit were large also. Right then as I was looking at her vagina Barbie S really spreaded her feet apart which now made her vagina open up wide. Wide enough her peehole could be plainly seen!

Nothing happened from either her and I for a quick few seconds. Then Barbie S started her piss. As we watched piss dribbled out from her pee hold wetting her vagina nad some of the long curly blonde pubic hair under her vagina. With her piss wetting her pubic hair under her vagina it started to sraighten and dribbled off from the wetted hair.

This went on for several seconds. Then Barbie S began to piss harder which the dribbling changed right into a good nice looking stream. Her stream had a slim head and went right into a long twist and went straight down into the center of the hole opening. From down in the hole came the soft pattering sound as her piss hit the ground. There was also a soft hiss with her piss stream now.

After Barbie S had pissed I would say I started to piss. I shot a hard thin yellow piss stream from my penis. Like Barbie S's stream I had a very short head and a long twist in my stream. My stream shot down into the hole just missing Barbie S's piss stream. Now with my piss stream hitting the ground down in the hole the softer pattering sound became much louder now that there were two streams of piss hitting the ground.

Now that I was pissing with Barbie S both Jeannie and Barbie H were watching and both of them giggled. Then Jeannie spoke up saying that she wished she was holding me. She said there was nothing like holding a hard cock and it's pissing too! Now that is double fun! Barbie S smiled and Barbie H giggled even harder. Jeannie asked Barbie H if she felt the same way when she did it. Barbie H kept on giggling and didn't answer Jeannie. Barbie H had held me when I had pissed but she was one that did keep quiet on some private matters.

With Barbie and I pissing and Jeannie and Barbie H watching us piss it seemed that those two had lost thier urge to piss dissapear awfull quickly. As it turnedf out I was wrong in thinking this. For as both Barbie S and I were getting close to having nearing the ed of our pisses for both of our streams were easing off Jeannie said to Barbie H; Looks like this show is over. I'm going outside to piss! Barbie H told Jeannie she was too.

So both of them squeezed by me and stepped outside together. Barbie S and I were finishing up for we both of us had paused and we both did several finishing spurts down into the hole. Barbie S let her dress drop and she gave my penis a couple of good shakes and then she lt go of it. I turned around and stepped out of the outhouse pulling my jeans back up as I stepped outside. Barbie S followed right behind me.

Now outside Jeannie had her red shorts pulled down and was in a high squat. Barbie H had her dress pulled up and her white panties aready pulled down and was just starting to squat down and piss. Jeannie started her piss which she sent out a real hard stream of piss that shot outward angling out from her vagina which made her have to shove her red shorts down out of the way of her stream. Hers stream did miss her red shorts and started wetting the dirt a good two feet in front of her.

Barbie H saw Jeannies stream and how it had come out and she giggled hard. With her giggfling that made her start her piss. She had a hard stream of piss shoot sraight down and splatter hard on the dirt under her. Jeannie's stream wasnt hissing but Barbie H's stream was! It hissed very loud.Barbie S had fotmed a piss puddle in a very short time since her stream was going straight down to the ground. Jeannie with her stream shoting outward didn'tmake a piss puddle but she sure did make a lot of piss trails that ran all over the ground in many different directions.

Both girls since they were pissing hard didn't take long pisses. Barbie H finished before Jeannie with her strea easing right off stopping and dripped a little. Barbie H reached down and pulled her white panties up as she stood up and had the last couple of drips of piss hit her white panties. A couple of drops she wouldn't even feel that and she didn't. She then watched and waited for Jeannie to finish her piss.

Jeannie's stream eased and it came back towards her. Now it hissed as it came back but the hiss was soft. Seeing that her stream on its way back was going to wet her red shorts Jeannie tried stopping her piss stream before it would wet her redf shorts. Not quite soon enough was she able to stop her piss stream. For it did stop but not before it had reached her red shorts. She did wet them with some of her piss. Not really all that much.

Then she satretd back up and she pissed straight down for several seconds making another small wet spot under her. Then she was done. She yanked her red shorts up as she stood up. Now where she had wetted her shorts showed. There was a small dark trail that went right up the front of her shorts. Barbie H giggled loudly. Then she told Jeannie that it looked like a boy had had pissed in his shorts thats the way your shorts look like! Jeannie giggled. Well with all of us done we left. We headed back to the store and we then helped Barbie S by carrying some of the bags of groceries and we all walked back to Barbie S's and Jeannies house and had lunch there. We then would continuie hunting for me outhouses after lunch. To be continuied.

