Worth the drive

10th June 2010, 06:04 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Definitely worth the drive - 150 miles each way, for a weekend with this lady. We had got together almost when too late; I was in the process of moving away - hence the drive - but we had known each other for a while, but been too shy to do anything about it.

Once we DID hook up, in the brief time left before I moved we established that she was as kinky as hell- and LOVED to be dominated. So bondage, sensory deprivation, using her toys on her when she was restrained... and pee.

A new area for her, but being prepared to try anything, she had me pee in her, on her, fuck her when desperate. We combined pee play with bondage, went out for drinks - her being refused access to the ladies while out, to see just how long she could go without a leak...Then I moved.

So a 150 mile drive, with me in charge, for an evening of piss fuelled sex was not uncommon thereafter. And I had rules too. On the way down, I would give her an hour's notice of my arrival, at which point she would pee, then pour a drink - cider (my rules - and a pint) then drink it, plus one more, before I arrived. I would stop along the way and have coffee or an energy drink, so that by the time I arrived, she would be standing, thighs clenched together and I would be close to having to hold too. Upstairs to her bedroom, and she would lay on the bed while I undressed to join her, where we would both have a pint of cider - leaving her almost frantic. Now - from here, a choice. No towels or protection on the bed, and she would refuse to pee on her sheets, so I could make her wait simply by staying put. Oh, I would have to wait too - but I enjoy that anyway.

Restraints? sure - velcro straps around wrists and ankles and lie her spread-eagled to the bed as I teased and touched her pussy, her clit, tickling her thighs and watching as her pussy muscles twitched and contracted. My tongue would tease further, her determination not to pee her bed, or on my face being tested to the max as I licked and sucked her clit. Oral was our favourite mutual pastime and I knew exactly how to make her cum; and she was so gloriously wet and tasty when fully aroused that I had to have her cum, but she would stop me for fear that she would wet herself.

So, towels on the bed, or on the floor, on the air bed, with towels on that; or if it was dark - how about out into her yard and see how the cool evening air affected things. Or; maybe have her restrained against the door, legs apart so I could finger fuck her. I LOVED to slide my fingers inside her, press against her G spot, then up and hard against her bladder. Full or not, doing this would have her wriggling to piss, so doing it when she was bursting would be such torture for her. Meantime, I am desperate to pee as well, so maybe it is time to have her beneath me- air bed and towels.

She now has to lie, legs wide again, and feel the tip of my cock against her puss; desperate to piss a river, unable to hold herself, but now she will feel me entering her. I am close to pissing too; so flex my muscles and send a jet of pee deep inside of her, move on and out of her a few times, then withdraw. Once - and only once, she lost a jet of her own pee as I withdrew. I wanted her to save all of it for me; so there would be a forfeit later; probably an extra pint in the pub for her bladder to hold on to if we went out!

Knowing she was close to losing it, I would direct my own pee, as hard as I could, against her pussy and clit, before moving up her body so that she could take me onto her mouth for a while and get me close to cumming. As I kneel over her, it's so obvious that more than half of her attention is on holding her pee - so more choices! This time, her on top, guide me inside her and ride me. She is so, so supple leaning back, fucking me and rubbing her clit. This time I want her to cum and cum hard; the pee doesn't matter - I want to cum too, but after her.

I could never tire of seeing her face as she got close; as she controlled her orgasm with her fingers, then let it rip through her. Then, feeling her clench me tightly as she fought the overwhelming urge to piss. She could never do that with me inside her, or indeed with me touching her, so her final act of desperation and control would have to be her rising up, remaining above me then taking my cock, rubbing me until she knew i was about to explode, before relaxing her bladder muscles so that a trickle could escape. As my cum hit her thighs, she could relax completely and soon, that trickle became a hissing torrent as she forced out all of that cider - pissing hard on me, washing the cum from my cock, spraying both of us for a minute or more.

Ah, memories. This is a hybrid of true odds and ends with a truly awesome woman. I just felt in the mood to do it. Believe me, the drive was worth every minute, every mile, to have at the end of it this raven haired, dark eyed beauty with an imagination which, though I say it myself, surpassed my own. I will add more details of our nights out, experiments and fun if you like! Like I said, what is above is a sort of pick and mix. Oh, she was good. So very, very good. Tender and considerate in every way.

And I lost her.

