The Next Step Up

24th November 2011, 11:35 PM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

Hello again! I am really glad you enjoyed my last story, I can tell you that it was definitely enjoyable writing it because it brought back the amazing feeling I had! Anyway now for my next story, same location though different experience...

After that first experience I knew that I wanted to have that feeling again, though this time I was going to raise the stakes! As you know the first story was about my wetting experience, this story is about my first peeplay experience (unfortunately a solo one). I was watching my usual Wednesday night TV show while having a glass of one of my favourite ales - Old Speckled Hen. I know that everyone says alcohol is a sure fire way to an enjoyable pee experience but I though it would mean a few drinks, not just one glass!

When I had finished my drink I didn't quite have a desperate need to go, so I put on a movie from Sky Anytime just to pass the time. Then came the moment I was waiting for! My bladder had decided that it wanted to empty itself and it didn't care what plans I had for my experiment! My pee was ready to flow, and I was still downstairs dressed and nowhere near ready! I don't think I have ever moved faster in my life, I felt like Clark Kent using his super speed to save the day! The only difference was I am not a fictional superhero and I was in a desperate need to pee!

I quickly went though my regular nightly routine (which I explained in my last story) and rushed upstairs with my legs completely crossed! I was sure that I was going to wake the whole house, which would have made it very difficult to explain what it was I intended to do! Actually if they did all wake up and come out of their rooms when I was crashing my way up the stairs I would have probably wet myself right in front of them! That though would have turned me on and given me a massive erection (which would have made it an even more awkward situation)! Gladly for the protection of my secret (another Clark Kent reference) that did not happen and I was in the clear! I had to strip out my clothes without stopping to admire myself as my bladder was about to explode! I was strongly confident that I was going to flood the bathtub, which I was really looking forward to!

I climbed into the tub in disbelief of what I was going to do! My plan was to actually pee on myself, and I don't mean aiming at my leg or peeing onto my hand - no I was going to lie down and aim my cock at my chest! I was slightly nervous because it was only the other night that I experimented with wetting myself and this was a huge step up! I lay down as flat as the tub would let me, and then I took a deep breath. I was going to do this and rather then feeling weird (like I would have before finding this site) I felt excited! 

I aimed my cock and looked at the head, which was getting thicker the more time that passed before I had to let go. I read in one of the forums that a guy had wondered what goes through a females mind as she stared at the penis in front of her. Now I knew, it wasn't revulsion or a negative thought, it was eager anticipation, the wait for the warmth I knew I was going to be feeling was almost unbearable! I could feel my pee about to flow out but when it was just about to be released I held the head of my cock, so that the pee would build up.

I waited for the pressure to be too much and then I relaxed my grip and my pee shot out faster then I had ever though pee could! And to my joyous surprise my pee hit me square in the face and splattered everywhere! Obviously I had got my trajectory slightly wrong, though I was glad I did! The feeling of my pee covering my face was amazing! As it did go in my nose and my mouth I did choke slightly but it was certainly worth it! I then altered the direction my cock was pointing and I began peeing all over my chest.

I then proceeded to rub it in soaking up the warmth like a pee greedy sponge! I even raised my fingers to my mouth to lick them and taste it, which sent me over the edge! I am pretty confident that I peed for near a full two minutes, which was brilliant because the warm pee was making me so aroused, and like the night before I did not want that feeling to ever go away! Even though I wasn't actually masturbating I was so stiff and turned on, that my cum began to spurt out! I mixed it in with my pee soaked chest and even tasted that, something I don't usually do but I was just so caught up in the moment!

I hope that you all found this story as enjoyable as the other one, from my point of view it was definitely more fun! When I build up the courage (and get the money) I will get myself a camcorder and film my nightly exploits! Stick around for more because there is plenty more pee left in me! Come to think of it I will probably at another experience to my list tonight

