Peeing in the mall

9th April 2007, 03:55 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

Most large shopping malls have some sort of trees in them, to give us all the feeling of being outside on a perfect weather day, no matter what the real season outside. Last year my boyfriiend Josh and I were casually strolling through the mall when he asked if I thought anyone has ever peeed in one of the tree pots I told him I was sure nobody was brave enough to try it. He then asked if I thought I could pull it off. Immediately I asked "whats the prize?" I learned a long time ago to negotiate whenever he wanted some 'special treat' for sex, so why not get something out of this silly thing too?

"First things first" I told him, buy me something to drink while I think about this. We headed for the food court where he bought me a large 16 oz Pepsi. "How do you purpose I do this" I asked? He admitted he had no idea whatsoever. "First thing," I said, is "I want that new tee shirt we just looked at". "Deal" he replied, "You pee in the mall, and the shirt is yours, today even".

We sat drinking the Pepsi while we tossed several ideas around, all of which seemed impossible to follow through with. Finally I told him "I have it, but I need your help, when the time comes I need some popcorn and another small drink of somekind". We finished our Pepsi's and I downed another smaller one over the next 20 minutes before I headed to the rest room to remove my shorts and panties. I placed them in my shopping bag, then wrapped my jacket around my waist, tying the sleeves at my beltline, Fortunately the tee shirt covered all essentials in the front and with the jacket covering my ass so I didnt have to worry about the tee shirt riding up.

We returned to the foodcourt where Josh bught a medium popcorn and another small drink. We casually strolled back to the older section of the mall, where the trees were. I picked out my 'spot' casually backed up to it and as I lifted my jacket I plunked my bare butt into what seemed like barbed wire. Actaully it wasn't barbed wire, just some drcorative gravel surrounding the trees. Josh sat next to me and we began munching on the popcorn while I let out a small trickle while sitting innocently in the middle of the mall with shopers and families strolling past. I dribbled it out slowly, so as to not cause any visable signs, or give away my secret.

After about 5 minutes I had completely emptied my baldder. I slowly rose from the pot making sure the jacket covered my ass fully and we continued our leasurely stroll to the tee shirt shop where I selected a brand new shirt. While trying it on I replaced my panties and shorts, for our trip home. Now, everytime we pass the trees in the mall, Josh asks "ya thirsty, How about a large Pepsi?"

