When nature calls. Part 2

28th August 2007, 02:03 PM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Hi- glad you all liked sharing my happy memory. It really WAS an unplanned accident on her part. It turns out that my dear wifey is actually MORE into pee play than I am! (Intentional wet play, VERY definitely NOT public accidents). She just thought that because of my strict upbringing, that there was zero chance I'd even consider it, and didn't want me to think badly of her. While I am turned on by watersports, I still have a pretty high level of inhibition about it sometimes (feeling guilty, evil, wrong, etc.). She keeps me "pushing the envelope" of my inhibitions- often enjoys seeing me squirm as I try to overcome some erotic mental hurdle- which brings me to part 2 of my story- the trip home.

Marie could tell how hugely turned on I was by our wet incident, so she knew she didn't have to stay in the watersports "closet" any more. The most important thing to her, however (as she told me in later years) was how I made her feel safe when she had a problem (as in a wetting emergency!).

The drive home was mellow, almost like an afterglow. However, I hadn't peed since leaving the restaurant. Just hadn't filled up yet. But it was getting there! Marie noticed that with each mile, my legs grew more and more antsy. Sometimes you are fine one minute, then urgency comes on like gangbusters! This was one of those times. My shorts still being wet from rinsing in the fountain didn't make things any easier! I whipped the car into the driveway, slammed the gearshift into park. "Honey- I'll leave the door open for you" I blurted out. That's when she struck! "NOPE"! She exclaimed as she snatched the keyring from the ignition switch! Marie jumped from the car, took off running with the keys to the woods behind the house we were renting! "Guess-you'll-just-have-to-pee-out-HERE, Mr. Vic!", she taunted with a musical lilt to her voice.

Back then she did a lot of bicycling and ballet, and was quite fast and flexible. "You're in BIG trouble, little missy!", I exclaimed through clenched teeth. "Yeah, yeah, so what", she mocked as she dodged about with some of her ballet moves. "Whatcha gonna do, PEE on me, or something?!"

"Don't think I won't! I'm about to explode!" Marie can always tell when I'm making an empty, (or half-empty) threat.

With that, she jumped right in front of me, and in one fast, seamless move, fell to her knees on the soft blanket of pine needles, while grabbing the elastic waistband of my shorts, yanking them (and my underwear!) to my ankles!

Marie then reclined back (while still kneeling, her legs folded behind her), popped open the snaps of her light, flower-print blouse, gazed up at me with heavy eyelids, and a tiny, "Mona Lisa" smile.

"Daaare ya", she breathed, cocking her head slightly askew, offering her pert lace bra-covered breasts upwards.

I had never done anything like this, never even thought it POSSIBLE. Would I overcome my inhibition, or would I whip sideways to drain my nearly bursting bladder. Bullets of sweat ran down my face, my heart beat as though it might burst out of my chest.

Then it happened...

Marie blinked her eyes shut, stuck out just the tip of her sweet little tongue at me- one final, saucy taunt.

.

.

.

I totally lost it. Completely lost control. I drenched her lace bra and those beautiful tits within like a fire hose.

"WHAA!!!"- she gasped in mock horror. "I don't BELIEVE this!... Look what you're DOING to me!"

The gusher seemed to go on forever- even PULSATING in tune with the trip-hammer pounding of my heart!

My beloved Marie then reached up, took hold of my still-spraying penis with the small, soft, (yet strong) fingers of her right hand, and aimed the now-diminshing stream squarely to her left breast. Reaching up with her left hand (into my stream!), she tugged down the left side of her pee-soaked lace bra, letting my last spurts tickle her proud, bare, nipple.

Empty.

I felt as though I'd run a marathon, my legs nearly turned to rubber, my head spinning.

Marie, still holding me in her hand, leaned up straighter, gazing up at me with a wry smile. "You know what the coffee ad says"- she said. "Good..." (inching closer to me) "to the last..." (closer) "...DROP!" With "DROP!" she flicked the tip of her tongue RIGHT ON THE FINAL DROPLET OF PEE ON THE TIP OF MY PENIS!!"

"Mmmm... good!"- she licked her lips!...

That was the sex nuke, the mushroom cloud.

I swooped down, hoisted her to he feet, spun her around, yanked down her still- wet pants, bent her forward and instantly plunged into my beloved from behind. Marie grabbed hold of a nearby, waist high limb. As on fire as I was, I was DETERMINED to hold out. My saucy lover, however, decided she'd keep the control that day, not me. Between each rapid thrust I took deep into her sweet, wet, tight pussy, she exclaimed- "You... PEED... on... me... and... you... LIKED IT!"

Every fiber of my being instantly clenched in the hardest climax of my life. I was roaring like a crazed animal, and was instantly joined by the wild pleasure-shreik of my beloved.

I don't remember much of the rest of that day. Guess you could call it "anti-climactic."

It turned out to be a number of years before we actually got to take our honeymoon trip. Our honeymoon at home was OK by me.

Hope you liked my rememberence, and hope life goes well for all of you, too.

Later!- Vic

