Beautiful Liz at the Lake

30th August 2008, 11:39 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

We were all unmarried and for the most part, unattached and we'd decided to go to California together on vacation. We rented a couple of Houseboats for a week long party on a really large lake. While it was very sunny, it was still early in the spring and not very hot. We all were wearing swimwear during the entire vacation but in the evening needed to wear a sweatshirt or top to stave off the cool air.

One afternoon it turned cool and we stayed out of the water. A couple of the women started making cocktails, carrying them around to everyone on a serving tray. They were wearing sexy swimsuits under their sweater tops, with heeled sandals that only accentuated their sexy butts. I loved staring while they were walking among us. As fast as they made and served the drinks they needed to stop and make more. Pretty soon the weed came out and that just made us more thirsty. Everyone was laughing, giggling and retelling great stories from our college days.

All of these ladies were really attractive but one of the two mixing the drinks was also really sexy and had a great body. I had rarely taken my eyes off of her olive skinned butt the entire week. She was Portuguese and her name was Elizabeth, but we always called her Liz. I'm sure that she had been drinking and smoking for most of the afternoon. I still remember her in a one-piece. It was a light red and cream swimsuit with a collared loose fitting top that reached just past her waist. The coloring in her swimsuit had faded a bit and it may have been a little small, but the way it covered and accentuated her ass and love mound just took my breath away. Walking among us while serving drinks made it all to obvious that she was feeling no pain.

About half way through the afternoon she disappeared for a few minutes but soon returned. I immediately noticed a half circle of wetness surrounding her mound and a matching stain on her butt. It was easy to tell that her pussy had gotten a good soaking to. Her lips were swollen and pressing against her suit. In my mind there was no doubt that she had just decided to pee herself while we were all partying. The only problem was that I thought it odd that she would actually do it. While I couldn't take my eyes away from her crotch and was easily able to examine her from every angle, I still could not believe that she had wet her pants. We were all loaded, but I was excited and loaded.

Now living on these houseboats meant that if you used the toilets a lot, then you would have to return more often to port for a «pump out». Kind of the unwritten rule was that if you just needed to pee then you jumped into the lake. I guess Liz forgot that she wasn't in the water or just didn't care. She really was one of those women that not only was very sexy but just plain «naughty». She loved teasing men and new what excited them. I'm sure she new that she could easily get away with wetting herself any time she wished and probably thought nothing of it. The crotch of her swimsuit dried, but the stain remained and was quite obvious well into the evening.

I still wasn't positive, but later I was in the shower and noticed her swimsuit draped over the towel rack. There was no better invitation and I picked it up to examine the crotch. As soon as I put it to my nose I knew. Liz had peed in it.

A couple of days later Liz and I were paired up for the trip home in my truck. Our conversations varied during the trip, but it wasn't long before the subject of sex came up. She admitted that because of the number of people on the boats, sex was not convenient and after a week she was really horny. Well, before long we were doing it in the truck. I remember her saying that she had special needs and that I needed to make her cum three times. I told her the one thing that would make that possible is if she told me about her peeing in her swimsuit the other day. I'll never forget her answer, «yea I probably wet my pants, why, what's the matter with that?»

She came three times.

