The 48

4th July 2011, 08:27 AM

Author: wcp8338

Location: West Coast (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

(A fantasy really loosely based on actual events)

It had been a pleasant date for Tara, if nothing special. She'd met up with a fellow who was charming if not terribly interesting, and had a glass with him; she'd enjoyed the beer and then took her leave, as she was headed for a friend's house.

It was a gorgeous Seattle summer day, and she was leaving from Green Lake, which made it even lovelier, so rather than waiting at the bus stop for the Route 48 she decided to walk along tree-lined Ravenna Avenue to the next stop. She was going south to the university, then crossing the lake to the east side to have dinner with her old friends.

Almost as soon as she started walking, the bus passed her. Tara had to laugh; it always worked out that way and she always pushed it. She hated waiting, but now she'd have to wait even longer once she got to the next stop; she was in no real hurry, but she didn't want to miss the next one.

After a pleasant little walk, she consulted the schedule and saw the next 48 bus was scheduled to come by in fifteen minutes. After that she wasn't quite sure how long it would take her to reach the university, where she'd transfer to another bus, nor was she sure how long she'd have to wait for that second one. But she was sure she had time, and there would always be another bus. Her friends would understand.

After just a few minutes of waiting, she realized that she needed to pee.

Tara wasn't worried. She was perfectly capable of holding it in for an hour, she thought; she'd certainly held it far longer than that! Back in her school days she could last for three hours easily, and push it to six if she had to. It wouldn't be a super-long trip, either, once the bus got here.

Assuming she made all the connections, of course, the ones she wasn't quite sure of...

People always said to "think about something else," but there wasn't a whole lot to do at the bus stop except think, and that focused her attention back on her situation before long. If it took the bus another six or seven minutes to get here, she'd be down at the university in about twenty. Then there would be a wait of indeterminate length, then a twenty-five minute ride to the transit center on the east side, then her friends would have to pick her up. And they were habitually a bit late. Then another five minute ride, ten if there was traffic, to their house. Fifty minutes at least, but it could also be well over an hour. Well, that could be a problem, then; she felt like she was filling up kind of fast. That damn beer.

She remembered there was a public restroom at the transit center. Well, she could probably hold it until she got there; two bus rides, but that shouldn't be a severe hardship. That would save the embarassment of telling her friends she needed to use the bathroom the instant she got to their house. That had always made her a bit red in the face, even if it was silly. She could remember one time she and a friend had gone to a concert in college; it had been amazing but run a bit long, and somehow both of them had wound up bursting by the end of it. The restrooms at the auditorium had been jammed afterward, of course, so they'd simply rushed home... and to Tara's chagrin they'd found one of their guy friends waiting for them to come home. All she could say was apologize and dash to the bathroom, her friend rushing upstairs to the other one.

The 48 finally arrived. Tara boarded with a bit of twinge from her crotch, but she found an empty seat and sat down with her legs crossed. It wouldn't be too much of a problem now; she was on her way.

Five minutes later she was starting to reconsider that assessment. The 48 was a mainstay of Seattle transit, and was heavily used; they were definitely behind schedule, maybe back by five minutes or so. Ordinarily this would have been no hardship, but somehow Tara was rapidly approaching the point of desperation. It was so strange! She hadn't needed to go at the bar at all... of course, she hadn't used the bathroom for a few hours now, so it might be water from earlier in the day. And that beer really could go straight through her, plus she'd drunk it pretty fast.

All right, so this was going to be a problem.

Basically she could last until she got off the 48--maybe another ten minutes--but then she'd have to find a bathroom on this side of the lake. The problem was where. She'd be passing through the university, but she wasn't sure how much access she'd have to their buildings, and more to the point it was easy to get lost and she didn't know the campus well. Besides, getting off the 48 at campus would delay her considerably; with the bus running late, she was worried about missing her connection to the east side. There would be more buses, of course, but it would be quite a delay.

But what else was there except campus? The hospital, maybe, but again, she didn't know it well, and she wasn't sure if she could get in without being a patient. No, what she needed was a straight-up public bathroom, as near to the bus lines as she could get; if nothing else, she was going to need to get to one as fast as possible, with no delays or getting lost or locked doors in her path.

The bus inched past the university, collecting yet more people, and Tara began to wonder if she'd made the right call about not trying to find something campus, but by then it was too late; the bus turned the corner onto Pacific and the next stops would be the hospital. Where could she go?

There was the arboretum--but she had no recollection of where the restrooms were in there. Plus it would be at least a five-minute walk to the very edge of it, longer to get in and find a toilet. No alternatives, either, as it would be all suburbs until she got there. On the other hand there would plenty of secluded places, out of sight from most directions. She could find one, squat, let it all out...

Wow, she really had to go if she was thinking of that already. Ordinarily she wouldn't even consider popping a squat unless she were truly drunk or truly bursting. No, there had to be something, some place she could go.

The bus collected its last passengers at the hospital, went up to the next light, and stopped short. The intersection was totally gridlocked. Oh, fuck, was the drawbridge up? Ordinarily they didn't let boats through during rush hour, but it was late enough on a Friday evening, with boaters wanting to get out onto the lake, that they might be opening it up... damn! They wouldn't keep the bridge up for very long, but then the traffic had to clear, and there would be no bus stops until they got to the other side.

The light turned green, but of course nobody could move, and so Tara sat, her legs jammed together, almost starting to sweat. The arboretum and its trees was starting to call to her, but to be honest she wasn't sure she'd be able to get that far without soaking herself. That entire beer must be in her bladder by now, demanding instant exit. She folded her hands in her lap and leaned forward a bit, as if trying to see forward. She had no real desire to advertise her predicament to everyone, although in another few minutes concealment might not be possible.

Oh, it was getting bad, it was getting so bad... she'd have to hurry down to the arboretum, unless she came up with a better option.

The traffic was moving again at last, thank god, but now the light for her lane was red and there was still no forward progress; at least the bridge was down and it was only a matter of time. Knowing that helped, but only a little; it still seemed like eons before the light finally turned, before the cars ahead of the bus finally moved, before the bus itself finally made its way around the corner...

Then there was yet more trouble, as the bus had to merge to fit across the bridge, and people didn't always let it in. Even when some people were more considerate than others, the 48 was a long articulated bus, and it needed a ton of room to fit into a lane. It took at least another minute to wedge its way into traffic and get across the bridge. Then there was more traffic. Holy fuck, she had to pee so bad, and the entire neighborhood was teaming up to stop her... she looked ahead. There was the bus stop, but it still seemed so far away. She pulled the cord and thought frantically. She was sweating now, she could feel her face, her shoulders, her entire body getting so tight, as tight as her legs she'd crossed, as tight as her muscles were squeezed to keep in her pee. She looked around...

There! That was the answer, right there! There was a little walkway/bike trail that ran off from the sidewalk, down under the highway, and over to the play fields. She'd gone there a few times to play frisbee with her friends, she knew the way. All she had to do was stay dry until she could get off the bus, walk down under the freeway, across the fields, and there would be a bathroom on the far side.

The traffic finally moved again. Tara fought her way up the bus aisle, biting her lip, knowing that there was near-panic on her face but no longer caring so long as there was also no wet spot on her ass. The bus finally came to a stop and she was off it at last. Farewell to the 48--hello bathroom, hello peeing, hello sweet relief!

But first she had to backtrack a bit to find that walkway, and then as she headed down it the path seemed longer than she remembered. Plus there were still the fields to cross, a full soccer field's length and then some. And was she really sure there was a bathroom over there? It was a park, there were buildings, there had to be one... but the park was not always well-used. And she'd never actually gotten to that end of the field to see what was there. What if there wasn't anything? What if there was a bathroom, but it was locked? She couldn't wait much longer... she had to go!

With a little sob she had to jam her hands between her legs and bend double to keep it in. She was still within view of the cars rushing by on the highway, still almost in view of the street, but it was that or soak herself. After a moment she brought her bladder back under control. She'd stayed dry, somehow... but she knew now that her time remaining was measured in seconds, not the minutes it would take to get to the bathroom she only thought would be there.

She had to get out of sight. She had to pee, now, so bad she thought she would burst, so bad she was crying a little, but she had to get out of sight. The path she was on was fenced in, fences she couldn't climb even if she wasn't about to soak herself; going back would just put her on one of the busiest streets in the neighborhood... she had to keep going forward. She had to. She had to pee.

She went down the path. Here, under the highway? No, people on the lake might still see her. She walked a few more steps, got herself around the curve of the path...

She stopped again, hands jammed in between knotted legs, every muscle in her body bent on holding it back for another second. But she was totally out of time. She was going to pee here whether she liked it or not. There was no cover; anyone coming along the path would see everything. And she knew there were bikers who used this trail, coming along quickly and quietly without warning... they would see everything...

She'd have to chance it. If anyone came, they'd either see her dropping her pants now, or wetting her pants in a second.

Quickly she undid her belt, unzipped, wriggled her jeans down to mid-thigh, panties coming with them. She backed up to the chain-link fence, bending forward a bit, and gasped as her piss exploded like a fire hose out of her before she could even get down into a full squat. In this position she would ordinarily be soaking her jeans and her boots; instead she seemed to be blasting her pee so fiercely it was shooting out of her straight back, a solid jet, back through the chain link and into the foliage on the other side.

If she'd been thinking she might have covered her crotch with her hands, instead of leaving them holding her pants; if she'd been thinking she might have cut off the stream after she'd let enough out to hold it for a minute, at least to that hypothetical bathroom or to the secluded groves of the arboretum, somewhere with more cover than this bike trail under a highway. But Tara wasn't thinking at all, she was simply sighing with relief, her eyes half-closed and her mouth half open in almost sexual pleasure, the incredible delight of letting go at last filling her so totally she no longer had any modesty at all.

Her stream began to dwindle, though, and that got through to her; losing its force, it might start falling down instead of shooting back, and get her clothes and boots wet. She squeezed off the flow for a moment. That suddenly reignited all her desperation again, the last bit of piss in her just as urgently demanding release as all the rest, and going someplace else was totally out of the question; all she could manage was to finish her squat, getting low enough that she did not soak anything.

Even after her initial burst of piss, she apparently still had a lot left in her, and she glanced down in mild shock at how much pee she was letting out; she wasn't wetting anything she was wearing, but she was definitely catching a bit of splatter as her pee splashed back off the pavement. Well, there was no help for that, and it would dry.

Once she finished, she pulled some tissue from her purse and wiped off as quickly as she could, the pleasure of relief still filling her but now allowing her to realize she had her pants around her knees on a public bike path. She pulled her pants up and redid her belt in a rush, and only then turned to inspect the damage.

She had to giggle. She'd known she'd left a considerable wet patch on the concrete of the path, but she hadn't realized just how strongly she'd been pissing at first; as far as she could tell, the leaves of all the plants in a circle a foot across behind her were dripping. She'd managed to spray them all. She stuffed the tissue through the chain length--what was a little littering after what she'd just done?--and headed back up the path.

She walked off, vastly more comfortable, vastly relieved. As she did, a bicyclist rode past, not giving her a second glance. She giggled again; she'd been safe only by seconds.

Swinging her arms with delight at what she'd managed to keep secret, Tara headed back up to the bus stop. If she was lucky, she might even have time to catch her next bus.

