/a-friends-fantisy/38667/

A Friends Fantisy

23rd November 2009, 03:18 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I'm sure that at one time or another we all had fantisies whether just involving yourself our with others. Well I had one that involved a girl and it was her that had this fantasy and she and I played it out. Barbie S was the girl that was involved with itand the fantasy was hers.

How it got started was she and I were together doing homework at my house. I had convereted what had been a small bedroom off from my bedroom into a small personal study. I had a desk,bookshelves made in the small closet,a sofa, and lastly one of the remaining bunk beds that had been in the room.

It was a Saturday afternoon and both of us were in my study room working on our homework. I helped her and she me. We had taken breaks every so often as we worked. We worked right through taking the whole afternoon. Not wanting to quit it was getting close to dinner so I went downstairs asked my mother would it be ok if Barbie S stayed for dinner. I told her that we were still working on our assighnments. She told me she could so I went back upstairs and told Barbie H that she could stay for supper.

A little while later my mother called us to come down for it was time to have dinner. Both Barbie S and I went downstairs and grabbed our plates and told my mother we were eating upstairs while we worked. That was fine with her. Back upstais we went. We worked and ate. We finished eating took a break and took our dishes back down to the kitchen and went back upstairs to my study again.

We went back to work. We worked right till it had gotten dark outside and we finsihed. Both of us let out sighs of relief in the fact we were done. Both of doing this sighing together at the same time we both laughed hard. I said to Barbie S after we had stopped laughing; Now we can relax. So we both went over on the sofa together first just sat there relaxing for awhile which relived the built up tension from working for so long.

Now feeling relaxed we went downstairs to the kitchen for a snack and a drink. My mother had already left for work for she was a nurse and she did work every other weekend. We got our snack and drinks and went back up to my study room. We again sat down on the sofa ate our snack and drank our drink.

As we had our snack and drink Barbie S started talking about fantisies. She asked me if I ever had any. I laughed and told her that I had. So I told her a few. Then she told me a few also and including one about being a dog. A dog! I said back to her. Yes a dog she said back to me. So she went on telling me about it a little but stopping short not telling me all of it.

Then right after she had stopped short Barbie S asked me; Would you want to play it out with me? I wasn't sure about doing it becuase to me it seemed so childish at least as what she had told me about it. Barbie then in a kind of pleading sounduing tone in her voice said to me; Come on I promise you will like it. I said ok I guess still not being sure about it.

Barbie S got up from the couch and went right over to the bed. She sat down on it and I went over and sat down with her. Then Barbie S got on the bed on her hands and knees. I turned and looked at her. First I have to get myself ready for this Barbie said to me. Barbie S then got off from the bed and stood by it.

She faced me standng there. You know how dogs do certain things she said to me first. I told her yes I did but not knwing just what she was getting to. Barbie S then went on to say about dogs sniffing each other out. I said yes back to her. Well you can sniff me out and I'll sniff you out! Now with her saying this to me I now WAS going to go along with Barbie S's fantasy!

Barbie S was wearing a old checkered summer dress and right then she reached under it with her hands and she pulled down a old pair of white panties she had on underneath her dress! She stepped completely out of them tossed them to me. Laughing she said to me; Sniff them! That will get you in the mood! They were slightly yellowed stained in the crotch and when I gave them a sniff I smelled piss! I tossed them on the floor saying I was getting ready really fast. My cock was springing to life now inside my briefs and jeans!

Barbie S then got back on the bed and kneeled beside me. Now you have to get the same way if you're going to be the male dog Barbie S now said to me. Without any hesitation I stood up and I took care of my jeans taking them off along with my shoes, socks, and lastly my white briefs. Now with my jeans and briefs taken off Barbie S looked at my cock which was almsot erect she let out a little giggle and she then patted the matress with her hand. Come on over here! Lets sniff each other out!

I got right on the beds matress with her. Barbie S pulled her dress right up well past her waist exposing her ass and vagina! She wiggled her bare ass back and forth saying at the same time sniff this! So I leaned over and as I did I asked Barbie S where do you want me to sniff? She let out a giggle first. Then she told me anywhere from here taking one of her hands reaching back and a finger pointing it at her asshole to her vagina!

So I did. I sniffed at her asshole (no shit smell to it) and then I went down to her vagina which was slightly wet and had a faint oder of piss to it. So right after my sniffing her vagina I went and gave it several quick licks! I backed away with Barbie S giggling from me having licked off her vagina asked me; Starting to like my fantisy? I laughed a little and said YES! By the way did you like how I acted being a male dog and licked you off? Barbie S giggled a little harder and told me saying a very loud YES!

Then it was Barbie S's turn to sniff me out. I got on my hands and knees and she moved over behind me. Before she did anything she told me to lift up one of my legs like a male dog that was going to piss! It will make it easier for me to sniff more of you out Barbie S said to me giggling slightly. So I took my left leg and raised it high in the air sideways for her.

I felt movement as Barbie S moved and I then felt her warm breath on me on my asscheeks right as she was moving towards my asshole first. I heard a couple of short sniffs and then I felt Barbie S take a hold of my ock and jerk it down! I heard her sniffing and then I felt her wet tounge lick over my balls! Then up on to my ock going all around it and upward at te same time till she reached its head and she then gave my head a few swipes with her tounge and then she pulled back and away telling me to put my leg down now.

I did put my leg back down and I was laughing and I asked her if she had smelled anything. Barbie giggling told me she hadn't. But your cock tatsed salty! No piss smell though she also said to me. So now being into Barbie S's fantisy all the way I asked her what we dogs going to do next! Barbie S giggled hard for a short moment. Then she told me.

Barbie S first asked me about the matress on the bed. It was old,badly worn in spots, and was torn along the sides of it. Is this matress being kept? she asked me. If it is we can't do the next part. I told Barbie S it was going to be tossed out. I just hadn't taken it out of the room and put in in the trash. GOOD we can do the next part then! Barbie S said to me.

Barbie S giggled again before she explained what was to happen next. After she had stopped her giggling she went on. I'm a female in heat! I laughed hard and told Barbie S that you didn't smell like you are in heat! But your pussy was a little wet! That made her giggle agian a little. Females like males piss to let the male know that the female is in heat. So I'm going to piss to let you know I'm in heat!

So Barbie S moved over on the matress getting in a spot where she could piss on it out of our way. She stayed on her hands and knees but leaned her bare ass down some before she would piss. I stared intently at her ass and pussy as she got ready to piss.I had a short wait before she did.

When Barbie s started to piss she dribbled and stopped. She slightly wetted the top of the matress with her piss which was more of making just several small wet spots like only having dripped piss on it. Wait I'll matk it better! she said to me. So I waited. As I waited and watched looking at her ass and pussy Barbie S told me she was going to mark only this one spot. There isn't enough room on the matress to piss in different spots! Ok? I laughed and said ok.

Now Brbie S again started to piss. Like before she dribbled some which diod wet the same spot on the matress. Then her dribbling formed into a weakish looking stream which went straight down wetting the same area of the matress more. Then she started pissing harder which her stream came out angling backwards some which hiting the top of the matress made a wet line on it till where when her stream stopped its backwards movemet started making a new wet area. By this time she had a nicely formed stream of piss which was twisted and hissing as it flowed.

Barbie S pissed longe enough in that by the time she did stop pissing the entire matresses top was soaked with her piss. I would have said that it was a good three foot area that she had soaked. Barbie S carefully backed up turned around and she knelt on the matress. You bettr go somewhere up at the other end. I laughed and told her that I would have to. YOU pissed almsot over that entire end of the matress. Barbie S laughed.

So I moved and faced across the matress up at the headboard end. I was on my hands and knees. My cock being erectwas pointed not down but straight out. If I started to piss this way I would have pissed out in front of me hitting the matress and off the bed on to the carpet on the floor. The matress would have been alright to piss on but not the carpet.

So I started to reache down under me to take a hold of my erect cock and shove it down so I would pisss on just he matress. Barbie S asked me; What are you doing. I told her if I left myslef like I was I would miss and piss on the carpet on the floor. She laughed and told me even though we are supposed to be dogs let me hold you! I laughed and I stopped reaching for my ock and let Barbie S hold it down instead. (I liked having her hold me anytime!)

Barbie had my cock down but at a slightly forward angle. Before I started to piss Barbie S let out a giggle. Maybe right now we should change the fantisy she said to me. Why's that? I asked her. Maybe to a cow she said to me for I feel like I'm about to milk one! I laughed and told her that was impossible! I'm a male. I know that! Barbie S said right back to me quickly. BUT I KNOW you wouldn't mind having this milked anyway! As he said it she gave my cock several good strokes with the hand that was holding it. I luaghed and told her; Let me piss! Barbie laughed and waited for me now to piss.

Unlike her I diodn't start weakly or dribble. I only gave just the slightest push to start. I had a stream come shooting out very hard out of the slit of my cock. Since Barbie S was holding me I could look back under me and see myself piss. My stream was wide headed went intoo a long twist that was broken by my piss stream had hit the top of the matress. I was pissing on the matress so hard that my piss did splash making a big wet area on the matresses top. Some of my splashing piss even splashed on my bare legs by my knees.

I really wetted a much larger area of the matress then Barbie S had done by the time that I had finished my piss. When I stopped I got right off the matress and so did Barbie S. My hands and knees and feet were wet with my piss. I told Barbie S I needed to get a towel and dry off. We also have to flip the matress over too. I went and got a towel and dried myself off.

Then she and I grabbed the handles on the matress and pulled it up which was not all that easy to do sice both of us had pissed on the matress and it was now heavier then it would have ben if it was dry. We managed to flip it. The matress was dry for the matress had no foam or other materials inside of it. It was one of thse ones that had metal coil springs inside of it. If it had foam in it this side would have been wet too.

