T, Anu,Katre and us, in the cabin

14th October 2012, 11:02 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

In our Cabin. Continued.

We reached our cabin and as we walked up the couple of steps Anu slapped my ass with her hand, I turned around and I got hold of one of her nipples and gave it a gentle little tweak, she just laughed.

It was decided that we all had a shower before anything else, and as there was only room for two at a time T and Ott went in first, then Armas and katre, then Anu and myself. When we came out there was wine already poured out for us. None of us were in the shower for long as we knew that others were waiting.

None of us had any clothes on, but we all felt comfortable with that. There were two sofa's in the living space opposite one another, T was sitting in between Ott and Armas. Anu, Katre and myself sat on the other one. At first I sat one the end next to Anu, then katre suggested that i sat in the middle, so I did as I was bid, lol.

We sat drinking our wine and having a laugh for a while, then Anu and Katre started tp play with my cock. T then begun to play with Armas and ott's cocks, notice she had two to play with, lol.

Anu then knelt between my legs and started to suck my now stiff cock, she was running her lips over the tip and slowly down my shaft taking more and more in each time. She looked at Katre and said, your turn. Katre knelt down and Anu positioned me cock between Katres wet juicy lips. Katre slowly rubbed it over her lips at first, but slowly she opened them and took me in a little ata time, she was teasing me, but it felt sooooo nice.

By now Ott was between T's legs with her ass on the edge of the sofa, and he was licking her clitoris with some vigour. T had hold of Armas's stiff cock and she was enjoying herself as usual as her eyes were closed.

Katre was now taking me right down deep into her throat, then sliding it out to the tip and licking underneath the head of my cock, the sensation this gave me was pure heaven.

I then heard T say to Armas and Ott, fuck me. Ott got T over the arm of the sofa with her legs spread apart so that her head was over Armas's cock who was laying on the sofa, and Ott was now behind her sliding himself into her soaking wet vagina from behind.

T gave a big groan as she was sucking Armas's cock, then as Ott slid himself into her she gave an even bigger groan.

Katre then stood up in front of me and I begun to play with her clitoris, it felt so wet and juicy. I got my other hand in between Anu's legs and started to play with her in the same way. Katre threw her head bag in pleasure and said give me a good fucking now.

I sat Anu and Katre on the edge of the sofa side by side and opened their legs exposing both their swollen vaginas. Who was I going to enter first, I did not really care at this point, so it was Katre.

I moved between her legs and she opened them wider, then Anu got hold of my cock and placed it between katres wet vagina. I gently pushed myself into her, just a little at first, then pulled out again, then I pushed it in a little further this time just about halfway up my shaft, then I withdrew again. She lifted her ass trying to not let me go, then I very slowly pushed myself all the way in as far as I could and begun to give her what she wanted. I looked at her face and thought god this woman is so beautiful, and what a lovely body she had.

After about five minutes I slid myself out and moved across to Anu and got bewtween her legs. I had noticed when moving that Ott and Armas had now changed places, and T was now getting a good fucking from Armas, and T was giving Ott's cock a good seeing to with her mouth.

I was about to enter Anu when she suddenly got up and went to the end of the sofa, she said take me from behind. So she bent right over and spread her legs and I went behind her. Katre moved to the end of the sofa and slid her arm between Anu's legs and got hold of my cock, she then guided it into Anu's lovely wet pussy, Katre held onto me until it was about halway inside Anu. She then said, let me see you give her a good hard shagging.

So there we were, me giving Anu a real hard fucking with Katre watching between Anu's legs and saying you can do that to me in a minute. And T had her cunt and mouth full of cock, getting a good spit roast, as they say lol.

Anu was beggining to groan a little and move her ass with every stroke as I entered her, then she just expolded and her body gave a long lingering shudder. I knew that she had had an orgasm and I stayed there for another minute or so just sliding my cock gently and slowly in and out of Anu's soaking wet pussy.

Then I looked at Katre and she beckoned me to the other end of the sofa. She spread where her legs and stuck her ass in the air as high as she could and said fuck me hard.

By the time I had got to Katre. Ott was standing behind Anu with his hand in between her legs. Armas was still fucking T over the arm of the other sofa and enjoying themselves.

Anu then said to Katre, we are both going to a good fucking now. She likes it hard said Anu to me, she then half turned to Ott and said, give me your cock right inside me.

I put my hand between Katre's legs and felt her pussy. It was dripping wet and more than ready for a good shagging. I slid my cock onto her clitoris and then slowly pulled it toward her vagina, she put her hand between her legs and pulled her wet lips apart for me to enter, fuck me, she said.

A minute or so later I was inside her, Ott was inside Anu and Armas was inside T. I looked up and saw that we were all really enjoying fucking different partners.

Katre's ass was moving up and down as I entered her and withdrew, we were as one. It felt so good. I think Armas was the first to explode inside T, she gave such a long groan and an mmmmm.

I had hold of Katre's hips and was pulling her onto me as I entered her each time, her ass was now moving more that it ever was and I guessed that she was about to climax. I knew I could not hold it much longer so I decided to just let go. As I let go inside her Katre let go at the same time and we came at the same time.

I stayed there for a while and was just sliding myself in and out quite slowly when Katre pulled forward and it slid out, she then took me in her hand and looked at my cock and opened her mouth. She then began to lick and suck every part of my cock of all it's juices.

Anu and Ott were still at end of the sofa enjoying themselves. It was not until around three or four minutes later that Ott came inside Anu.

I sat back down on the sofa and T came and sat on my lap and gave me a kiss on the lips, all the juices insdie her were coming out and began to run between my legs, it kinda tickled lol.

Anyone like a coffee? asked Katre. We all said yes that would be nice.

Anu and Armas took a shower, when they came out T and I went in. After Katre had made the coffee Katre and Ott went in.

We agreed that it had been a very enjoyable evening. Anu said that she was getting tired, and T said she felt fucked! to which we all had a good laugh.

We drank our coffee and we asked them all over for breakfast on the Sunday morning at about 11.00am.

Both T and I as was Anu and Armas looking forward to spending the ramainder of the Sunday together as Katre and Ott were supposed to be leaving at about mid day...They did NOT, lol.

There is more to come for the Sunday, with so much pissing I thought that I was going to drown in the stuff, lol.

