Bette, Jack and me!

28th February 2009, 11:30 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

A friend (Jack) I had not seen for almost five years came to visit one day. He had not seen my new partner (Bette) before as I had been married to someone else when he last saw me.

Over a period of a couple of months Jack visited a few times. All three of us would either go out and play darts at our local, or just play cards in the living room.

I noticed that Jack would look at Bette's ass a few times during the evening when we were playing darts and I knew that he liked what he saw. I told Bette and she said that she was aware of him looking at her.

One night Bette was pissing in my mouth in the wet room and she said that she would like to piss all over Jack and that she would like to get his cock out and drink his piss also, then have him drink her piss. I asked her if she would like to fuck him as well, she said, what do you think! I was not too surprised really as I knew that she liked him. I also said that he may not be into the pissing thing.

I had already had some good pissing and sex sessions with Bette and her sister together a few times (see posting: In the Beginning - 24th Feb 2009) and thought it only fair that she should have some fun with another cock if she wanted to. But how was we going to let him know what she wanted (a woman has her ways believe me). She said, I'll make sure he knows.

During the next few weeks when he came round Bette always put on a mini skirt.

If we stayed home she would always sit opposite him on a low seat, or on the floor. If she sat on the floor she would cross her legs and make sure that he could see up her skirt and see her Panties.

We returned home early one evening all three of us after an afternoon out, Bette suggested that we have a drink and play cards. So we did.

She sat opposite him on the floor, and after about half an hour she had her knees up quite high. She was wearing a very short skirt and my friend and I could both see her slightly wet Pink Panties . She had obviously let a few dribbles of piss out to make her Panties a little wet for us to see.

I made a comment to her that her knickers were a little wet and she said that she wanted to piss. My friend laughed and said, it looks as though you have already done it in your knickers. She said oh no I haven't, come closer and lay in front of me both of you!

I had drank Bette's piss many times before, so I knew what was coming, but my friend Jack had no idea what was coming his way.

We both lay on the floor in front of her and she slightly turned herself so that he was directly in front of her. She slid her ass forward toward him so that she was only about two feet away, making sure that he had a good view and in the line of fire.

She then opened her legs wide with her knees up and she began to piss gently at first on the floor through her Panties, then she pulled her Panties to one side and let it all go, she pissed as hard as she could.

The gushing piss went all over him, but Jack did not move. He just kept on looking at the golden rain and her soaking wet pussy. He started to put his hand forward in the flow of her piss and started to touch her clitoris. All the time she was looking at my friend. He was captivated and surprised at what he was seeing. Bette was really enjoying this moment.

When she had finished my friend was soaked as was I. Bette's skirt was also wet through, so she started to take her clothes off and asked Jack to slip her Panties down. She suggested that we also took our clothes off so she could put them in the washing machine. We got undressed and she was looking at our stiff cocks whilst she was gathering up our clothes and cleaning up with them.

We were there naked, all three of us, it felt so good knowing that Jack had an erection because he wanted to fuck her. She then went and put our clothes in the washing machine and came back with some coffee for us. She said that as he had to wait for his clothes to dry, he would have to stay the night.

We sat drinking coffee and she once again sat with her legs open in front of us. Jack's eyes kept looking at Bette's lovely breasts and her soft Minge. This was a big turn on for me.

He then asked us where he would sleep. Bette said, I want to fuck both of your stiff cocks, so you can sleep with us if you would like to. He looked at me and I just said, would you like to fuck her? He said yes if it is OK with you.

We drank our coffee and she said, come with me both of you. She led us to the wet room and laid on the floor, we were all still naked, she said now it is your turn to piss over me.

Jack was a bit dubious at first but as soon as I started pissing in her mouth he started to let his piss go as well. She drank the piss from both our cocks, she had both our cocks resting on her lips and we were pissing all over her face and in her mouth. She could not swallow all of it, but she swallowed quite a lot and then she sucked our cocks dry, she sucked every last drop from both of us.

We all had a nice hot shower together, Jack and I washed her all over, and she washed our cocks for us. I let him dry her with a towel, she dried him and all the time they could not keep their hands off of one another. I dried myself and just watched her enjoying herself.

We all got into bed with Bette in the middle. Jack told her to open her legs as he wanted to lick her pussy, so she opened them wide and he went down the bed and gave her Minge and Clitoris a really long licking and she came a few of times.

I had my cock in her mouth and could see all what was going on, she was really enjoying it. So was I. Just watching Jack licking her Minge and her Clitoris, we were all really turned on and enjoying this experience.

Bette said, fuck me, fuck me now Jack, I want your stiff cock inside me. So he stopped what he was doing and she got on top of him. She put his stiff cock inside her and they fucked each other for ages. I was taking pictures of this and it was good to watch and capture it all.

She then turned on her knees and said to me, fuck me from behind and I can suck Jack's cock while you are fucking me.

I slid my cock into her wet Minge and it was full of Jack's spunk, it felt nice and warm. So there I was fucking her from behind as she was sucking his cock. The sloppy seconds felt good, it was really wet and warm inside her Vagina.

She made him cum again in her mouth whilst I was giving her a good fucking.

We laid there for a while just talking and laughing until we all drifted of to sleep.

The next morning I was the first one awake so I got up and made some coffee. I sat in the kitchen for about ten minutes and then I heard Bette call my name. I went into the bedroom and Bette and Jack were awake laying there next to one another. Bette said Jack wants to ask you something. He asked me if he could have sex with Bette again. I smiled and said, you can fuck her if she wants you to, anytime you want.

I went back in the kitchen to finish my coffee and then I went back and joined them. I don't think that either one of them noticed me get back into bed with them as they were so engrossed in what they were doing &#61514;.

Bette was really being fucked hard, her eyes were closed and they were really into fucking one another.

I just laid there enjoying myself watching them. My cock was really hard and I started to Wank while watching them. When I was about to cum I put my cock in Bette's mouth while she was still fucking Jack and she swallowed every last drop.

After about half an hour we all got out of bed and had another shower, separately this time though.

While Jack was in the shower I asked Bette if she had enjoyed herself. Her reply was, thank you for sharing me and letting me fuck him. I always wanted to fuck two stiff cocks. She gave me such a passionate kiss that lasted for ages.

When Bette was in the shower I also asked Jack if he enjoyed giving Bette a good fucking. He said I hope you don't mind me saying this but, Bette is the best shag I have ever had, she is really good at sucking cock as well. I asked him if he enjoyed having Bette piss all over him and in his mouth, he said that he had never tried it before, but he really liked drinking her piss, and would I let him and Bette have sex again? I said yes if you both want to. Why shouldn't I as I also enjoyed the experience greatly, and it was what she had wanted.

However, was this day overerr no. We had to wait for Jacks clothes to dry properly and I knew that we would all want to have another pissing and sex session later during the morning. But were we all in for a nice surprise..

I shall post what happened later that day in another posting later. All I shall say is that it turned into one of the best days of pissing and sex that Bette and I ever had.

