Janet's Magic Punch [fiction]

21st December 2011, 12:37 AM

Author: extrathirsty

Location: Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 51

"Janet, I assume you're making your magic punch again?" She had almost forgotten about the punch from last year, but the thought of it instantly made her blush a deep red. "Well, don't be shy. It was certainly a hit last year." Some of her coworkers laughed and traded knowing smirks. Of course, they didn't know the whole story.

It was lonely being the queen of the office. Janet could be intimidating. She was over six feet in heels, and remarkably toned. Her high cheekbones and sharp features made her an unusually attractive 42 year old. Men her age were either married or terrified, so she made sport of cornering the interns. But it had been eight months since Janet's last serious fling, and dry spells always brought out her inner fetishist.

A year prior, she had been tasked with making punch for the holiday party. As it happens, her last intern loved being spanked and drinking her piss, which had given her an unexpected thrill. He was long gone, but she would still finger herself to the thought of it. And as she was filling the ice cube trays for her punch, she had both a sudden urge to pee, and an impulsive thought. She lined up the trays on her kitchen floor, yanked her jeans down, hovered over them, and waited. Somehow she couldn't go. After a few minutes, she started rubbing her clit furiously in frustration, finishing in 30 seconds. Relaxed at last, Janet spread her hairy pussy and filled the trays with clear piss.

She had been pretty drunk when she filled up six ice cube trays with her recycled martinis, but by the next evening she was just horny when she added them to the punch. After climaxing, she almost couldn't bring herself to take it to the office, but at the party, watching her piss cubes clink around in glasses, she found herself perfectly high on the thrill. When an enemy pressed her frozen piss to his lips, she relished the defilement, but when a handsome married man named Ted chewed the ice, her knees shook at the thought of him savoring anything from her pussy.

"Of course, I'll bring the punch," Janet finally replied, still blushing. "Maybe not so strong this time," she added wryly, to some laughs. In fact, nothing could be further from the truth. Looking across at Ted smiling back at her, she felt the uncontrollable urge to put something filthy in his mouth. That night she went shopping, picking up all the necessary ingredients for a marathon session of punch making the next day.

In the morning, she had her morning pee, which was quite yellow. From under her bed, she pulled out the enormous Rubbermaid storage container that held some books and financial documents. She emptied it, and dragged it to the living room. After having an egg white omelette, she poured herself a huge glass of orange juice and another of water. Wearing just old thin T-shirt, she sat in the container, and leaned her back against the sofa. She grabbed the remote and settled in.

Janet was not the sweatpants type, so the idea of spending the day watching TV and eating junk food almost seemed perverse on its own. But a half hour later, when the orange juice and water started pressing at her bladder, with her bare ass in a plastic bin and her legs spilling out, she remembered what perversion was. She concentrated on relaxing. After a few commercials, a light yellow stream of piss arced from her unkempt pussy into the air and rained back down on her torso. Startled, she laughed. A little pee now pooled in the bin.

She realized she'd need to start drinking a lot more. She shook herself off and fetched a 2-liter bottle of Diet Coke and some ice cream from the kitchen. She opened the Diet Coke and chugged it from the bottle. After one episode of a reality show marathon, she felt the urge again. This time, she stood up and squatted her lean frame over the bin. She pushed hard, and was rewarded with a loud splattery stream that reverberated in the bin. She pushed again.

Janet's wetness trailed off her pussy as she slowly lowered her ass into the shallow pool of piss. She felt the pee touch the back of her thighs, and decided it was a nice feeling. She pulled her legs into the bin, and felt the wetness against her feet. Suddenly, she remembered the reason for the Diet Coke. Her intern said it made her pee sweet, and she hoped to take advantage of this. But first, she had to try it.

Janet held an empty glass against her mound. She pushed, but the only thing that came out was excited lubrication. It swirled in the bottom of the glass as she tried to produce some pee. An excruciating ten minutes later, she squirted a tiny piss into the glass, and immediately poured it into her mouth. She swirled it around, analyzing it. It was very slightly salty, but indeed quite sweet, and actually very palatable. She swallowed the mouthful.

Encouraged, Janet alternated Diet Coke and snacks, and became engrossed in the reality show. Now when the slightest urge came, she just let go without thinking, spraying sweet pee on her legs, her feet, the bin. Janet just pissed and pissed, and after a while, her toes were pruned from the soaking. As she picked up her foot to examine it, she felt a wave of urine gently slap up against her pussy. The sensation startled her, as did the growing water level in the bin. She stood up in the bin and shook the piss off her ass and her feet, one at a time.

Finally out of Diet Coke, she pulled the 6-pack of Corona Light and the bag of cherries out of the fridge. Opening a beer, she noticed her ass was a bit sore from sitting on hard plastic all day, and decided to find something to sit on. Janet went to her full laundry hamper to find something she could part with, and caught sight of some worn panties

. A filthy thought flashed through her mind, and she started pulling all her clothes out of the bin.

A short while later, she had a large pile of fragrant underwear. There were too many, so she sorted through and found the good ones, and found a large mixing bowl to contain them. Finishing her beer and feeling her belly bulge, Janet hovered her ass over the bowl and looked down at their off-white patches and faint streaks. Then she sprayed piss so hard that she passed gas. As her clear piss foamed up on the pile of panties, its moisture unlocked their secret aroma. She exercised and was naturally well lubricated, which made for soaked panties daily, but now they were completely swimming in her juice. Janet opened another beer.

She poured the pool of piss and panties from the bowl into the bin, and then pushed the panties back together to form a pile. Then Janet opened the bag of cherries and poured them into the bin. She couldn't resist smiling when she stepped in and started squashing the cherries with her feet. But as she sat down on the wet pile of panties

, she felt the press of a cherry against her ass. She took another drag of her beer and slipped two fingers into her pussy. Janet closed her eyes and concentrated on the feel of her ass resting on the wet panties

, the piss covering her toes, the splashing on her legs, and the cherry atop the panty pile, gently pressing against her asshole.

She pushed deep and probed herself, pressing her g-spot. She pulled, and pulled, and then pulled more. Her legs tightened, and she put down her beer to rub her clit. Clear lubrication streamed deliberately out of her, and a string of heavier white goo clung to the back of her hand. As the TV blared on, she pulled out her fingers and ejaculated harder than she ever had, spraying the wall of the bin and splashing back in her face. But she hadn't come yet, and she lifted her butt high into the air, letting piss drip down her back as she rubbed her clit viciously. The cherry was still pressing, having been wedged into place. As she pushed her pelvis forward and kept rubbing, her ass cheeks came together to force the cherry up her ass, causing her to come so violently that she tightened in place.

After a solid minute of quivering and pulsing, she dropped her ass back into the bin, splashing piss onto her firm breasts and stomach. Her T-shirt was now half-soaked. Feeling the press again, she pissed out a leisurely stream, and used it to rinse her hands. She opened a third beer and drank it while watching the end of the reality marathon.

Looking at the time, Janet realized she needed to start getting everything ready, so she stood up and shook her ass and feet off one last time. She carefully lifted the bin from one side and poured the contents into the large mixing bowl, nearly filling it. Cherries floated to the top as she wrung out her panties into the bowl. She dipped a spoon into it. It was mostly tasteless, but had a funky sweetness that would work. After adding a few packets of Kool-Aid, half a bottle of gin and a few sprigs of mint, it was undeniably delicious.

Janet took off the wet T-shirt and changed. She always dressed professionally for a company party, and this was no exception. In a gray pencil skirt, black heels and her hair up, it could have been Monday in the 1950s. She grabbed the bowl of punch and left.

Driving to the office, Janet realized she still had to pee. That last beer was ready to be released, but traffic was making her commute agonizing. When she finally pulled in to her parking space, she thought she was going to explode. Janet speed walked to the elevator, and as the doors closed, she hiked up her skirt, pulled down her nylons, and tore the cover off the punch. As she awkwardly straddled the bowl in her heels, she held her perpetually wet labia apart and directed a powerful stream onto the finished punch. Watching the cherries and ice cubes bob and her stream grow in strength, she pulled the elevator stop.

When her foaming piss had finally subsided, she sat down in the elevator and began rubbing her clit. Her hand brushed something strange, like a twig. She looked down at herself, and saw the stem of a cherry emerging from her asshole. She rubbed her clit as she pulled at it, but the stem broke from the cherry. Rubbing ever harder, she pushed the cherry out, into her hand. She saw it was not soiled, so she brought it to her nose and inhaled deeply. Exhaling, Janet pushed the cherry into her mouth and chewed. The sweetness of the cherry and the sheer perversity of it in her mouth pushed her into catastrophic orgasm that rocked her head against the elevator wall. As she chewed the cherry and rolled it around in her mouth, her pussy clenched and fought through wave after wave of brutal climax.

Exhausted, she pulled tissues out of her bag and mopped herself up. She rolled on to her hands, on all fours in her tight pencil skirt. Bending down, ass in the air, she tasted the punch one last time. It was delicious. Absolutely no one would be the wiser. She stood up and reached for the elevator stop, hesitating. Could she really go through with it? She was about to do something so insidious that even she was shocked. She pressed the Lobby button in retreat, but it was too late. The elevator doors opened to the 22nd floor, and Ted spotted her. "Oh, thank God the punch is here," he said, and her under her panties

, her pussy involuntarily bloomed open again.

"This is so wrong," she thought, but it only stoked her fire. "I'm an evil person But I can't stop it. Tonight, these boys are getting drunk on something I sprayed out of my pussy and strained through the filthiest of my dirty panties

