Like Mother Like Daughter, Chap 4

1st August 2007, 05:02 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Like Mother Like Daughter Chap 4

It had been a couple of days since Michelle wet her panties at the store and every time I had a flashback of the event, the front of my pants started forming a tent. I'm afraid that everything she did just drew my attention further away from her daughter. Maybe that was a good thing, since Lindsey started doing more and more to please me including a special little tease she used when returning from an outing with her girlfriends. I was just amazed at how much attention both women required. I have to tell you, because of the ways they found to keep me excited, I never tired of their games.

Saturday morning aunt Karen suggested that I go over to Michelle's and see what she needed for the little party they were planning that evening. Michelle asked me to come into her backyard, near the pool. She was sitting in her lounge chair, her high-heeled sandals crossed at the ankles, while sipping an iced tea. We both started going over party preparations, but I had a difficult time tearing my eyes away from her sexy curves. A white blouse covered her beautiful bra-less breasts while a very brief pair of pink short shorts stretched over her butt and puss like a glove. The double crotch band of her high cut control panties, as usual, was quite obvious through her shorts, the seams showing through both front and rear. As we sat she tried to apologize for wetting in her pants in front me the other day and hoped that I hadn't told Lindsey about it.

I listened and then almost told her the truth, saying that I thought it was «way cool» and «don't women do that sometimes?» I went further and told her about a girl I knew in high school that sometimes wet her panties. I said it would be our «little secret» and anyway aunt Karen had warned me «that you sometimes pee in your pants.» I ended by saying it was perfectly ok for her to «just do it» in front of me anytime she wished.

Michelle sat for a second and then stood, reaching for her cell phone, saying it really relaxed her when I was around and it was almost like having a little brother for support. She also said that she liked the idea of me seeing her daughter and not to let anything she did distract me. I laughed, saying. «that it would be hard», but I would try.

The call on her cell phone left her excited and almost giddy. It was her friend Gale and Gale's best friend Kristen arriving early for the party from an afternoon of shopping. Giggling, she covered the phone saying, «They are only a block away and will be here in a minute. Johnny, you will love them.

The girls parked in the drive and immediately came into the pool area, each with an armload of groceries. Gale was a really pretty brunette and looked a lot like the actress, Rachel Weisz from the movie The Mummy, only taller. Michelle had tried to prepare me, but I was still taken by her natural beauty, particularly her long legs, incased in a tight knee length skirt, reaching to a pair of open toed, high heels. Kristen on the other hand reminded me of Christy from Threes Company. She was a blonde, dressed in a similar skirt that fit like a glove and walked past us towards the house with a change of cloths, saying she was going to change into her bikini, but mostly really needed a potty. Gale quickly said she would go with her, but Kristen looked back saying, «I thought you peed at the mall».

Gale, laughing, could only reply, «Uh huh, I did didn't I, well I'll wait out here then. Michelle, honey, would you mind if I poured myself an ice tea, I'm so thirsty».

I watched as Gale wiggled her butt over to the outdoor bar with me never removing my eyes from the large, teardrop shaped stain centered on the rear of her pale blue skirt. The wetness seamed to be a couple of hours old and nearly reached the hem. Kristen obviously meant that she'd peed in her skirt at the mall. I thought again about what Michelle had said about Gale the other day. This very, attractive women, obviously wasn't too bothered with wetting herself and acted as though it was just convenient to do it. I was curious about her under wear. I hoped I wouldn't have to wait long to find out what was under that skirt.

Gale returned with her ice tea and sat rocking her crossed-legs in the chair next to us. She started asking about our plans for the evening, saying that she hoped we were still having a pool party because she had worn her swimsuit under her skirt. Michelle suggested that since Kristen was changing, she may as well too, that way we could enjoy the afternoon around the pool. Go ahead, slip out of your skirt right here. I'm sure Johnny won't mind. I looked at Michelle, who just winked when we made eye contact.

I tried very hard not to be distracted as Gale stood next to her chair and slipped her skirt down over her hips. What came into view caused my heart to skip a beat. She really was wearing her one-piece swimsuit. It was cut high on the sides, was very sexy and nearly matched the color of her skirt. She was also wearing stay up stockings and when she stood next to her chair in her heels after dropping her skirt appeared almost like a goddess standing in front of me.

She noticed I was staring, «It has been a long day and I'm afraid I peed.

Michelle giggled at her remark, commenting, «Is that what you did while you were shopping?»

«Yes, she did and you should have seen her carry it off as if it was nothing while walking through the mall». Kristen was coming out to join us and must have overheard our conversation. She looked darling in a red bikini, tied on the sides that nicely covered her rounded butt. «Gale your butt is all wet?»

Gale bent slightly looking at the drying wetness circling her crotch. «No one can really tell can they? Oh well, I'm sure It'll dry in a while.»

We all smiled at her comment realizing that when her swimsuit did dry that it would be obvious to anyone noticing that she had peed in it. Not many swimsuits would be harder to conceal a wetting than what Gale was wearing. It hugged her curves accentuating her pussy and made her ever more inviting. She stripped off her stained stockings after removing her heels and folded her things. Then she was walked over, placing them on the bar and pouring herself a glass of wine. The wetness covering her ass was quite obvious and had wicked halfway up her bottom crack. She had brought a wide brim sun hat and sunglasses that she put on before slipping back into her heels.

The four of us settled in with our beverages. I listened and watched as the three ladies got into their 'girl talk', while I concentrated on the stain surrounding Gales pussy. Each time Gale stood to walk over to the bar and refresh a drink she would reach behind her and use her fingers to pull the seat of her suit back over her butt. That damp semi-circle of wetness was just so sexy. As it gradually dried, an obvious yellow tinge marked the high water mark of her pee.

A couple of hours later we had all switched to wine with its inebriating benefits. Things began getting interesting. By then aunt Karen had joined us in a sexy pair of quite brief, jean short shorts with rolled cuffs. Michelle had begun fidgeting in her chair, laughing at some of her friend's remarks when I suddenly saw her right hand dive under the seat of her pink shorts as if feeling for something. Her hand lingered for a second before returning to her lap and cupping her pussy. She glanced at her crotch while crossing her legs, all the while continuing to giggle at various comments. Within seconds an audible dripping sound came from under her chair. She was starting to pee. I'd wondered if sooner rather than later she would wet her pants and was glad I was observant enough to catch the entire event. Now it was Michelle's turn, I winked after she made her curious little girl glance in my direction. The dribbling continued.

«It looks as though the party has started without us.» It was Lindsey, back home with a couple of her hottie girlfriends. By their looks. I'd say they were seriously interested in partying. As they plopped themselves into chairs around us I caught a peek between Lindsey's legs at her pink cotton panties. As I'd half expected, they were wet as well as yellow stained. «Mom everyone is starting to arrive».

This pool party was going to be a lot of fun.

