Worthwhile Backyard Sleep Over Part 4

19th July 2009, 12:15 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

When Barbie H and I went inside to have breakfast her brother Butch was already sitting at the table having his breakfast. Butch was in his practice uniform and pads. He was on the schools football team. So he had practice this morning and this afternoon. Barbie and I joined him at the table and she and I started eating and we all talked about last night and of course Barbie S taking a piss in front of all of us! Then we turned the topic to football.

Butch hurried through his breakfast for he didn't want to be late for practice. While we ate John came downstairs who was the youngest brother he sat down with us and he ate real fast. He like Butch John also had football practice but he was on the junior varsity team not the varisity team. They left together before Barbie and I finished our breakfast.

She and I went on eating and we finished. We cleaned up the mess that her two brothers left and that took us about a half hour. After the cleanup in the kitchen was done Barbie told me she wanted to change into a new pair of jeans she had just gotten this past week. She invited me to come along with her upstairs. I smiled and followed right behind her and we both went upstairs together.

Now Barbie shared a room with her sistor Marggie but she also had her own area in Johns and Butches bedroom. The oldest brother John had his own room but Tom was away for the summer. So Butch was using Toms room for now. The area that Barbie had in the Johns and Butches room she had her dresser, a desk and chair, and a old couch that she and her brothers used to sit on. All this was over in the front corner of her brothers large bedroom.

I sat down on the old couch. Barbie went over to her dresser and got out her new jeans. She then tossed them on the couch next to me. She faced me and she took off the multi colored jumper that she had on leaving the white top on. That she didn't take off. Barbie stood there almost half naked now in front of me! The white top did go down below her waist but didn't cover over her vagina or her cute ass!

Now with Barbie standing half naked in front of me of course my natural reactions took over. I started getting a hardon inside of my jeans and Barbie knew it and she was looking right at my crotch of my jeans watching the buldge in them form and move as my cock was sliding upward as it hardened and got erect! She stood there waiting and watching untill my cock was fully erect before she did anything more.

Then she reached down and got out from her jumper that layed crumpled up on the floor her white pair of panties out of the pocket in the jumper that she had put her panties in when she had taken them off before she had pissed upstairs in the barn earlier. She tossed them on the couch with her jeans.

Then she told me she was going to piss before she got dressed! She stepped over to her desk and squated down and opened the side cabinet in the desk and pulled out a quart sized mayonese jar! She stood up unscrewing the lid off the jar and placed it on top of her desk. She turned around and as she turned facing me Barbie told me that Jeannie and her had started something new. We have been pissing in jars or glasses when we are together over here or over at her house! So I'm going piss into the jar! Barbie said to me.

Barbie came right over to me and she handed me the empty jar. She then kneeled on the couch straddling my legs and she took the jar and held in in one hand while she supported herself with her other hand on the top back part of the couch. She placed the jar just under her pussy and she tilted it slightly. She smiled at me and then she looked down waiting for her piss to start flowing.

Barbie started to piss. Without dribbling like she did out in the barn she shot a hard stream of piss out from her pussy right into the jar! Her stream had a wide head and it did twist but the twist in her stream was cut off from the glass of the jar. It was hissing also and the jar made the hiss sound kind of different too. There was just a hint of yellow in her piss also.

When the jars bottom had filled now her piss made a splash sound. Barbie then at this point moved the jar away from underneath her pussy and moved it down to the front of my jeans making the jars bottom make contact right where my erect cocks shaft had made the buldge in them! Even through the glass of the jar and my jeans I could feel the warmth of her piss! I told Barbie that I could feel its warmth. Barbie let out a little giggle and told me she thought I would. That's why I did it!

Barbie went on with her piss which she did untill the jar was about half filled. Then she had her stream ease right up which she put the jar back under her pussy when it did start easing up. Her stream stopped and paused. Then she did three spurts and held it there under her ppussy after the three spurts for she did drip some after her spurts. When she did stop dripping she slid back off from the couch carefully.

She went over to where there was a large potted plant in the corner of her area and she poured her fresh piss into the plants big plot. After dumping herpiss out she turned around and asked me if I needed to piss. I told her that I could. That made her smile with a real big smile. Will you go in the jar? she asked me. Well I could but its not going to be that easy for me now I said back to Barbie.

Barbie giggled but she said to me; Lets try it anyway! I have a idea she said to me next. Pull your jeans down like you did out in the barn Barbie said to me next. So I stood up getting off from the old couch. I quickly popped my snap,pulled my zipper down an shoved my jeans down to my knees. Barbie giggled hard as for my fully erect cok was in view now and she stared right at!

My erect cock was pointinmg straight up which was going to make it hard for me to piss into the jar. At least that was what I was thinking at this time. Barbie then took the jar and moved it so that she had placed my cock inisde the jar partway and she moved the jar down hoding the jar with both of her hands which pressed on my cocks shaft pushing it down. Barbie ushed untill my cock was pointe down but not at to sharp of a angle but enough so that when I pissed I wouldn't fill the jar real fast with my piss.

Being erect I had to push to ger started. I gave a push which only resulted in sending a short hard spurt of piss into the jar. Barbie giggled and told me to try gain. I gave a second push which again only resulted in making another spurt of piss shoot out from my cock into the jar. I gave another spurt and this time I kept going making a thin hard stream of piss shoot into the jar which started to fill the jar. It took severla seconds for enough of my piss to fill across the tilted botom of the jar and it then started to splash.

Barbie was holding the jar with both of her hands cupped around the sides of the jar near the botom. As soon as my piss started filling the jar and it reached where her fingers were on the jar she told me she could feel the warmth of my piss on her hands! She began to giggle as the jar filled more and now that she was feeling the warmth of my piss as the jar continuied to fill.

With the jar being held tilted my piss rose which the change in the jars angle my piss leveled out some making it drop its level on the one side of the jar. In a very short time one other thing happened. I had pissed enough so that the level of my piss in the jar filled it enough so that my piss was now up over my cocks tip and had reached my cocks head ring. I was no longer making my piss splash but swirl around in the jar instead. Feeling the wamth of my own piss and its swirling around that was a strange feeling!

Babie seeing that my cocks head was now covered with my own piss and my piss now was wirling around in the jar giggled again. She went on and held the jar the way she had it untill just before I did end my piss. That is when she pulled it back making my cock come out of my piss in the jar. I did several spurts and she waited for any drips of piss after my spurts and also if there was any drips of piss from my cock being in my own piss. I did have some drops drip off from my cock and when the dripping stopped she moved the jar slipping it off from my cock which once the jar was removed my cock bounced right up into full attention position! Barbie giggled hard and she went over to the potted plant and dumped my piss out in the potted plant also.

She placed the jar on her desk and she then put on her jeans without putting on her panties

. She modeled them for me by slowly spinning arond standing in front of me. I said nce first as she faced me and as her ass came around which her jeans showed off very well I said very nice! Barbie giggled when I said very nice. She thanked me and she went and picked up the empty jar from her desk and we went downstairs and she rinsed it out.

