The Piddling Pool

15th August 2010, 11:45 AM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

This one's the product of an over-active imagination and some of that wishful thinking that you get when it's been a while since much happened... ;-)

A late summer afternoon - the close is quieter now; most of the bbq families have retired indoors to drink and, apart from the odd dog walker, nobody wandering around. Although the sun was starting to set, to sink just a touch; at this time of year it likes to go out in a blaze of glory, so teh heat was as intense now as it had been over lunch and after, while we were drinking to stay hydrated. Hot and quiet: It's the time we had been planning for.

Imaging a row of detached single story houses, separated by driveways and garages. At the front of each, some 60ft by 60ft, an area of lawn, with the driveway marking each border. 16 homes in a circle, 15 occupied by retired couples, then there was us! We bought the place because of the peace on offer. Our front garden has flowers at the border, nothing spectacular and nothing too tall either. My partner, Jen, likes to water the flowers in the cool of the evening, and when the can is empty, she dares then to stand over the ones which still need a drink and pee on them. Just stands there; short skirt, no panties and lets it out. So far, none of the neighbours have complained - perhaps the guys have noticed but dare not say a word for fear of losing out on the show!

We are totally sexually compatible, me and Jen - both love trying anything on the shelf; love watersports. But we like slightly different things, you see. She's the voyeuristic one - sometimes when she's out there pissing on rose bushes, I know that she's just a single touch away from cumming! Just knowing that someone may see is turning her on so much! For me; I get turned on when I am watching her and I know she's busting to go. She pees when she needs to; so I have to imagine a little of the desperation - but that's my kink. I love knowing that she's desperate to pee. Jen also loves to feel my pee on and in her. She's a real water baby and likes me to be good and full when we have a full on session, so that she gets a proper shower. Until today; we had never actually crossed over each other's territory. And to our shame, had never properly swapped notes either.

So that Sunday afternoon, after several long, cool ones, we got to talking. Sat there, at our picnic table, both dressed in as little as was decent; she in a one-piece swimsuit, me in swim shorts. I was about to go inside for a much needed pee, and said so. This is how things went from there.

"You should do what I do and water the flowers darling". " all very well, Jen, but you get to just stand there and gravity does the rest. I have to point and pee - not so easy to be discrete!" I looked at her and, from the way her gorgeous, generous breasts were heaving I sensed that the conversation was to be hers to drive! She took her glass, drained it, dunked it in the punch bowl, filled it, drained it again. About two thirds of a litre went into her system in about 20 seconds. "Well, in this cossie, I can hardly just wander over to the roses, admire them, then water them either hon! And, believe me, when that little lot hits me I will be at my limit. You know what happens when my bladder gets over-full. I pee. No matter where or who with. There's no restraining it - once I get to THAT point, I leak."

"You have something in mind, I take it? Do tell - " She did.

Our paddling pool -not a proper pool, we couldn't run to one of those; but this was some 10 ft diameter, and when full, maybe 4ft deep. Inflatable, totally rigid when inflated and the water went in through a valve which linked to the hosepipe. Jen got up, crouched briefly as her bladder complained, then wandered over to where the hose reel lived. She dragged it over to the pool, attached it, then went back to where it was attached to the house, placed her hand on the tap, patted it then returned to stand in front of me. Al for the benefit of the crusties indoors. Tap on, pool filling

"You love it when I am close to wetting myself. I love it when you burst and piss in me. I must admit, when I am holding your cock, you are hard and I can FEEL the pee rising, but make you wait; I get turned on. We have a new game Hawk. You want to pee? OK, I want you to pee on me. But I want you to wait until I am ready to take it. For you - oh, I promise to wait because when I HAVE to go, I'll be able to relax and let rip for you. And the best part? Neither of us will know whether we an be seen or not. We'll be in the pool!"

My face must have been a picture. We took our glasses, filled again, and moved just those few feet to the pool. I had to concentrate hard even then to avoid grabbing my cock! My bladder wanted relief and we hadn't really started yet. "A sort of fetish exchange then? You make me wait; I am not used to it Jen - I'll piss myself unless you keep my cock hard like we do in bed - and having the net curtain brigade around. Ooh, hard to stay hard when I don't know whether the pensioners are staring at me!

"Part of the game Hawk. I am going to hold until I wet - so are you; but we'll give the close a little show at the same time. In you get.

I got in. Sat down and, with my head back on the side of the pool, looked around. Then relaxed a little. I was pretty certain that, facing the road, all that might be seen was the back of my head. "Other side babe. Face the front door" Not so relaxed!

Jen got in too, and immediately, she crouched grabbed herself and swore! "Fuck, god I nearly leaked" She knelt there, regained her control, then sat over me. Astride me, to everyone in the close, it would be obvious that she was sitting there and we would be indulging! (Being some 35 years younger than everyone else in the close got me some ribbing from the guys, whose wives had long since decided that sex was a young persons thing! "So, you indulge quite frequently at your age, I suppose" or some such thing) We indulged right there.

Jen kissed me. Then she sat back and started to rub the front of my shorts. I looked at her - those heaving breasts; gorgeous breasts (hidden now) but I knew - nipples erect and visibly so in that costume; there was just a slight breeze too, so maybe they were responding to that. I fixed my gaze on her pussy. And, as was the norm for me, I found myself wondering what that material would be like if - or when today - it was confronted with a trickle, a leak, a flood! Jen could hold a massive amount. Her garden watering could include several stops, hand on hips as more pee cascaded on to the borders. Control too. That was, personally, one slight drawback. She could generally hold for hours; but when the need was urgent and her bladder said"NOW"! She would have to go.

Rubbing me got me hard - an insurance against a leak for now. I watched her as her desperation became more intense. She moved closer and then stopped rubbing. Her pussy ground into me - my cock responded, but boy! Did that make me need to pee.

"Jen jeez! Oh, fuck, that's pushing the pee right out." My cock was ramrod straight, poking up at the waistband of the shorts. "Sorry, but I have to hold my own pee - and you know I don't like to use fingers to do it" (Another strange habit - muscles and willpower alone would keep the pee where SHE wanted it to be - but she was an artist with her own body when we were in be and pee wasn't a part of proceedings!)

Her cunt continued to press against my cock - but I was seriously going to wet myself if it continued; no matter how horny it made me feel. And I wanted to see her leak! "Jen, I am going to piss myself. You wanted it on you! This way up, I'll soak myself...

She grabbed my shoulders, kissed me hard, bit her lip, "Bastard" and sat back. I looked again at her crotch - maybe a hint of a tiny wet spot... "Jen, have you leaked some?"

"Hawk, I want you in me. I want you fucking me, I am wet from needing your cock to flood me. So what shall we do about it?? "I want that material soaked with YOUR pee, not mine Jen." Her response was to take hold of my cock again, and with the other hand she tugged at my shorts. "Off" she commanded. "Take them off. Fuck me mister! I want that thing inside me - I'll be able to wait longer if you are inside me"

I lifted slightly, and the shorts came down. Fresh air, al-fresco fucking; something new! She pulled the costume to one side; "You'll get your wish babe, just fuck me. Make me cum! Cum with me..." She moved quickly, my tip found heat and a welcoming wetness; the odour of pure sex filled the air; drove both of us uncaring, rapidly to orgasm. I felt her juices on my thighs and, soon after, felt my own cum too - she rose a little and, with my cock still inside of her, just savoured the moment. "So, was it the outdoors, the neighbours, the moment? What made you cum so fast??"

"You. Pure and simple. You wanted it, the moment, the smell and taste." She moved a little further away, straightened her costume and took my cock again; still semi hard (her bladder was keeping me that way) Her fingers rubbed our emissions into the tip of me- she pressed against my tip, as if trying to hold my pee. Her hips and thigh muscles started to quiver and her voice did too. "So, I don't get to have my deluge until you have seen me piss myself, is that it?"

"Yup. But I want you to bring me off - my turn to dictate a little here; Bring me off as you lose control - and, darling, I am going to need maybe 10 minutes to recharge, before you can do that - so can you wait a little more?"

"Maybe - if I was standing, legs crossed, not squeezing things so much" I moved my hand between her legs. "Let me" I pressed hard against her pussy; feeling, thorugh the material, through the heat and wetness, for the point from which her pee would escape. "Oh, there. Hold me there. Press harder Hawk - just stay still, hold it. "Touch me Jen. You want to pee so bad, I can see everything in you trying to hold it. Make me hard, get me close, I'll tell you when to pee. "Just touch my clit! You touch me, press me, I'll wet myself. Hawk! I have not wet my pants since I was about four! You know what this feels like?"

"For me - awesome Jen. For you? Come the time, the relief will govern everything for you. Oh, babe, yeah - just like that! Keep doing that. Jen, that's so good!" So soon, I could feel the cum rising. I pressed harder against her - keep it in babe, keep it in; then up and hard against her clit; rubbed frantically at it for just s few seconds; then as I spurted again, pressed it "Pee babe - you can pee now" I need not have asked for as I pressed her clit; she jerked, came again too, then gasped as pee flooded uncontrollable through her costume, down over my legs and puddled around us in the pool. "Hawk, I'm wetting myself, so badly had to go - I couldn't hold it any more." I pulled her costume aside to allow the pee to run true; "drown me darling. Let me feel it all over me"

Jen peed for an age; she really was as full as I had ever seen her. As she subsided, I found myself sitting there, holding on for dear life - I had cum twice; was desperate to pee before we started and now, with no erection to protect me, was close to pissing. Hold that material aside hon; close your eyes, hold the material away from your cunt!" And I aimed, relaxed and pushed hard as my pee began to flow. Direct at her clit, as hard as I could manage. A gasp and a giggle.

"Ooh, that's OOhhh!! And a little shudder as she peaked again; just a little one this time. I wasn't hard enough to be inside her, but pushed harder still and flooded her pussy - flushing away her juices and some of mine too as I pissed. Boy, I needed to go too - it tooka while. It took a while to come down too! By the time we had the sun had dipped - so had the temperature. Jen scooted over to the tap and turned it on! Believe me; any remaining passions I retained were shot as the ice cold water hit my body! "Ooh, bitch!" I gasped. "has to be washed out and emptied Hawk. Have to make it look like it was full!"

"It WAS fucking full! Gallons full." But I was not cross. And, as we were meant to have been sitting in our pool all evening, pulling on soaking shorts, freezing ones at that, simply added to the illusion. We stood on the lawn.

"You didn't like wetting yourself, Jen, did you! You don't like losing control like that."

She looked at me. "Daftarse! I loved it" Made me feel like a schoolgirl. A naughty one! And I have some more things I would like to try too. Up for it??

