The Pee Priestess

18th January 2008, 12:13 PM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

"I forgot to pee before I left, and now I really need to go," says Simza. She is a gypsy girl, and she is walking towards her caravan with her boyfriend, Spencer, who has been helping her to shop for the weekend. When they reach the caravan Simza drops her shopping bags on the ground, takes out the door keys from her pocket, gives them to Spencer, and says:

"Hurry, open the door!" as she puts one leg over the other and her hand in her crotch.

For a while Spencer is fumbling with the keys to get the door opened. Simza has her fingers deeply buried in her crotch and is swaying up and down as she screams:

"Hurry, hurry!"

Finally, Spencer succeeds. As Simza jumps up the two steps to the open caravan door, Spencer thinks he is hearing for a moment the familiar hissing sound of peeing pussy. She disappears into the caravan aiming for the toilet.

In the evening next day.

Light is coming out of the windows of Simza's caravan, and gypsy music is seeping out through the walls. Inside Spencer is sitting on the floor, and Simza is sitting in his lap. They are hugging and kissing.

Spencer's fingers are moving through Simza's long, curly, black hair towards the big golden ring in her ear. Her hair, big dark eyes, big nose, and light brown skin make her face look so sexy! And she is such a lively person, too. She has lots of crazy ideas and does lots of pranks.

Simza is getting heated up, but she is feeling uncomfortable because he is being so slow. When is he going to stop playing with her earring? He loves to see her panties, why doesn't he ask to see them or put his hand under her skirt to touch them? She decides that he needs some provocation.

"I want to dance," she says, gets up, and starts dancing.

She grabs her gypsy skirt and swings it and lifts it so that Spencer can see her panties. The panties are big white cotton panties covering the whole of her hips. After she has danced for some time she pulls her panties down to her thighs and comes over to Spencer. She lifts her skirt over his head, turns round, pushes his head between her thighs, and sits down on his shoulders. Then she pulls her panties over his face.

Under her skirt Spencer is seeing her panties getting closer. Now the white crotch of her panties is covering his nose. There it is, that familiar and oh so dear smell of vagina juice! He comes to think of what happened yesterday. Can he find traces of the pee accident? With both hands he seizes the panties and draws them down so that his nose can sniff the front part of the crotch area. And there it is, a big area with sweet smell of day-old pee! An obvious result of yesterday's accident. A short giggle breaks out under Simza's skirt. She hasn't changed yesterday's panties in spite of the large pee stain in them! He doesn't mind, though. On the contrary, his cheeks are getting hotter, and his prick is getting bigger.

Finding herself in a position suitable for peeing, Simza realises that she needs to pee. Why not give him a shot of pee in his hair? It is no big deal, and he probably won't notice anyway. After a quick thought she decides to go through with it. She rises from his shoulders and sits down on his head allowing her pussy enough room for pee to flow freely. She is pressing for a few seconds. There! A small stream of pee shoots out of her pussy into his hair. She bets he hasn't heard - hardly any hissing sound at all! Quickly she sits down on his head to prevent pee from escaping his hair and running down his face. Now just a good rub with butt and pussy against his head to make sure that all pee is soaked into his hair, and the job is done!

"Hey, your pussy is pretty wet, you must be really horny!" Spencer says feeling the wetness in his hair. Simza says nothing, but thinks to herself: Success! He did notice, but he didn't understand that he was pissed on. He is being pretty stupid.

She rises, pulls her panties off, and resumes dancing. When she has danced for a while, and removed all her clothes in the process, she stops, goes over to him, puts one foot on his shoulder, positions her pussy right in font of his face, and says in a slightly irritated voice:

"Now you are going to see how wet my pussy can be!"

Then she pees right in his face.

"Splendid performance!" says Spencer.

Surprised she stops peeing and says:

"Do you like it?" And Spencer says that he does indeed.

With a sweet smile on her lips and a reproachful look in her eyes she says:

"Good news! Why haven't you told me? You should have, you know."

"Really?" Spencer says. Oh, yes, she says that she has some experience, but that there is no time to talk about that now. A blank expression appears on Spencer's face while he is thinking about the times in the past he had wanted to see her pee, but didn't dare to ask.

She instructs him to lay down on his back, pull his legs up, and put his knees together. Then she sits down on his knees and places one leg on each side of him. She puts her hands on her knees and smiles at him. Soon pee comes out of her pussy, splashes down his legs, and accumulates in his lap. His erect prick stands up like a cliff in a pool of pee. Spencer makes his prick move a little producing small waves in the pee, and Simza exclaims:

"Your prick is swimming in my pee!"

She jumps off his knees, kneels down in front of his lap, and starts sucking his prick. She is sucking it into her mouth as far as she can, never minding tasting her own pee in the process. Then she gets up and sits down on his knees again. She straightens her back, lifts her head, and says:

"I, pee priestess Simza, declare the stream of pee from my pussy to your prick, allowing your prick to swim in pee, to be a holy bond between my pussy and your prick."

Another of her pranks, thinks Spencer, nevertheless he determines to take her seriously. He applauds, thanks her, and proclaims:

"Let us strengthen this holy bond by repeating the pee procedure just performed and other procedures like it as often as we can."

