Ah011's bladder slave (male desperation)

23rd November 2015, 08:24 PM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Hi all, been kicking this fantasy around my mind for a few days

Thought I'd share it with you

I have often chatted with Ah011 on here about our shared love of peeing, I know how much she lives making desperate people wait

I've written this story with her in mind as my partner

Hope you enjoy.

The car rolls down the road into town, a sunny day, bit of a chill in the air. I'm seated in the passenger seat while she drives. The sun starts to set as we get closer to.town. with it goes the residual heat it has brought all day. The change in temperature sends a chill through my body which shakes me for a second

She looks over at me, I look back at her. She's the picture of perfection, 5'4 and fit, blonde hair. Dressed in a Jean mini skirt and tank top which accents her beautiful curves. Killer looks and and an attitude to match

She cocks her eyebrow up at me in a questioning stare

"Don't tell me you have to go already" she asks "it hasn't been more then an hour"

I look away from her accusing eyes and down to my jeans. I hope that will stay dry tonight, but I know that is up to her, and personally I have my doubts. "I'm OK" I say looking out the window. It's not a lie, I am OK, but I can feel the pressure building in my bladder already, no doubt due to the litre and a half of water she's forced me to drink before our ride into town.

She looks back at the road, " I hope so" she says " you got a long time to hold still"

I curse her silently in my mind. I know the rules of the game, I go when she tells me and not before. We're going to see a movie but I know for her, the real show will be watching me.

We reach the theater and park. Walking inside I can feel myself starting to fill more, the excess water my body has processed moving into my pee sack. We reach the counter where she purchases us tickets, for the longest movie of course, over two hours. I grumble knowing she won't let me go till the movie is over.

We walk towards the ttheater, mostly empty tonight, thankfully. As we pass the concession stand she stops me.

"You look thirsty" she says with a mischievous smile on her face.

I groan and role my eyes, "I'm good" I reply buy I know protesting is pointless.

She wanders to the counter, looks briefly and then turns to the sales girl. " one extra large drink" she says, turning to enjoy the pained expression in my face "ice tea" she says with a smile.

My heart sinks, not only is it more fluid, I know the tea will push the water through my body faster. I Can already feel my bladder starting to get full, Making me uncomfortable. " you bitch" I hiss softly. She glares at me, having heard. Taking the full drink from the sales girl she shoves it into my hand " just for that" she snears " you have to finish that before the movie begins"

We wander towards the theater. I Stare Longley at the men's room, wishing I could stop and empty my bladder into the urinal before starting. I'm 3/4 full now could easily pee. Alas we walk by them and inside. I see her smiling, knowing she's enjoying herself already.

We take our seats as the trailers start. As she watches me a start to suck back the ice tea in big gulps. She smiles as she watches. The cold fluid makes me shudder, a shiver shakes through my body, sspasmong my bladder, now completely full as I finish the tea. I'm forced to cross my legs, a pained expression on my face as she laughs.

Half an hour in and I'm holding my own, my bladder is full and continuing to fill, I feel it stretching as more fluid works it's way through my kidneys and into it. I keep my legs cross and breath slowly, managing except for the occasional spasm.

By an hour into the movie, things are getting worse. My bladder is totally full now, sending constant signals for release which I ignore. My legs are peminantly crossed and the spasms are getting worse as more and more fluid runs through my body and into my already bursting bladder

She watches in amusement as I start to squirm in my seat, unable to sit still do to the rock in my abdomen. She laughs as the tea takes effect on me over the next few minutes, surging more fluid into.my already over filled bladder. I'm forced to grab my cocktail periodically now ad I begin to struggle to keep my pants dry.

She giggles as she watches the pained expressions on my face as I dance in my seat. " aare you OK?" She asks knowingly. " you look as though you need to pee badly"

"I do" I say back through clenched teeth. I need the urinal so bad right now"

"I think you can hold it" she says with a smile as she turns back to the movie

I have my doubts, I need to puss worse then I ever have in my life. At an hour and 30 mind I'm in absolute agony as my bladder continues to full with water and tea. I'm at my bursting point and I'm forced to grav my cock as I feel the fluid surge toward my peephole, threatening to dampen my boxers and jeans. I moan as the pressure shoots backwards reverberating through my full bladder and kidneys.

She looks over at my pained expression. " got to pee" She asks as she looks at me squeezing my crotch for dear life.

"Yes" I moan. The water and tea have done it's job. I want nothing more then to release into a urinal, feeling relief as the pee runs out of me. I'm forced to choke back another spurt as I think of it in my mind. "PLease, can I go" I beg " I'm so full"

She smiles ddevilishly "back in a sec" she says as she stands up and walks out of the theater leaving me to struggle alone with my bursting bladder. Where can she be going I wonder, before my thoughts turn to finding relief. I stare longly at the giant empty soda cup. I know it will make a great makeshift urinal, but what if she catches me, she is sure to punish me.

As I age with my self I see to my dismay she has returned. To my horror she cares another giant cup of ice tea. I'm forced to clamp down on my bursting Cock as the thought of consuming more liquid causes me to almost lose control.

"YYou can't be serious" I moan as she sits down, " I can't, I need to pee"

"Drink this and you can go in a cup" she says handing me the massive drink

I stare at the massive amount of fluid she wants me to force into my already saturated body. I feel as if I can't, but the thought of gaining so relief is so tantalizing. I know that using the soda cup will take most of it off and let me hold till the end of the movie . I gulp back the soda, each sip spasm in my bladder. I'm pinching my cocktail permanently now, even so I feel a few drops escape into my boxers. All I can think of is hoe great it will feel to finally piss

I finish and start to position the giant cup in front of me

"Ah ah ah ah" I hear her sneer. " I said a cup, but that one's much too big" I watch in astonishment as she pulls out a small coffee cup

Less then half the size of the soda cup

My heart sinks in horror, and I feel a larger leak escape at this turn of events "no" I plead "it's too small, it won't be enoygh"

"TTake it or leave it" she says with a smile, " and you better not spill any on the floor

Needing any relief I can, I grudgingly take the cup, angry that she has tricked me

I position it in front of and pull out my cock, aiming it into the cup.

Instantly my stream explodes from my tip into the cup, splash with the force of a fire hydrant. It feels amazing to let go, especially after holding for so long. The relief is short lived as the cup fills in less then 20 secs. I choke back tears and bite my tongue as I cut off my stream, the pressure back up into my kidneys, the pain immense. I pinch myself tight to hold back the ocean still inside me ready to burst out as I set the brim full cup on the floor

I look over at her laughing with pleasure at my pain. "PPlease can I go more I beg" the short pee has only intensified my need. I want nothing more then to finish in the giant soda cups, my bladder about to burst all over the move theater

She smirks "no, I just let you go, you should able to hold till the movie finishes"

I moan, there's still half an hour to go. My bladder is full to bursting and getting fuller with each second as my kidneys pour in more of the 3.5 litres I drank in the last few hours.

"I don't think I can" I hiss as a 3 sec spurt escapes, widening the wet spot on my boxers.

"Then you're going to be very wet" she hisses back, clearly enjoying herself.

I shift in my seat and hold my self tight. By the time the movie finishes, I'm at wits end, I just want to pee, I want nothing more.

We leave the theater, by now I can only manage and bent hobble, holding my self, trying to keep myself from getting any wetter. People stare, not used to seeing a grown man so desperate and obviously struggling to keep control. I don't care, I just need to stay dry. As we pass the bathrooms I hear the words I've been waiting for

"How about a bathroom break?" She asks.

I look at her in amazement, wondering if she is joking. But she seems serious

"Yes" I say "I'd like nothing more

"OK you may go" she agrees. "My only rule is you must use the urinal"

Agreed I say, hobbling towards the men's room, relief so close I can taste it.

We enter the small bathroom, thankful empty. Looking around I spot my saviour tucked in the corner. A waist high urinal which goes the floor, jetting at the bottom

I begin to move towards it, relief at last but she catches my shirt and holds me back. I turn to her in shock.

Ladies first" she says with a laugh. Cutting in front of me to the urinal. She lifts her skirt and spreads her legs wide as a massive stream shoots from her puss into the urinal wall. Clatter loudly in the quiet bathroom

The noise of her relief sends a shock wave through my body. My bursting bladder spasms, sending a spurt shooting from my cock into my pants. This time there's no stopping it and I pee 12 seconds .my boxers are soaked and small wet patch appears on my jeans. I squeeze and clamp down hard with all my might managing to regain control the damage is done

Still peeing at the urinal she turns to look at me and laugh.

"What's wrong" she mocks " couldn't get to the bathroom in time?" She turns back to her stream, still gushing into the urinal

The sound torture to my ears. I start to move towards the sink, intent on finding relief there but she catches me.

"Remember our rule" she says sternly "you can go when I'm done

I cross my legs, on the verge of loosing all control. "When will that be" I moan I move up beside you but you move blocking my path as I double over "common" I beg "can't we share"

"No" she says continuing to pee and torture me

"You'll overflow it and I won't have you making a mess of the bathroom"

I moan as she continues peeing. I feel all the fluid in me push to get out as I listen to her get the relief I so desperately crave. I know I'm seconds away from soaking my jeans. I pull out my cock, squeezing myself with all my might. Still a tiny stream starts to trickle out and fall on the floor. " please hurry" I beg knowing I'm seconds from flooding the floor.

Just when I think she will never stop, her stream trails off. She steps away from the urinal and turns to look at me.

"Look at you" she says mockingly "you're such a mess, have you no control?" I say nothing, just stand there bent over clutching myself slowly peeing on the floor.

"Fine, if you really can't hold it go" she says with an annoyed tone, stepping to the side

I can't move without loosing control.

I take my dock and point it at the urinal. The instant I release my grip a massive stream shoots from my cock. It archs across the room, finding it's target and clattering in the urinal as I moan in relief. After holding so long it feels unbelievable to let go. I feel as if I'm aiming a fire hose as all the fluid jets from my bladder and flows into the urinal. I pee so fast that pee starts to collect in the bottom of the urinal, it doesn't have enough time to drain. I continue to gain speed, my piss now splashing in the small puddle in the urinal.

All of a sudden a voice snaps me back to reality. "I think that's enough"

Still peeing I turn to look at her in disbelief. "What?" I say "I'm not done

"You've been peeing two minutes" she replies "you should be able to hold for a bit more now"

I cry in pain as I choke back my stream, my bladder still bursting even after two minutes of pissing like a race horse. " I'm still so full " I beg " can't I go more?" As if anticipating her response my stream starts to blast full force into the urinal again much to her anger

Stop that this instant or you will be punished" she yells I ignore her and continue peeing

Stop it now!!!" She screams.

Knowing I shouldn't push my luck I pinch off my stream. My bladders still full but no longer bursting. I put my cocktail back in my dampened pants and turn to face her angry face.

"You're going to pay for disobeying me" she says angrylly. " I'm bored let's go home"she says before storming out of the bathroom.

I wait a sec and the follow behind her, knowing it will be a long ride home.

