I'm a real wild child (Fiction)

16th April 2014, 06:46 PM

Author: pomman

Location: Norway (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

1. A walk in the park

"Wait for me, I just need a pee," said Rhonda to her new boyfriend, Albert, as they rose from their seats in a snack bar. He had been very kind and bought her lots of drink, so now her pussy was full of pee! He was stunned for a second when he heard the word "pee", but then he smiled to himself  he liked that word. He put his arm around her, pulled her close and whispered, "So, you're going to pee?" She nodded, put a hand on his shoulder and looked at him; she wondered why he asked. "Then I know the right place," he said and glanced out of a window. He fastened his hold on her and led her out of the snack bar. Somewhat reluctantly, she followed, but thought that since she was new in the area and did not know the localities well yet, perhaps he knew of a better place than the toilet in the snack bar.

She had seemed quite ordinary at the first meeting, he thought, though her bangs with small outward bends at the sides had made &#8203;&#8203;her a little sophisticated. She was a bit of a shy, sensitive, and cautious type of person. Nevertheless, he felt that raw, feminine passion was boiling under her protective shell.

Rhonda had not been so desperate to pee since she as a little girl had been with her mom on endless shopping trips. She made small steps while concentrating on her pussy so as to keep it from peeing. Now Albert walked in front of her and held her hand, so, luckily, he could not see her awkward walk.

"Oh!" she whispered as they crossed the road outside the snack bar. She was afraid that her pussy had made &#8203;&#8203;a small squirt of pee in her panties.

They walked down the sloping park that lay on the other side of the road in front of the snack bar.

It was a nice summer evening, and the moon shone down on them.

They arrived at a large bush. Albert intended to bring Rhonda with him into the bush.

The bush grew in such a way that the branches lay first horizontally directed from the centre of the bush then bent upward after a yard or two. The branches were fairly thick with dense foliage. The bush was a perfect hiding place.

Albert had to use force in order to bend the branches aside such that he could get through. Rhonda followed. They got themselves into the bush, passed the midpoint of it, continued to the area where the branches bent upwards, and sat down there.

He put his arm around her shoulders.

Rhonda looked at him. When I moved here, I decided to finally start with some boy or other, she thought to herself, and this occasion is as good as any although I am not quite sure about this Albert character yet.

Impatiently, she said, "Okay, so where can I pee? Now I really have to do it!"

Oh, it is going to start happening! he thought with pleasure; the waiting time is over. He squeezed her lightly against him, laughed a bit, and said, "So we'll find a good place for you."

She pressed a hand on her trousers right in front of her pussy. Ouch, now he sees that I am desperate, she thought, but there is nothing I can do about that now.

He looked down at her pussy.

He's got a nerve! she thought and put a tight eye on him, but then she had to smile to herself because it was not so hard to understand. But why did he look so expectant?

He kissed her cheek. "Just pee here inside the bush; that's okay. Nobody's gonna see it."

Naah, nobody would  except he, of course, she thought sourly  but maybe he should be allowed for he is a friend, or is about to be one, or what? "Wouldn't it be better to hide behind a bush? ..." she said uncertainly and looked around. She pressed both hands against her pussy now. "Who is interested in the best?" he said, "The easiest thing to do is to do it here, right?"

He pointed to a place right next to her. "You simply sit down on the tuft of grass there and pump your pee into it. Just squeeze your thighs together, then I can't see anything if that's what you're thinking of." His lips curved into a small smile as he thought about what this would mean for the pee sound and the pee stream. That is correct, then he would not be able to see my pussy, Rhonda thought. He added, "Besides, your pee is a first grade fertiliser, so it would be much friendlier to the environment to pee here than in a bathroom." That is a good point! Rhonda thought. He continued, "Just sit down on the tuft a short distance behind it. That way, your pussy will be free of the tuft such that it can easily pump pee into the grass." Rhonda tilted her head and smiled at him. How practical he is! she thought.

She got up. "Okay, but don't tell anyone," she said.

He held her hand in order to help her keep the balance. "Don't be embarrassed because of me, my other girlfriends don't either," he said.

Is that so! She cast a quick glance at him. But it was too late to object now. She sat down on the tuft of grass.

She eased down her pants to the top of her thighs. She took care to press the pants tightly against her stomach so as to keep her pussy and pussy hairs out of view. Her white buttocks and thighs lit up in the shade in the bush.

She looked at him. He gazed at the side of her butt. He smiled and seemed to enjoy himself. He is probably eager for a peep, the pussy-hungry peeping Tom! she thought.

"I like girls who are a bit shy," he said. She smiled gratefully at him.

He leaned forward and looked up between her legs, but could only see grass  unless she had dyed her pussy hair green.

"Oh, no, you don't!" she said and pushed him back. Quickly, he straightened up.

She put me in my place there, he thought, but it is understandable that a girl does not like to show her pussy to a boyfriend before she is properly acquainted with him. It is probably not easy for her to sit down to pee next to him either, he thought further, she has probably not done anything like that before. He decided that the sight of her broad, round butt, her nicely rounded thighs and the upper edge of her white cotton knickers, which he spotted over the waistband of her trousers, would have to do.

She thought about what happened when they crossed the road outside the snack bar. She looked down at her panties. Oh, there was a small wet spot in them! She grabbed the crotch of them, lifted it up to her nose, and sniffed it. She looked over at him, smiled and said, "It seems I had a little accident."

"Oh!" he said compassionately, and then, "Let me also smell."

He leaned towards her. She lifted the crotch of her panties towards him. He smelled it, straightened up, and said approvingly, "A very nice and healthy girly pee smell!" Rhonda giggled.

"Sssss." This familiar sound announced that Rhonda had started peeing. Her holding her thighs firmly together caused her &#8203;&#8203;pussy lips to be pressed together in front of her pee hole. A high, whistling sound of peeing was the result.

Rhonda blushed when she heard the sound. She cast a quick glance at Albert. He sat with his eyes wide open and listened attentively. She giggled nervously.

I have to say something to help her feel comfortable, he thought. "Listen to that great pee sound!" he said, putting his hand behind his ear, "And notice how high it is!" Rhonda had to laugh, and Albert laughed too.

Rhonda had never experienced a boy listening to her peeing. She did not know that boys liked it so much. It could perhaps prove useful. ...

He bowed his head slightly, looked under her, and said, "And what a great pee stream! Not many girls have such a strong and broad stream." Oh, now he has seen everything, she thought.

Then they heard a rustling sound in the grass outside the bush.

2. An intruder

A girl came into view in front of the bush. She obviously intended to pee because she had already lifted her skirt. Cautiously, she moved around the bush while looking about herself. The moonlight lit up her white knickers.

She stopped, turned and placed her butt towards the bush. The wide, heart-shaped butt of hers pointed straight at the two in the bush. She moved her hands to the legs of her panties in order to pull the panties down.

Rhonda glanced curiously at Albert. He had stopped talking when the scene outside the bush began. With a fascinated, slightly distorted facial expression, he stared at the delicious, panties-clad girly butt.

Then Albert realised who she was. "It's Gypsy," he said. "Who cares?" asked Rhonda; she wanted Albert to herself. He ignored her and shouted, "Hey, Gypsy! It's me, Albert!"

Gypsy turned her head and tried to spot him. She rose and turned towards the bush in order to improve her view. She moved her head from side to side and peered between the branches of the bush. She probably can't see us here in the dark, Albert thought. Now she moved around the bush while looking for an opening between the branches.

Albert and his friends called her Gypsy despite the fact that she was not a gypsy and did not look like one. Her haircut was boyish. Her hair was short, but long at the front and in the neck. Her fringe was swept aside from her face. The hair was dyed black on one side of the head and red on the other side. She wore a t-shirt and a rough pleated mini skirt in dark and light brown colours. Long nails pointed out along the sides of her skirt.

"Agh! She's coming here," Rhonda said halfway to herself. She still sat pumping pee into the tuft of grass. Albert looked at her. "Don't take offence, Rhonda. Gypsy's okay. Everyone likes her and probably you too, just wait and see." Rhonda stopped peeing and pulled her pants up again.

"She has dyed her pussy hair black and red too," Albert whispered to Rhonda. She looked at him, "So you know her that well?" He ignored her question and continued, " but down there it is the other side that is coloured red." Rhonda giggled.

Gypsy made her way between the branches. When she had gotten into the bush, she paused, brushed off leaves and bits of branches, and said, "Hey, Al." Then she discovered Rhonda. "So this is where you hide with girls?" she said, put her hands on her hips, had a look around and added, "I'm impressed!"

Well, actually, it was his hiding place, he thought, but he would not make it so easy for her by revealing that right away. Instead, he said cheerfully, "Hello, Gypsy. We sit here and look at the moon."

"But you see it better from outside the bush," Gypsy said.

She ought to understand that I and Rhonda are having a nice and intimate time together here in the bush, he thought. "Oh, well, who cares?" he said grumpily, "We are not astronomers, you know."

She started moving towards him.

Albert was a little disturbed by the direct way Gypsy headed for him; she was like a wasp that shoots out of its nest and aims at a disturber of peace. "Why must you always be so logical?" he said and continued, "Surely, life has more to offer than logic!" Gypsy giggled, from which he assumed that she agreed.

As she walked towards him, she put her hands up under her skirt and pulled her knickers down.

It is fair enough that she wants to pee in here with us, he thought, but must she do it close to Rhonda and me? However, he did not mind too much, and now he felt that his cheeks were getting hot.

When she reached him, her panties hung down on her thighs. Now she lifted her skirt. The red and black pussy bush came into the view of both Albert and Rhonda.

She could show a little more decency, he thought. Although he himself found that Gypsy's delicious, hairy pussy was like a revelation, what does Rhonda feel about being presented to it on the fly?

"This is Gypsy," he told Rhonda. "And this is Rhonda," he told Gypsy and added, " a new acquaintance."

"I see. So, you're Albert's new girlfriend," said Gypsy and shook hands with Rhonda.

Now Gypsy pulled her panties down to her knees and dumped down in Albert's lap. Her panties were stretched out under his chin.

Rhonda sat quietly and watched them. It seems that they have done this before, she thought.

"Excuse me, I just have to do it. You understand?" said Gypsy in the familiar "among us girls" tone to Rhonda. "That's OK," said Rhonda vaguely. "I guess the girly body needs to sprinkle a bit," said Albert, laughing to Rhonda in an attempt to explain the situation to her. "And it uses its most intimate part to do it," he added.

At that moment, a pee stream shot out of Gypsy's pussy and hit him under his chin. Gypsy had placed a hand on her pussy and pulled her pussy upwards such that the pee hole pointed towards his face. "I was just assisting with some practical information in support of Albert's girl theory," said Gypsy to Rhonda. Rhonda giggled.

How delicious, Albert thought; he recognised the smell of Gypsy's piss.

"Gypsy plays guitar and sings in a rock band," he told Rhonda, and in order to defend himself and Rhonda against Gypsy's rather fresh behaviour, he added with an ironic smile, "But she's not so good at sing..."

His speaking was interrupted by Gypsy plastering her panties all over his face. Rhonda laughed.

How humiliating  or maybe not? Albert had to smile. He could safely do so because the big panties butt covered the lower part of his face so that the girls could not see him smile.

The white cotton knickers had double crotch. He was the one who had said she should use such large underpants instead of the tiny thong panties issued with metal buttons she used the first time he saw her in her panties. "The proud, holy girly pussy needs proper clothing to stay dry and comfortable," he had told her. What he had been thinking of, however, was that such briefs would soak up the juices of her sweaty pussy and retain them. That way, all her pussy smells would be available to him if she were to hang her knickers over his head.

He smelled the panties. Just the smell of soap. He pulled them down and bowed his head backwards. Oh, there it was! He took a deep breath, filling his lungs with the delicious scents of Gypsy's girly piss pussy. Why had he forgotten about this girl and started his excursion among other peeing girls?

"It was not nice of me to gag him, but the truth is that Al does not know much about what it's like to perform on stage," said Gypsy to Rhonda. "Blmf" was the sound that came out from under Gypsy's panties. "Shall we give the boy the right to speak?" Gypsy said to Rhonda. "Yes, I think so," said Rhonda. She preferred to look at Albert's face than Gypsy's panties , which now had fresh pee stains in many places.

Albert was pleased that Gypsy talked so much to Rhonda so that Rhonda became included in the situation.

Gypsy pulled her panties down to below his chin again, and he regained speech and vision.

"Actually, she is a very good singer," Albert said to Rhonda, "You should see her perform 'Real Wild Child'. Her performance of that song is brilliant." Rhonda cast an interested look at Gypsy.

Albert's eyes got dreamy. He thought of Gypsy. She was quite a sight when she let herself loose on stage in "I'm a real wild child". The chorus looked like this: "Yes, you can come with me to play. / I don't care what you do or say, / but it's gonna take a while / 'cause I'm a real wild child." After she had sung the chorus, she repeated different parts of it several times while she was jumping around. Her dancing became wilder and wilder until the next verse started or the song was abruptly over.

Gypsy looked down at herself and rotated her hip slightly to direct her pussy at Albert's belly. Then she began to pee again. "I've missed you, you haven't been visiting for a long time," she said tenderly, but with a slightly sharp undertone.

Her intense pee stream penetrated easily his thin summer pants. Now he felt a few drops of pee on his skin. "Why haven't you dropped by?" Gypsy said.

Her pee started forming a pond inside his pants. "I've had so little time. I'll come tomorrow night," he said. His balls bathed in her pee now. "You do that," she said and ruffled his hair affectionately.

None of the three spoke. The high, hissing sound produced by Gypsy's pussy dominated the situation aurally. The man in the moon looked down on them between the branches of the bush.

Gypsy stopped her peeing. So, she is finally finished, he thought and further, how do I explain all this to Rhonda when Gypsy has gone?

Gypsy grabbed the back of his head and hoisted herself up into a standing position.

She pulled her skirt up. Her pussy was right in front of his face. Piss dripped from her pussy hair into his lap. Proudly, she put her hands on her hips and said, "And this is because you haven't visited me for two weeks." He said, "Goodbye, Gypsy, I ... blub blub ..."

Gypsy had started peeing again and did it right into his face. Piss sprayed out to the sides. Rhonda moved to avoid being hit. Gypsy swung her hips from side to side and up and down. The stream swung over him from his forehead, over his closed eyes to his nose, cheeks and mouth.

He could not let the opportunity pass. He opened his mouth. He hoped that Rhonda would assume it was a reflex.

There was a hollow sound as pee gushed into his mouth. The pitch of the sound fell as his mouth became filled with pee. He had to swallow. Oh, now Rhonda must have realised it, he thought.

With a groan, Gypsy bent backwards and sent a final stream into his hair. As she pulled up her panties, she said, "Bye! See you tomorrow."

Gypsy went back to where she came into the bush, made &#8203;&#8203;her way out between the branches and disappeared.

Albert's shirt was soaked, and so was the front of his trousers. Piss dripped from his chin into his lap, where a pool of pee had formed.

Rhonda moved closer. She looked him up and down. "Well, well, well," she said. Albert adopted an apologetic attitude as he turned his pee wet face towards Rhonda. "Gypsy is a little spontaneous," he said, "Whatever she feels like doing she must do, and she must do it right away, everything else is unimportant." He chuckled. "But why did you have to drink her pee?" she said. He smiled. "Oh, that was just an accident. Anyway, it was good to taste her pee to make sure it did not taste of beer because, you see, she promised me to limit her beer consumption." This became too much for Rhonda.

Quickly, she got up. Albert looked up at her in surprise.

"Don't you see what she's done?" she said, "She has used her pee to mark you physically as her own property so that other girls should stay away. If you like that kind of stuff, I suggest you marry her right away because there can't be many of her kind." He looked at her in astonishment. Maybe this is the push that I need ..., he thought. "I'm leaving!" she said. "How about meeting tomorrow?" he shouted after her. "No, then you're going to see her!"

Rhonda disappeared out of the bush.

3. Left alone in the bush

A feeling of emptiness filled Albert now that both girls were gone. He looked between the branches of the bush for Rhonda. She had taken a footpath across the lawn in front of the bush. The footpath disappeared down a hill and reappeared further down on a plain by the end of the park. Gypsy had chosen the same footpath and was fifty yards ahead of Rhonda. Gypsy had an easy way of walking now that she had emptied herself of surely one litre of pee. Her short skirt bobbed cheerfully back and forth as she walked as if it waved goodbye to him. Now the girls disappeared down the hill.

He hung his pants up on some branches and sat down to wait for them to dry. After a while, he took another peek out between the branches of the bush. Hey, there they appeared down on the plain! But now they were walking together. What were they talking about? It was probably one of the many things in life he would never know. ...

"Hey," said Rhonda as she caught up with Gypsy on her way down the hill. "Hello again," said Gypsy. "I wonder what really happened back there; I have never experienced anything like that. Do you pee on every guy you know?" said Rhonda; she wondered if that was the kind of thing people did when they hid behind bushes. "I'm sorry, I did not mean to offend you," said Gypsy, "It's just that Albert likes things like that. When I saw him in the bush, I thought that to pee in the grass would be a waste  much better to let him have my pee. Maybe you don't know him very well?"

"No, I don't. I only moved in last week," said Rhonda. "That figures. Okay, so he works fast! All the girls here fall for him. He's so handsome  tall and dark  and so charming. He likes to bring girls with him into bushes and make them pee for him. He's bad that way."

"Oh, I see. Yeah, he tried it on me too ..." Rhonda looked down, embarrassed. Then she continued, "But  how did you get to know him?" Gypsy said, "Through the music. Albert is in the band  is or was, I don't quite know."

"Really?" Rhonda said. "Sure. He has written a couple of our songs too. But he's not an exhibitionist like the rest of us; he's never on stage." Gypsy added with a laugh, "No, he leaves any exhibitionism to some girl that he has brought with him into a dense shrub!" She continued, "Albert's OK, but he's the local Don Juan with a twist, so be careful of him." It seems that he is not the only one who is a little twisted, Rhonda thought.

Next day Albert went to visit Gypsy. He felt a little nervous as he climbed the stairs up to her apartment. She opened when he knocked on the door. "Hi! Come in," she said. "Excuse the mess. I and the guys are going out to play." Large amplifiers and speakers were stacked up in the apartment. There was barely enough room to move around in. "Well, I, uh ... It's not so important, it can wait," he said. It was harder to say what he wanted to say than he had thought. "Go ahead and say it, I have little time," she pressed on. "Yeah, well, ... I wonder if you would like to marry me."

"What?" she said in amazement, but realised immediately from the serious expression on his face that he meant it. "I say!" she said and directed a thoughtful glance first at him and then into the air past him. A small smile appeared on her face  was it ironic? When he saw it, he was first afraid that she would reject him then and there, but then he calmed himself by thinking, she probably thinks of diaper washing and television evenings replacing parties and concerts. He hastened to say, "Don't decide now, take the time you need to think." He headed towards the front door. "Thanks!" she shouted after him when he had come a piece down the stairs. He glanced up at her, smiled and said, "You're welcome!"

He did not see much of her the following days and weeks, just occasionally at a distance in restaurants and the like. He worked hard, was promoted and moved to a large city. One day, some years later, there was a knock on his door. He smiled when he saw who it was. Gypsy seemed a bit tired after all the years of rock 'n' roll and other things  God knows what. "Is the offer still open?" she said. He knew at once what she meant. "You bet it is!" he replied. She threw herself at him, and they kissed. He felt her small breasts against his chest and her stomach, hips, and thighs against his. "Just a sec, I have something for you," she said. She pulled out a large plastic bag she had hidden next to the door. She dug down into it and took out something white. It was a pair of knickers. She put it over his head, and he took a deep breath. He recognised her pussy smell. Okay, so she is the same "real wild child" as she was before, he thought. And he got that confirmed the next days.

