Stage Plight (fiction)

26th August 2011, 12:06 AM

Author: rydwi69

Location: Scotland (Sex: Male) Posts: 19

Here's a new totally fictional story which I hope you'll enjoy!

****

Well I think I will be a tremendous success in the profession - acting that is. I've got all the attributes. A pretty face, a good figure, a big bust and talent of course. You mustn't forget talent.

The trouble is that there are more young girls looking for parts than there are parts available. Do you know how many girls come out of acting school every year? No? Well neither do I, but I do know it's an awful lot.

Everyone needs that big break. That stroke of luck, the big part, that bit of publicity that pushes them into the eye of the public.

That's why open auditions attract so many people. They are held when a director wants a 'new face' for an important part in a new production. The queue of new faces was a mile long.

At any rate it was for Sebastian Grolk's new production of Hamlet. Grolk had caused a big stir with his 'modern' take on Shakespeare, and a part in one of his plays was a sure way to the publicity I needed to launch my career. And this wasn't just any part. This was Ophelia. Ophelia who goes mad.

His interpretations of Shakespeare might have been bizarre, but the 'audition' was even more bizarre.

"Do a handstand," he announced, as I stood ready to declaim Portia's speech from The Merchant of Venice.

"You what?" I wasn't aware that Ophelia had some sort of gymnastic expertise.

"You heard me. Do a handstand."

I hesitated. I was wearing a short loose skirt and if I did a handstand it would reveal my embarrassingly girly knickers underneath. Still, this was Sebastian Grolk. He must know what he was doing. And this was for the part of Ophelia.

I did a handstand. My skirt fell over my face to reveal my knickers. It was a good job it was over my face because it had turned bright red.

"Don't call us we'll call you."

And the audition was over, and all I had done was show off my knickers. It was only in discussing the audition afterwards that I discovered that all the girls had been asked to display their knickers in one way or another. Most had indignantly refused and I now felt cheap that I had been so brazen. Still I suppose it had been an effective way of cutting down the numbers.

Perhaps it was the only reason I was called back for the second audition. Oh yes. The second audition. This was where we were whittled down even more.

"Take your clothes off," he said.

Of course I took my clothes off. This was the second audition. My big chance. Only a few had been called back. I wasn't going to throw it away now was I?

But my god was it embarrassing. I just stood there knock-kneed and red faced, with one hand trying to hide my tits and one trying to hide my cunt. I had never been so embarrassed in my life. Up until then that is.

It was that which got me the part. Of the few girls that agreed to take their clothes off I was the one that looked the most embarrassed and that was what he wanted.

There was of course a reason for the strange audition. He wanted a nude Ophelia for the play. Ophelia of course goes mad in the play, and in the mind of Sebastian Grolk madness equated to nudity. It took a while for the idea to sink in. I was going to have to appear nude on stage, in front of an audience, and somehow I was bloody sure I wasn't going to be allowed to hide my cunt. After all, as Sebastian said, a mad Ophelia wouldn't hide her cunt would she?

I wasn't entirely sure I agreed with him there, but then it was my big break, and I wasn't going to let a little thing like having to appear nude on stage stop me. That famous actress, you know who I mean, Whatshername, she'd done it, so why shouldn't I?

But then we came to rehearse the mad scene, and suddenly all the embarrassment I had suffered so far seemed as nothing.

"We are having to show how mad is Ophelia," said Sebastian, "she must behave in a way that is, how you say, totally outrageous."

He'd made me strip naked again. I was too embarrassed to do anything but nod. There was a sort of screen, what Shakespeare called an arras, behind which I had to take my clothes off. The embarrassment of it. I crept out hands over tits and cunt again.

"I see you agree. Good. Good," Sebastian was coming up with one of his ideas, "I think I see what is needed. She must pee on stage. That will show she is mad."

"She must what," I was so taken aback I even dropped my hands.

"Yes, yes. That is right. She must pee. I see you agree. Go on. Show us."

"What! I can't just do it."

"No, no. You don't understand. This is theatre. It is not real. You must just mime it," he was getting excited in his strange middle european way.

I couldn't believe it. I was going to have to have to squat down on stage in the nude and mime peeing. How on earth could I do that. It would show my cunt to the audience. Legs wide open and cunt on view!

"Go on, go on!"

But I had to do it. This was my big chance. I'd gone this far. I couldn't let it all go to waste. I had to do it. I did my best. I squatted down, a pose which revealed my cunt in all its glory, and tried to put on a 'look at me I'm peeing' face.

It wasn't hard. In fact I was trying desperately hard not to pee in reality. You see it's a natural reflex. When you get into peeing position with a full bladder, you just have to pee, don't you? Well I do at any rate. I can't help it. And I had a full bladder then. As I got into full peeing position I realised the pee was going to have to come. I gave a yelp and ran for it helter-skelter behind the changing screen. There was a plastic bucket there. I'd remembered the plastic bucket. There was a loud tinkling and splashing sound as I sat on the bucket and peed, everybody must have known what I was doing, but at least they couldn't see me.

"Excellent, excellent," said Sebastian as I emerged my face beetroot with embarrassment, and my fate was sealed. I was going to have to mime peeing on stage. Completely nude.

But what on earth was I going to do to avoid peeing for real. There was only one way. I was going to have to pee into the bucket before going on stage, so that my bladder was empty. So I left strict instructions to make sure there was a bucket behind the arras.

It went well in the dress rehearsal. Or in my case, undress rehearsal.

Come the first night though I realised I couldn't go through with it. I couldn't. I just couldn't. There was royalty there! Not like your proper royalty, but Prince Thingy and his new girlfriend, and that bloke off the telly who's always in the news, and that footballer with his skinny wife and the leader of some political party - I can't remember which one. It was the theatrical event of the year. Anybody who was anybody was there. I mean I couldn't strip naked and mime peeing in front of royalty could I!

There was a celebratory bottle of champagne on the table in my dressing room. Disconsolately I opened it and started to swig from the bottle. Getting blind drunk seemed a good idea. The funny thing was though, with a bottle of high quality alcohol in me the idea of miming peeing on stage didn't seem to bad. It's amazing how alcohol loosens the inhibitions. By the time I'd finished it I was ready for anything.

I thought I was pretty good. Out there on stage playing Ophelia. I hadn't realised how much being drunk improved my acting ability. I retired behind the arras to remove my clothes and I was actually giggling at the thought of displaying my cunt to royalty. Not many girls get to do that.

Then I noticed something with horror. There was no bucket. After consuming a whole bottle of champagne my bladder was bursting and there was no bucket to pee in. I was getting desperate and I was going to have to go out on stage and mime peeing!

"You can do it! You can do it!" I said to myself. And as I stepped out on stage I heard a gasp go up. In my total preoccupation with my desperate state I had forgotten I was walking out stark naked.

"There's fennel for you, and columbines: there's rue for you; and here's some for me: we may call it herb grace o' Sundays: O you must wear your rue with a difference. There's a daisy: I would give you some violets, but they withered all when my father died: they say he made a good end ..."

It was the point where I was to demonstrate my madness by pretending to pee!

I squatted down. I would just have to make the effort. I would have to control it. But as soon as I squatted down, my cunt on display, I knew I couldn't.

I was desperate. My bladder full to bursting the urge to pee was overwhelming. I knew it was going to come. I knew it was going to come. And it came. A gushing fountain. Spraying in a wide arc over the front row of the audience. And I couldn't stop. Once I'd started I couldn't stop.

Stark naked, in the full glare of the spotlights, in front of an audience of 2,100 I peed for what seemed an eternity.

They say there is no such thing as bad publicity.

They're wrong.

