Like Mother Like Daughter, Chap 5

24th September 2007, 06:27 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

It looks like the first chapter of my little story is beginning to be popular. Do you know that with this final episode that there are five chapters. You can dig them out of the history by clicking on my name. Also the story makes more sence if you start at the beginning,

Enjoy!

Final Chapter of "Like Mother Like Daughter".

It was later in the evening now and the alcohol was really flowing and causing other things to flow as well. I'm sure everyone was going to claim that the pool party was a great success. I say 'pool party', but because it was one of our cooler evenings not everyone was dressed to go swimming. Some of our guests were wearing shorts, mini skirts with heels and similar summer attire, though I bet most had a swimsuit on underneath.

I remember one long legged and quite stunning lady, by the name of Jill, complaining about the swimsuit under her skirt when she attempted to use the bathroom. I listened, overhearing her conversation with her friend as she'd evidently given up the struggle, not bothering to even pull the crotch aside. She was laughing about it as though it was the normal thing to do. In mid sentence, she was using her two index fingers to reach around beneath her short skirt in order to pull her swimsuit loose from her butt. I noticed that one hand lingered an extra couple seconds feeling her ass.

Lindsey and I had not been separated for more than a few seconds since her arrival earlier in the evening with her girl friends from their shopping trip. We retreated to her bedroom for a little make out session, where she enticed me to feel her pussy through her badly stained cotton panties. Venturing further back and feeling her ass, like Jill had done, I realized that she was wet most of the way up her bottom crack. She said she'd purposely peed in her friends car shortly before arriving, knowing full well the effect it would have when she sat across from me in her patio chair.

A little later, we were returning to the back yard from the kitchen when she motioned towards the outdoor bar. Her mother was standing there locked in conversation with Gale. Gale had put on a light blue sweater, trying to ward off the cool night air. It just reached her beautiful butt and did nothing to disguise the fact that she had once again let her bladder do what it wanted in her light blue swimsuit. The result was a new and larger circle of wetness that was wicking half way up her rear. I couldn't hear what she and Michelle were taking about, but I found it an incredible 'turn on' that both of these gorgeous ladies had peed themselves and could have cared less if anyone noticed.

Believe me, plenty of the guests were aware of it too. I heard little comments throughout the evening such as, «they have their nerve, just going in their pants» and «why does she always get to do that». Some of the women mentioned wetting in a swimsuit as being quite acceptable, at least on occasion. Jill even commented to her friend, «I think it's easy to get away with it, I'm rarely noticed when I'm wet like that». Michelle's pink short shorts, however, were really on display. The drying, yellow stains surrounding her puss and bottom crack were so obvious that no one could have any doubt she'd wet in her shorts. I didn't think she had consumed that much of her beverage either.

«I know you have a thing for my mother, but did you know that Gale sometimes comes over for the night. Let me tell you. Gale not only goes in her pants, but I'm sure she also wets the bed. I've seen my mom carrying the sheets to the wash. One night they arrived in a cab from some party they had been to.

Gale said that she'd wet her panties during the ride, which was all too obvious from seeing the back of her skirt. They carried on around the house for a while before retiring to my mom's bedroom. I'm not sure what they did in there, but my mother was not bothered at all with the wet bedding.»

I'd wondered why these beautiful women didn't have steady boyfriends. It didn't matter though, because I was still incredibly excited by everything they did. Thinking about how two such sexy ladies could so casually pee in their cloths, left me quite shaken and with a very swollen member.

I loved watching Michelle as she made the rounds talking to each of her guests. If someone lingered too long with their eyes glued to her crotch she would fold her hands over her puss, trying to hide what she'd done. Near the end of the evening she and Gale stopped in front of Lindsey and I, as we lounged in our chairs. They were talking to one of their guy friends.

Because she was only a couple of feet away, I had a perfect opportunity to examine Michelle's wet butt. From the rear the semi circle of wetness stretched about half way up her ass crack and about three inches outside of the double crotch band of her high cut control panties. I couldn't wait until tomorrow to check the dirty cloths bin. The soaking her little pussy was taking, must be really exciting her.

Gale, however, had turned and was facing us. With another glass of wine in her hand, I don't think she cared or may not have realized that I was eye level with the wetness in her crotch. What a sight it was too. Her one-piece swimsuit was a little old and faded. The double lined crotch material was a bit thin, which just accentuated the cleft of her swollen pussy. Her first pee, from earlier that afternoon, had dried leaving an obvious yellow stain in the shape of a semi-circle, but her most recent wetting extended a couple of inches beyond the first and was just now starting to dry.

Almost by reflex she reached down feeling her wetness and using the middle index finger of each hand to pull her suit loose to resituate it over her mound. She knew she was on display and loved it. Gale was acting like the swimsuit model that wets herself during a bikini contest, but decides she can turn her accident to her advantage and win.

Lindsey leaned over and whispered into my ear while eyeing the bulge in my pants. «My mom knows you get turned on when she wets her pants and loves the reactions she gets when other people notice. I'm sure now that I'm getting to be the same way.

Sometimes daughters are a lot like their mothers, so if you see a really cute girl with wet pants and her mother accepts it as «that's ok honey». Well you can just write it off to:

«Like Mother Like Daughter».

