She held me while I peed in the woods...

5th February 2006, 05:33 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

I joined the Uni as a freshfaced young lecturer and PhD student right in the middle of final year exams. Because I was new, wasn't involved in initial marking but I knew I was gonna be involved in final assessments later on and was starting to feel nervous. The 3 week wait felt like an eternity. The other lecturers were up to their eyes in marking and the older students were equally up to their eyes in revision, so nights out at the pub were few and far between! So I was more than happy when Nat - a girl in her final year - suggested we went mountain biking together. I didn't really know Nat too well before this; she wasn't in my department and we hadn't socialised together - aside from the huge «all Uni» dos, but we did share a mutual love of off road biking. We actually got talking when our bikes almost collided on the way in to the Union! I found out she'd finished her exams early and was going just as stir crazy as me.

We decided to take the train out of town and go cycling in the hills south of Birmingham (England, not Alabama!). The first few trips were great. Long hot summer days forgetting about study and exams - a fantastic way to de-stress. We decided to do it every day, to keep our mind off the upcoming results. We'd take food and drink and spend the whole day in the woods, and when nature called we'd just nip behind the nearest tree. God I wanted to go round the other side of the tree and watch Nat pee! But I didn't want her thinking I was a perv. I could hear her though, and the sound of her stream hitting the dry ground got the blood rushing to areas it shouldn't! It didn't help that she often used to give a running commentary as she went: "Wow, I was bursting" or "I'm peein' gallons here". Even worse was when she groaned in relief, it sounded like she was climaxing!: "Oh yes! That's fantastic!".

I'm sure she knew how much this turned me on. She'd come out from behind the tree with a big smile as she pulled up her zip. I few times I noticed her take a glance at my crotch, and her smile would get even wider as she saw a tell-tale bulge. When I peed, Nat would carry on talking to me from the other side of the tree, and as we got to know each other better as the days went by she used to ask more and more intimate questions while I peed: "Can you feel the pee flowing through it?" and "Does it ever feel like cumming?" and so on. And as her questions got sexier, I got hornier and hornier. Twice I had to wait several minutes after I peed to let my fella settle down, before I folded him, still semi erect, back into my jeans. It was now clear to both of us that we had a mutual fascination with the sexual side of peeing, but neither of us seemed to have the balls to take it to the next stage. In the end, it took a mini crisis for that to happen, and boy was I glad that it did!

It was on our fifth trip that disaster struck. We were coming down a steep hill on a narrow forest track - far too fast - when I hit a tree root. I went straight over the handlebars and landed on my outstretched hands. A searing pain shot up both arms as I hit the ground and I lay motionless on the ground in shock. The rest of the day was a blur. Nat called a taxi and we went to the nearest hospital as my wrists swelled up like balloons.

Sure enough, they were both broken, not seriously, but enough that I needed them both put in plaster casts. The next few days were terrible. Moping about my flat in pyjamas, I missed the open air, missed being out with Nat. She called round everyday to cheer me up, but I was in too much pain and frustration to be good company. Any progress on the pee/sex side of the relationship was definitely on hold! Finally, four days after the accident, things seemed to be looking up. I woke up and the pain had definitely lessened. I felt a lot better, and when Nat came round later that morning, she noticed how much more positive I seemed.

"Do you want to go out to the hills today?, it'd do you good to get out." she suggested.

I held up my plastered wrists and shot her a wry smile. "Nat, do you really think I can cycle with these?"

"Not on the bikes" she said, "I meant go for a walk. We can get the train and go as far as you feel you can. Besides, I'm wearing a skirt, so I can't use the bike anyway"

I looked down at Nat's legs. I'd never seen them before - she'd always worn jeans or tracky bottoms - you wouldn't get far on the bikes in a skirt, at least not one like Nat was wearing today! It was a tight denim job, and showed her figure off fantastically. That decided it.

"Give me five minutes Nat, I'll get dressed".

I went quickly to my bedroom, and that's where the fun began. I'd been wearing pyjamas for 4 days - as much for "ease of access" as anything else - if you catch my drift. Pulling on boxer shorts was a real struggle with solid plaster to half way down my fingers and the fingers themselves still swollen and numb. Eventually I pulled them on - after nearly falling over twice - and then picked up my jeans. Oh jeez, how was I gonna manage these? I hooked my fingers into the belt loops, and after a lot of struggling and cursing, pulled them to my waist. But the button and zipper - they were beyond me.

"You OK in there?" called Nat from the kitchen. "You're taking a while. Wanna hand?"

"Actually, yeah" I replied. "Can you help me with the zip."

Nat left the kitchen and knocked on my bedroom door. "Are you decent?"

"Well, as much as I can be."

"Shame.." she said with a smile as she opened the door.

"Now what have we here" she said, looking at my crotch with a smile. I stood and put my arms by my side. She eagerly went for my zip, and grabbed the puller.

"You seem to be coming out a bit, shall I push it back in?" she asked.

I looked down. Sure enough, in anticipation of Nat's handiwork, my dick had stiffened slightly, and was poking - inside my dark boxers - through the gap. I was embarrassed, but Nat was loving it! "Here, let me." she said, and took hold of my bell and tucked it inside, spending a lot longer than was really necessary to get it in place! Finally she patted the ridge in my jeans, pulled up the flies and did up the button. "We'll come back to that later..." she said huskily and kissed me lightly on the lips.

Eventually, we made it out of the flat and walked the short way to the station. The train took us out to the country and in no time we were walking up into the hills, the sun beating down. It was great to be out and about again, and we spent most of the time laughing! Nat was in a flirtatious mood and I was enjoying her touches especially when she pushed me up a slope by my backside cos I couldn't grab on to anything!

Eventually, after a couple of hours, nature started to call. Telling Nat I'd be a couple of minutes, I found a large tree and went round the back, but then reality hit! I couldn't undo my flies! I struggled with my plastered hands but I couldn't grab the puller on the zip. Unfortunately I'd already relaxed my bladder a minute earlier in anticipation of release and it was gonna be hard to stop things now! I felt a burst of warm liquid suddenly bathing my dick, but with a major struggle, managed to stop it getting into full flow. But what was I gonna do now? I wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer, plus, there was a growing dark patch on the front of my Jeans. Eventually, I decided I just had to carry on and hope for the best. I stepped out from behind the tree and smiled sheepishly at Nat.

«Are you OK» she asked, «did you manage with your zip OK?»

I didn't have the balls to tell her I hadn't made it! «Well, it was a struggle, but I got there in the end..» I mumbled.

I saw her eyes lower to my crotch and open wide. «Are you sure, it looks like most of it ended up in your jeans!»

I looked down. The wet patch was bigger than I thought! A large area of dark blue reached down my left leg, half way to my knee! Nat stepped forward and pressed her hand into my thigh, perilously close to my dick! «Its drenched» she said, «I tell you what, lets get back home and I'll help you change» Then she moved her hand up and placed it right on my dick! «Your pants must be soaking!, Do you want to get out of them now?»

«No its OK» I said. Nat was being blatantly sexual and I felt pretty sure she was getting randier by the second - but something in me held back. I knew that if she helped me strip right now 2 things would happen: 1) My cock, released from its bindings would let go a torrent and 2) I would almost certainly get an instant erection. Just in case I was misreading things and she was genuinely just trying to be helpful, I decided on caution.

«OK Nat, lets go back to the station. The next train is in 15 minutes and we can get this sorted back at the flat.»

But I knew I wasn't OK. I was desperate. I'd only released a small part of the pressure in my bladder. As Nat strode briskly down the slope towards the station, I held back, pressing my thighs together, bending down to reduce the pressure. Nat looked back. «You OK?» she called.

«Yeah, you carry on» I whimpered.

Nat waited as I shuffled my way down the slope. Then, a mini disaster hit: Not being able to grab any foliage as I went down the steep slope, combined with my restricted steps, I suddenly slipped and landed on my backside. I wasn't hurt, but another burst of warm liquid gushed into my boxers. Nat ran back up the slope toward me.

«Are you OK» she said, concerned. I looked up at her.

«Well, I'm not damaged, but I think I'm gonna need some help»

«OK, I'll help you get up» she said offering a hand

«It's not just that Nat...» I'd decided now there was no point resisting the inevitable. «I need to pee, I'm desperate»

Nat's eyes widened as she looked at my soaking crotch, displayed in front of her. She seemed lost for words.

«Can you help me?» I asked.

«Try and stop me» she said at last with a wicked smile, pulling me up by my elbows and leading me into the trees. She took control.

«Stand here, and let me do it all for you»

I could here her rapid breaths as she unzipped my jeans, unbuttoned them and lowered them slightly along with my boxers. Already semi erect and soaking wet, my penis sprang out, and Nat gently held it in her hand.

«OK baby, you just relax, let me look after you.»

So I relaxed. A huge torrent burst out, thundering onto the ground, hitting the leaves and twigs with force. Nat kept holding very tenderly and seemed transfixed.

«Wow» she said. «I can feel your pee flowing inside it!» She rubbed her fingers gently up and down the shaft, feeling the vibrations of the jet streaming through my member, then gently wrapped her entire hand around it. She couldn't stop a horny giggle as she looked up at me. «This is so hot, I'm holding a guy peeing!» Gingerly, she moved one finger down the shaft until the stream hit it, making it spray all over the place. She laughed again, then put her wet finger to her tongue.

«Mmmm, nice!»

Suddenly, she put her face close to my dick, put out her tongue and started to lick the shaft! «I can theel it thwough my pongue!» she laughed. Then, oh so slowly, she moved her tongue down the shaft, like she had done with her finger moments ago, until the very tip of it was hit by the stream, again spraying everywhere.

Eventually, as the stream slowed, I felt the blood start to pump into my penis. Nat pulled her head back and watched as it started to twitch upward, filling and swelling rapidly. She put her hand to it again, and this time took a firmer hold, instinctively knowing how much pressure to apply. Our hearts were both pumping like express trains and we were both breathing heavily.

«Do you want me to pee for you now?» she asked with a dry throat, looking up into my eyes. It was all I could do to nod.

She stood up and unzipped her short skirt, slid it down to her ankles, and kicked it off with her feet. Standing in her pale blue panties, she moved her legs apart slightly, then put her hand between her legs and in one slow move rubbed the full length of her pussy from back to front, finally grabbing her panties by the waistband and stretching them over her crotch.

Next, she hooked her thumbs into her panties on either side of her hips and, oh so sexily, slid them down and stepped out of them. Looking behind her, she saw a large fallen tree trunk and sat herself down on it, then spreading her legs wide, she leant back slightly and revealed her pink swollen vulva. Immediately a golden rod of pee powered into the ground. She moaned in pleasure, then looked intently into my eyes. As I watched, she put her hand to her clitoris and started to rub, gently at first then harder, in circular motions. Her pee stream swang about as she rubbed, and I couldn't help smiling, as I in turn rubbed my hand up and down my rock solid penis.

«Fuck me» she mouthed silently, still staring into my eyes.

As her stream slowed, I stepped forward, dropped to my knees and aimed my cock at her soaking pussy. She reached forward, and guided me into her. The feeling was indescribable.

Then she put both hands round my hips and onto my bum, and pulled me hard inside her aching vagina. I could see her nipples through her thin T-shirt, sticking out like peanuts.

I started thrusting deeply, watching her body shake with each push, until finally I pumped several jets of sperm into her, almost shouting with the ecstasy of it. Then, as she continued rubbing her clit, I caressed her breasts, until finally she froze, and let out a loud moan as her vagina spasmed in orgasm.

After a few minutes to recover, we made our way down the slope and caught the next train home. We'd both learned more in that day than a whole year of lectures.

