Unexpected pee party (fictional)

1st February 2005, 08:28 PM

Author: Azmodan

Location: The Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 7

Author : Azmodan - The Lord of Sins

Name : Unexpected pee party (fictional)

Subjects : Pee

Written : November 23rd, 2003

I have had mediocre wedding with a mediocre wife and ditto family, an average house and average sex. Nothing special, until my wife ran away with the manager of the company where she worked in the morning. There I was, 41 years of age, a daughter of 15 and a son of 14, two cats, a dog and a canary in a common house in a newly built neighbourhoud and I had never felt more lonely and deserted. Out of despair I took up cycling again and let off steam during my daily long rides in the evening hours, wearing myself out during each tour.

I rode almost the same route everyday through a large recreational area with a lake and woods near my hometown. Trying to cycle a few kilometers further every day. Each day I passed roughly the same people on my tour, however one person I looked forward to passing more than the rest. It was a woman of about 20, jogging in a yellow fluorescent outfit. She did not really have an athletic figure, more filled out then usual, making things sway around. I slowed down everytime I rode toward her to try and keep her in sight as long as possible. The lack of sex gave me a boner everytime I saw her, which clearly showed in my tight cyclingoutfit.

One day I was struck by bad luck. I got a flat tire near my home. I drove home, quickly changed it, discarded the old one and rode on. After a few kilometers on my way back I had a second flat and was not prepared for that to happen. I was preparing to make the long walk home on my unconfortable cyclingshoes, when I saw that woman in the distance running toward me. When she was near me, she slowed her pace and reviewed the situation. She stopped next to me and asked me about my troubles. My penis started to swell inside my shorts, making the crotch swell.

"You seem to be having a problem, I believe", she said while looking at my flat tire. "I think so too", I respondend. "My bigest problem however is the fact, that I have to walk home." She looked at me compasionately and said "I few kilometers away is a carpark, where I left my car. Since cars are not allowed here, you'll have to walk to it and then I'll drive you home if you'd like." I readily accepted and walk with my bike on my shoulders toward the carpark, as I saw her jogging off in that direction.

After a half an hour walk I saw her standing next to an old VW Polo. We put the bike in the back, after which I had to excuse myself. The frequent drinking of water had filled up my bladder during the walk and I didn't think I'd make it to my house before emptying it. I walked behind some bushes, pulled down my shorts and relieved myself. After a while I noticed she was standing behind me! "Nothing is more beautifull to me then the sight of a peeing man!", she said. I continued to pee. When she noticed I had nothing against her watching me, she got closer and grabbed hold of my peeing dick.

Because no woman had touched it for a while, my member started to become stiff even while I was peeing. This made it harder for me to finish and the stream became a trickle. She dropped to her knees opened her mouth and took my still peeing penis into her mouth, drinking its last drops. She licked it clean and then re-inserted it into her mouth. She was so good at it and I had not had any physical contact with a female in a long time, that I felt my semen rushing up after a very short time. Now, after peeing into her mouth, I ejaculated as well. Moaning I spewed my cum into her mouth, which she drank like it was my pee. She got up and kissed me on the mouth, which made me taste both my sperm as a vague taste of urine, and walked back to her car. I pulled up my shorts and followed her.

On the way home, I couldn't keep my eyes of her beautiful body in that tight, yellow suit. When we arrived at my house, I unloaded the bike and I offerted her a drink. "If you will make a cup of tea, I will.", she said. I thought that to be an excellent idea, even though I had another drink in mind. We went inside and I went into the kitchen to put the kettle on. She followed me and while we were waiting for the water to bil, she asked me if I lived alone. I told her my story and that my children were at their mother's for a month. We walked back into the livingroom with two mugs of tea.

When we had settled on the couch, I asked her about herself. "I'm not in a relationship at the moment, no", she said, "I'm a bit strange to most people and rather to myself. Occasionally I meet up with men to satisfy my sexual needs, but nothing steady." We got along so well and had such a good conversation, that it became later and later and after some mugs of tea, we poured ourselves a drink. It was still a good conversation, but now we went into more intimate details. Ineke, that was her name, told me that her independance was not the only reason that she was still single. Her strange sexual desires had more to do with that. Remembering the scene from that evening, I jumped at the occasion to ask for more details. Probably due to the alcohol, she told me her story. At young age, she had discovered the joys of masturbation, but switched to intimate contacts with boys when that did not satisfie her needs.

That in the end did not give her the satisfaction she need. Then one day, she got home from school and had to wait for the bus for a very long time. She had a very full bladder and when she arrived home, she made it to the toilet, but when she bent over to pull her trousers down, it was too late and she wet herself. Instead of embarrasement she felt a horny feeling coming over her. She masturbated through her trousers making herself orgasm three times while urine was dripping down her legs. From that moment on she started to experiment and turned every time she had to relieve herself into a small, but true sexparty.

Diapers, platics shorts, panty's withouth nickers, in the bathtub, in the shower, in the forest, anywhere and anytime she could! She had confided into her best girlfriend, who had labeled it as dirty and sick. That did not stop her from doing it, though, not even when she grew older. Whenever she had a boyfriend, she told them about her wishes, but none wanted to participate. She then stopped telling and stuck to normal sex with men, keeping the peeing games to herself. "So why I'm telling you all this, I don't know", she concluded her tale. "Probably because I sucked on your peeing penis.", she smiled.

"Then what would you like to do to a man?", I asked. She blushed. "I'd love to be peed on, with a stream of urine directed into my slit. Or I pee on him, or we both pee while we are fucking or even I pee when I get my arse fucked. My biggest wish is to do it with three guys at the same time... As long as there's pee, I'd love to try!" Although I was one man, I'd like to try the things she had proposed. I had really enjoyed the adventure we had and even though I had no experiences in that area, it hadn't turned me off and I'd love to do it again. While taking her into my arms, I told her so and kissed her on the lips. Excited about my response she kissed me right back and together we walked to my bathroom. I have a spacy and luxurious bathroom, which would come in quit good right now. While I spread out some thick towels To lie down on comfortably, she undressed quickly waiting for me to do the same.

My God, was she beautiful, her toned body with firm breast, her bald pussy, everything. She had probably shaved of all her pubic hair, because of hygiene, but it was a beautiful cunt to see. We first took a long shower and made sure to drink lots of water to fill up our bladders even more. The tea and drinks had done their jobs, but we wanted the supply to last. We washed each other thouroughly and got pretty aroused already. "I'm ready to burst, honey, please lie down", I asked her. She quickly lay down on the towels, spread her legs and opened up her glistening pussy. I grabbed hold of my semi-hard penis, concentrated and produced a nice arc aimed at her slightly opened labia. She started to fingerfuck and rub her clit vigorously with my pee and moaned loudly. I managed to stop my flow, so I wouldn't dry out to early, while she contiued to rub herself. Then all of a sudden she scuirmed and reached her first orgasm. She turned over and sat up on hands and knees.

"Now fuck me in the arse", she commanded.

Although I had never done that before, I instincitely spat into her crack, lubing her arse up and the same for my boner. With some more saliva I lubed my finger and insterted it into her tight tube. When she relaxed removed my finger and pushed my dick into it. Slowly but steadily I advanced. She must have had more experiences with this, because she could take my penis without any sigh or moan from pain.

When I had put the length of it in, I reached down and started to rub her labia and clitoris. Not long after she moaned "Keep at it, I'm peeing and cumming!" Soon my hand became wet from a stream of her hot pee, after which she orgasmed for the second time. What a horny bitch she was. While I kept on fucking her arse, I licked her pee from my fingers. After a few seconds she fell forward, so my dick popped out of here hot hole. "Lie down on your back", she whispered. I lay down on the towels and realised I was now lying down in my own urine. I didn't mind a bit and was eager to see what would happen next.

"Are you ready for it?", she said while standing over me. "Sure", I replied, thinking she would stand and pee over my abdomen. Boy, was I wrong. She squatted down, took my penis and inserted it into her hot and wet pussy. She started to ride me fiercely and soon I realised she pissed on me at the same time. "This is so hot!", I said to her. The feeling was indiscribable. The wetness of her pee, the heat of her cunt and the pulsating of her muscles made me realise I was about to cum again today.

As I warned her of this, she stuttered back "I'm cumming again for the third time, yes, yes, oh, ohoh, ooooohhhh, YES!" Several seconds later I felt the semen rushing down my member and ejaculating into her pulsating cunt. The release of my semen and the pressure of her sitting on my belly brought my attention to my bladder, which was still relatively full. "What do you want me to do now, Ineke?" She clenched her muscles and replied "Let go, please". I emptied my bladder inside her hot cunt, feeling the pressure inside building until she burst and my own pee flowed back down over me.

She stood up, bent down and licked my now limp member completely clean. She made sure her pussy was close to my face. "Are YOU ready for it?", she asked. "We can only try"

"OK, here it comes." She had no trouble whatsoever relieving herself. The flood of diluted pee hit me right in the face. I shoved over a little, opened my mouth and tasted the wealth of urine for the first time in my life and loved it. The combinated of tasting her pee, the sight of her bald pussy over my face and the warmth of her tongue all over my penis got me erect again. "Please hold some back", I asked. "Why? Do you want me to pee on your hardon?". Her flow turned into a trickle and stopped. "Yes, at the moment I will reach my orgasm."

"Kinky boy!", she replied. She continued her work on my penis with tongue and hands. "Oh God, here I cum again!", I shouted. Quickly she got up, squatted over my penis and targeted a hard and steady stream directly onto my frenulum and meatus. The heat of her pee and the spur of the moment sent me over the edge, making me cum for the third time that day, without me touching it. I was impressed by the load I had produced, after all I had cum two times earlier that day.

Ineke sat on my in 69 position again. "Lick me clean, I'll do the same". I enjoyed the last drops from her labia, ensuring it was completely devoid of any pee. She did the same to me and swallowed my cumload at the same time. I even managed to make her cum one more time. We then took a shower, cleaned up the bathroom and got dressed. We enjoyed a cup of coffee, talked some more and made an appointment for another time. We met several times more endulging in pee games at her apartement. It did not become a true relationship, but we have had some very good times together.

Enjoyed this story? [pm me] with your comments and wishes. Who knows, I might write some more...

