My own Mrs Robinson (part 2)

14th December 2010, 05:45 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Mrs Robinson part 2

It proved to be almost impossible to get any time alone with Irene over the next two days, the odd surprise at the kitchen sink, when I came up behind her and gave her a playful tickle "don't, I'll pee myself" she whispered, "and I'll lick you clean" I replied grinning... "oh behave" she said, and the look in her eye seemed quizzical..."penny for them" I said " Irene looked as though she was struggling to find the words " I'm not sure how to put this" she said eventually " but over the years I've come across a couple of men who are not totally repulsed by the idea of me wetting the bed, I've even met one or two who were happy to watch me pee, but its more than that with you isn't it, you actually love the idea, and you're absolutely the first who wanted to lick me after I've peed"

"yup" I replied " I love it all, watching, playing, tasting, getting peed on, peeing on girls, seeing girls wet themselves, the whole nine yards" a long pause followed then eventually she said " and you think it's quite normal?"

"good god no, if it was quite normal I wouldn't have been called a sick perv and loads of other things by girls I've suggested it to... but I DO think it's natural and I wish more people could be more open about the idea" Irene seemed pleased my my answer and admitted that she loved the idea of real wet play, but had thought she was somehow mentally sick. I assured her that if she was, then she wasn't alone as I'd come across one or two others, she pressed me for details, but just then Chris bounced into the kitchen grinning..."you two look very serious"...

"We were just having a deep philosophical discussion about the impact of abnormal behaviour on society at large" I said, Chris grinned "any particular aspect?"... "well, your mother wanted to know my thoughts on the oedipus complex and whether young men really could find comfort and sexual gratification at the hands of an older woman" Chris looked blank for a second and then laughed, "god you're as bad as she is, I see it hasn't taken you long to take the piss" Indeed not" I replied " its really nice to be around people who can take it as well as dish it out" Chris didn't see his mother give me a swift kick in the shins... "Join the family" he said.

"Right, what's on for today" Chris asked, Irene smiled " well I thought that as its Julie and Phils last full day here and Pete and Samantha leave on Friday, we may have a small party, and I mean a SMALL party, here tonight, just the family and a couple of the local young folk...no more than half a dozen...OK?" Chris looked pleased, Irene added "and I suppose you'll want to invite Penny, just so long as we're talking about the oedipus complex"

"Mummm!!" Chris said "she's only 22", " Ehhhm, I think you'll find thats 24 Chris"... "whatever" Chris said. Irene went on to tell me that Penny had been a fixture in Chris's life since he was born, she was fascinated by him, helped Irene change his nappy, and when they were older they would play on the beach together, Chris would follow her everywhere, "still does" she grinned.

Chris looked slightly embarrassed and asked me if it would be ok if he abandoned me for a bit tonight. I began to see Irene's plan "no prob mate" I said " I'm sure someone will talk to me" Irene found us and said " I'll need help getting the things for the party, and I'm not asking your cousins because it's their last day together"

"but mum", Chris said, "I have to find Penny and ask her about the party, and its going to be the last chance to ski before dad gets here, unless you'll let me drive the boat".. "you know the rules Chris, no under 21's allowed to drive the boat, you're not insured and its not safe" I said that I didn't mind helping to get the things for the party, and I didn't really fancy bouncing around at high speed across the bay, my stomach felt a little dodgy, but I might snorkel a bit later and he could join me then.

"You're sure thats ok?" Chris asked, " absolutely no trouble, you run off and find mummy Penny and I'll go and lug party stuff back from town" Chris looked at his mother, "oh go on Chris, but you owe Martin big time for this, he's being very nice, but I'm sure the last thing he wants to do is traipse into town with an old lady and discuss party food all morning" I played along, and told them both not to worry, and that since Irene wouldn't take any money for food, the very least I could do was to help around a bit.

So half an hour later, Chris disappeared to find Penny, and Irene and I set off in the car, bound for town. We hadn't gone more than a couple of miles when Irene started to fidget, "something wrong" I grinned " I forgot to pee before we left" she said, and pressed a hand into her crotch, squeezing her thighs together..." I don't believe you forgot for one second" I said, and reached over to give her tummy a press. "don'tttttt" she whined, "I'll wet myself" and saying this she pulled the car over to the side of the road and yanked on the handbrake.

I quickly unfastened my seatbelt, leaned over and planted my hand firmly in her crotch and began to rub and squeeze. "stop it, I'll pee", she said, " Just a little" I replied, I pulled her dress up and put my hand on the crotch of her knickers..." go on... just a little bit" I said, and seconds later I felt a warm, wet patch under my palm which I proceeded to knead and rub into her pussy, "I've got to go NOW" she said and opened the car door, rushing as fast as she could with thighs pressed together and a hand firmly wedged against her pussy.

Of course I was right behind her, she stopped next to a seat in a secluded little alcove just off the path to the sea. Irene took a quick look round, and seeing no one about, squatted quickly, hiked up her dress and pulling her panties to one side let out a huge stream of piss, I hunkered down to get a good view of a solid piss stream hissing out of her firey red haired pussy. Quickly I put my hand in the stream and cupped the piss as it flooded out, then lifted my fingers to my lips and licked them, then did it again and offered them to Irene, as the last spurts left her, Irene took my finger into her mouth and sucked on it hard, and then the next finger and so on until my hand was dry. "thats the first time I've tasted pee"

"Really?" I replied, "well I hope it won't be the last"...

The rest of the morning was quite boring, we really did discuss what they were going to have at the party, Irene wanted to make a huge vat of chilli and jacket potatoes but I managed to disuade her, its summer I told her, "people will just want finger food, small sandwiches, sausage rolls, things like that, anway if you make chilli, you'll have to be around to heat it, and serve it up, and you shouldn't be stuck in the kitchen, I was rather hoping we might be able to slip away for an hour or so". so we bought a load of crisps, peanuts and other assorted 'snacky' things and an absolute mountain of beer, lager and cider. After a quick pub lunch, "just a lemonade for me" Irene said, I returned from the bar with a pint glass filled to the brim and she was just about to object when she caught my eye and said "mmm if I drink all this, I'll be peeing all afternoon" then she took two huge gulps and started on her sandwich.

We left the pub as soon as Irene had finished her drink, she looked at the toilet in the car park and said, it'll be the first time ever I've left this car park without going for a wee. Fifteen minutes later we were approaching the spot where we'd screetched to a halt on the outward journey and Irene said " Would you like to stop and stretch your legs for minute or two"

"Well, I don't know about stretching my legs, but I wouldn't mind UN-stretching my bladder" I said, so Irene parked the car and we set off down the path to the beach. We passed the seat where we'd stopped earlier and walked all the way almost to the beach, stopping in some very convenient sand dunes. We lay side by side, I kissed her neck and ran my hand up her leg to her knickers, slipping my hand inside, I teased my fingers through her furry pussy, up and down her very slippery slit and as I gently inserted a finger inside her, Irene let out a small spurt of pee, then pulling her dress up and out of the way, let out a long slow stream whilst I gently massaged her clit.

I stopped and pulled her on top of me, "can you still pee?" I asked, and without saying anything, she positioned herself over the bulge in my jeans, pressed her damp crotch against me and pissed hard, the feeling was incredible, warm and deliciously wet, soaking me up to my waist. She stopped finally, then rubbed herself against me, making a humming noise. "your turn" she said, "what would you like me to do?" I asked. hesitantly she asked "would you pee on my pussy?"

I stood while Irene bunched her dress well out of the way and took off her knickers, bending her knees, she spread her legs wide. I took my cock out, and when it had softened enough, I started to piss, quickly taking aim, I directed my stream first on her clit and then her gaping hole, Irene grabbed her thighs and lifted her bum off the sand and I once again pissed in her hole and over her little bumhole, she let go of her thighs and as I directed my stream back to her clit, she frigged it furiously, cumming just after I forced out the last dribbles, I knelt between her legs, licking her pee and mine off her thighs and pussy, sucking it out of her luxurient fur, she was just giving my stiffening cock a well deserved suck when we heard voices below us, coming from the beach so we quickly re-arranged our clothes and headed back towards the car.

My jeans were completely soaked above the knee and despite her best efforts, Irene's dress was drenched too. We giggled our way back to the car and after arranging a couple of plastic carrier-bags on the seats, headed back to the cottage. "what are we going to do if someone sees us back at the cottage, if anyone is there I'll just pour a bit of cider over us and we can pretend a bottle exploded or something. However back at the cottage, no one was about and a note on the kitchen table read

'had lunch, taking the boat round to Rhoscolyn, back around four Chris xxx'

Irene grabbed my hand and led me to her room, unzipping my jeans she stripped them completely off along with my briefs, then pulled my tee shirt off over my head. She kissed me fleetingly on the lips then kissed her way down my neck and chest pausing to give my nipple a gentle bite which sent goose pimples down my arms, then finally she kissed the tip of my cock, then took almost the whole length into her mouth and began to suck hard, gently grazing her teeth over the sensitive glans, after a very short time I was close to cumming so I lifted Irene's damp dress over her head, unfastened her bra and pushed her gently back onto the bed.

Pulling her sopping panties off, I spread her legs and once again lapped at her pussy. Grabbing a couple off towels off the dresser I spread them double thickness over the bed, Irene lifting her bum up so I could put the towels under her, then after a final lick I sank my throbbing cock slowly into her. Pausing for a second to feel her wetness against my shaft I started to pump slowly in and out, varying the depth of penetration and speed of thrust I pounded away for perhaps three or four minutes, then after feeling a hot spurt hit my cock I couldn't hang on any longer, the familiar feeling of impending orgasm was on me, "I'm going to cum" I hissed. "Cum inside me, cum deep inside my wet cunt" she whispered and obligingly I did just that, it felt like a gallon of cum was spewing into her pussy. I lay on top of her for perhaps a minute and said "you used the 'C' word, I thought girls never did that"

"I don't" she replied only when I'm very horny. "Are you still horny" I asked "a little maybe" I kissed her nipples, returning the gentle bite which illicited a soft "ohh", then licked down to her pussy, sucking on her clit, I inserted two fingers inside her and began a rapid finger fuck, as I felt her muscles start to tighten and spasm on my fingers I moved my lips to her pee hole and started some gentle sucking. Seconds later her back arched, her pussy muscles nearly broke my fingers and a jet of pee shot right to the back of my mouth, followed by a second, and then a third. Finally Irene clamped her knees tightly together and pushed me away."No more, stop it" she gasped breathlessly, her thighs still trembling. I lay beside her, kissing her lips gently until she regained composure. She propped herself up on one elbow and planted a gentle kiss on the end of my nose, giving my cock a hard squeeze, she said, "put him away before one of you kills me"

Irene disappeared off to shower, and wrapping a slightly moist towel around me, I went upstairs to do the same and get some fresh clothes.

When the others came back they found Irene and me buttering bread, "oh dear" Julie said "I feel very guilty, Have you two been hard at it all afternoon?"... not all afternoon, I thought to myself, we've been making sandwiches for the last half an hour.

