The Apprentice Pisser Part 2 (Naughty Pissing)

10th July 2010, 06:44 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Okay, here's part 2. I thought I'd get the controverial task out of the way first. If you don't like 'naughty pissing' you probably won't like this and may wish to stop reading now. As a recognised genre of our shared fetish, I felt it should definitely be a task, however. By the way, thanks to the 3 people who have given feedback on part 1. If anyone is enjoying this, please do post, as it will encourage me to keep going

The Apprentice Pisser Episode 1 Part 2

The camera cut back to Sophie: "Okay girls, the very best of luck to all of you. I'm going to divide you into two teams to start with. So we have Lucy, Helen, Erica, Nicolette and Tori, who will be known as 'The Champagne Soakers' and on the other team lets have Kimberley, Tammi, Michelle, Jaime and Angela: 'Golden Rain'

"The rules are that the winning team captain is exempt the following week, and also gets a little bonus prize (more of which later in the show), and on the losing team someone will be fired. Like on the apprentice you'll get to stay in a gorgeous house. It has some lovely bedrooms, and yes, of course, it does have toilets..but don't feel you have to use them, girls"

"Helping me decide the contestants fate are my two assistants, Maggie and Collette. Inside the Piss Apprentice House will be our roving reporter Sharon.

Lets crack on with the first game. This week we're going to focus on naughty pissing. over to you, Maggie".

Maggie was in her late 30s but clearly looked after herself. Her slim body and wrinkle-free complexion meant she could easily have passed for younger. She had medium length brunette hair, and wore a soft-green blouse that accentuated her figure wonderfully:

"Lets face it, peeing in a toilet is normal and boring. And our apprentice pisser cannot be either of those things. It can also be a complete waste of time. If you're swimming in the local swimming pool, why on earth would you go to the trouble of dragging yourself out to walk all the way to the toilet, when you could just let go where you are".

Collette was a red head in her 30s. She was curvy almost to the pooint of plumpness but carried herself in such a confident way that she just oozed sexiness. She had on a black and grey figure hugging dress: "It's naughty and sexy, and some naughty pissers get off even more on the discomfort and annoyance it may cause others."

Maggie: "That's controversial, though, as some excellent pissers think peeing anywhere that inconveniences others is off limits. When you're a Pissing Expert you can make your mind up, but for today you've got to show you can pee in naughty places"

Collette: "and for this task, the naughtier the better. Each team member must do at least one naughty piss during the course of the day, and the evidence must be captured on video. Tomorrow morning we'll meet here, and allocate a points score to each naughty piss. The team with the higher score wins and and on the losing team, someone will be fired".

Maggie: So go for it..truly nothing is of limits, see what you can do. Anything but use a toilet

This last remark was still hanging in the air, as Maggie pushed her blue jeans and black knickers down to her ankles. Crouching purposefully she immediately began to piss like a racehorse onto the studio floor. Hot golden liquid sprayed over the tiled floor, as she skillfuly directed her spray in carefree wide-arcs. She achieved great distance and Michele had to step swiftly out of the way as lazy rivulets of fresh piss wound their way to where she had just been standing.

As the camera focussed on her Maggie laughed: " Well I always like to lead by example. Good luck girls..."

Back at the house the two teams headed to separate rooms and began debating.

In Champagne Soakers

Helen said "Anyone else really into naughty pissing?" There was no response "Okay, I'm fine to be captain then" she said and no-one disagreed. "Okay what experience do we have"

"Well, I've never pissed anywhere naughty before" said Nicolette "I've pissed in the shower" offered Tori

"No No No" said Helen, we need to think much bigger than that. No matter how long it takes, we're going to aim high"

On 'Golden Rain' there were no inital volunteers for captain. After ten minutes debate and avoidance, Michelle said "I hadn't volunteered as I know nothing about naughty pissing, but if no-one wants to lead, I'm happy to do it. Where could we pee that was naughty? We haven't much time, so we'll go for simple targets. We don't want to run out of time"

The next day in the board room, the two teams handed their DVDs over. Sophie inserted the one marked 'Golden Rain'

The first clip showed Kimberley in a bus stop on a very quiet street and was clearly shot early in the morning. Kimberey was dressed in a short flowing black skirt. Whilst Tammi kept look out, Kimberley lifted her skirt with one hand, and pulled her dark green panties to the side and began to piss over the bus shelter seat. She had prepared well, and showed no signs of nerves and delivered a powerful jet that lasted for more than 25 seconds. The seat was left covered in splashes of hot piss, as the rest of the wee puddled on the floor. "I can't believe you just did that" grinned Tammi. They ran off and the film cut to...

A lift in car park. Michelle, the team captain was working solo. She got in the lift, pressed the 'close' button, and as soon as the doors shut, she lifted her white skirt, holding her black knickers out of harms way. She managed to spray strong yellow pee for a good ten seconds before the lift stopped at a floor, leaving a nice puddle of wee in the corner of the lift. She replaced her garments just as the lift doors opened, and a middle aged man in a suit got in.

Next: Jaime, in a public toilet cubicle. Having removed her blue jeans and white thong It took ages for her to begin, and when eventually she did go, managed only a few dribbles over the toilet seat and cubicle floor. "Was that any good?" she asked Angela did not look impressed but said "Yes, great, you did fine, I'll back you up"...fade to...

Tammi, in a red public telephone box, crouched down, her black dress up round her waist, and her black thong held to one side, sprayed an excellent hard spray over the telephone receiver and continued her naughty wee over the sides and floor of the phone box. "Not bad for a beginner eh" she called to lookout Kimberley (fade to)

Angela in a changing room at 'Next'. Squatting, with her black jeans and panties pushed right down to her ankles, she began to wee. She wore an expression of relief and contentment as she soaked the floor with her almost clear jet. "Wow, what an adrenaline rush!" she whispered to Jaime.

The film ended, and the camera focussed across to Helen, the opposing team captain. As her team's DVD was inserted, she looked quietly confident

(to be continued)

If you are enjoying this, please let me know....

