On Holiday Now (Pt 3)

8th April 2011, 04:29 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

I awoke saturday morning with an arm around my waist, then I remembered where I was and who I was with.

I layed there for a little while and a soft voice suddenly said, did you sleep well? Her arm moved from my waist to my back and with fingers as soft as a feather she began to tickle all over my shoulders, back and butt. It sent shivers down my spine.

I turned over and we both smiled at one another. We had a little kiss and I ran my fingers through her soft hair. Then the bedroom door opened.

Her friend entered with just a pair of pink panties on, a smile on her face holding two cups of coffee. It was 10.30 she said. We all sat on the bed chatting for a while whilst we drank our coffee. Not a word was uttered about our games from the night before, it seemed surreal in many ways and as though we were just normal friends who had known one another for a long time.

By mid day I was out again on the balcony, although the weather was not cold there was this day no sun, just clouds. So no sunbathing today. I smoked a couple of cigarettes and went back inside and read for about half an hour when the door bell rang.

It was K and T (these are their initials) T was holding a tray with some open sandwiches on it, it looked nice and I was a little hungry. We talked about going out that evening and they asked if I would take them to a club down in Fenguirola, of course I said. In fact we never did go out that evening as K was not feeling too good, and T would not leave her on her own feeling that way, so I went out on my own for a couple of hours.

Sunday:

I got up and looked out the window and it was cloudy once again. I opened the sliding door and it was still quite warm. They must have heard me slide my door open because as soon as I opened it T came out and said good morning. I asked how K was feeling and she said that she felt OK. T said that they had both decided to go for Sunday lunch about 1.00pm.

She asked if I was doing anything during that afternoon, as I had nothing planned I said no, nothing special, why? How about a bottle of wine or two and having some fun she replied. Oh, what kind of fun are we talking about here I asked, she just laughed.

Sunday afternoon about 4.30pm they returned to their apartment and within ten minutes the door bell rang. It was T, she was alone holding a bottle of white wine. I opened the wine and asked where K was and T relpied that she was a having a little sleep as she felt tired.

We sat for a while just chatting about nothing in particular. She asked me out of the blue if I was wearing panties again, yes I said, I told you that I usually wear them most days. Can I see them she asked, so I got up from the sofa and stripped down to my white panties and stood right up close in front of her. Her hands came up around my butt and she felt the silk under her hands, gradually she pulled her hands round to the front where my stiff cock was standing out. She began to stroke it under my panties and she said you look so sexy wearing those, I never thought that kind of thing would turn me on she added.

I gently pulled her up from the sofa and we began to kiss and fondle one another. I started to take her top off, then her bra. She really does have a nice pair of breasts. She then told me that she had been drinking a lot of water during the day and that she had only been to the bathroom twice, once in the morning when she got up, and then again just before lunchtime. She wanted to piss she said.

How badly do you want to piss I asked, she said quite badly but she could hold it for a while longer. Good I said hold it for as long as you can until you think your bladder is going to burst. We sat and she talked about pissing herself in her panties. She said that she had never done it before. When you feel you really cannot hold on lets go into the bathroom and in the bath and you can piss all over me if you wish.

Another five minutes and she got up and said I really do have to piss now. We went into the bathroom and got in the bath, I laid down between her legs looking up at her blue panties, just waiting fer a golden shower of pee. I saw that she was struggling to let it go so I said to her just relax your body and let it all flow from you. I could see that she was tense and I could feel it in her legs. I just talked to her quietly and softly and after about a minute a little trickle came, a little wet patch in her knickers. Then slowly at first it started to come.

Dribble by dribble until it flowed from her I could just about see that her panties were now soaking wet and the pee was running down her legs. She was gusshing by now. And most of it was going all over me. In my mouth, in my hair and on my face, it tasted sooooo good. I drank and drank as much as I could of her lovely tasting piss. When she finished she laughed and said that it felt strange pissing in her panties.

She asked me to get out of the bath and onto the floor, so I did. Wondering of course what she had in mind. I laid down on the bathroom floor and she then stepped out of the bath and sat right on my face, she was rubbing her soaking wet panties right over my mouth saying drink my piss, suck my panties dry. Did I need telling, err, no.

I sucked them until there was nothing tasty left. I then moved her panties to one side and started to lick her saturated cunt. First I began to run my tongue around her clit then I darted my tongue quickly in and out of her vagina a couple of times, then back to her clit agin. She was groaning and swearing saying for fucks sake don't stop don't stop.

She was groaning quite loudly when she finally cum, she had an orgasm that seemed to last for ages. I sucked her cunt and tasted all her lovely cum, I drank quite a lot of it, it tasted so nice I did not want her to stop cumming, lol.

We both got back in the bath and put the plug in and ran some water. We laid in the hot water for ages looking at one another and just talking very quietly, enjoying the moments that we were sharing. We washed on another until we were clean and then had a nice hot shower.

Both of us sat back on the sofa with a glass of wine talking of her new experiences. She said that she had never ever thought of doing anything like that before, and that how much she enjoyed it. She also said that K wanted to try it once to see if she liked it. So we arranged that I would go in the next morning.

I thought that they leaving on the Monday, but no they said they were not leaving until the Tuesday evening. that kind of made me happy, lol.

