Libby's Roadside Experience

29th August 2012, 12:21 PM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

This story is based on a true story, with a few descriptive embellishments and names changed to protect the not-so-innocent.

Mike and Libby had been going out a while, but had not been to the cinema in ages. After watching a great new comedy they made their way out of the cinema laughing and talking about how much they both loved the film.

In the back of Libby's mind she knew she had to pee but the cinema was closing up and everyone seemed to be herded straight out the door, without passing the toilets on the way. As they walked to Mike's car Libby reassured herself that home was only half an hour away and she could wait, unfortunately, when she felt the seatbelt press against her, her bladder began to disagree.

The conversation between the couple was light and airy, while the feeling in Libby's bladder was anything but. She turned to Mike, "God, I need a wee, It's my own stupid fault, I should have gone in the cinema". They both knew it was late at night and there was nowhere open at this time. "It's alright" said Mike, "home isn't far now".

As the journey continued down winding country roads the conversation and laughter began to wear thin. Libby's beautiful brown eyes started to carry a pained expression as she fiddled with her belt and began to run her thumb under the waistband of her jeans, she sighed - "God this is bad, I really need a piss, it's hurting now - please drive fast!"

As Mike drove through a village, he felt sympathy for Libby's situation spotting a layby ahead "Look, this is the last layby I know of, forget all the ladylike shit, do you want me to pull over so you can go?"

Libby hesitated for around 15 seconds, there was an awkward silence, it was almost too late when Libby turned to Mike and in a quick almost robotic fashion replied "Yeah.. pull over". As Mike slammed the brakes and swung into the layby, Libby undid her seatbelt, then her belt, then the button on her dark blue jeans...

"I hope no one sees me, I don't want to get arrested" whimpered Libby. Mike laughed "You won't get arrested, Silly! Eighty quid fine tops" as Libby opened the back and front passenger doors, and stood between the doors "Well, I don't want that either, most expensive wee of my life" replied Libby as she pushed down her jeans and knickers in one deft movement...

As soon as Libby's bits touched the cool night air, a torrent sprung forth, splattering on the gravel - she knew she could not have waited another minute. She exhaled heavily and Mike was surprised to see she seemed to be pushing it out, which added to the pressure, splattering her shoes. The pissing continued for quite some time and Mike had never seen anything like it, sure, he'd seen girlfriends wee before but Libby's performance was remeniscent of a pressure washer/fire extinguisher..

She had been peeing for around thirty seconds now, but was not slowing down. Again she sighed heavily "Oh my Gooood, it just won't stop - why is it that when you go outside it always takes fucking ages". Mike didn't know how to answer that question but used it as an excuse to turn his head and have a good look at the scene unfolding while mumbling some reply. Libby was smiling now, and while she felt a little embarrassed by the cars whizzing by, she had begun to really enjoy her relief. Mike could not see her too clearly by the interior light of the car but he could see certain things - her high heels with rivulets of piss snaking its way around them, her landing strip her sparkly eyes, her facial expression, her sheepish grin. There was a lump in Mike's throat and a rock-hard lump in his trousers, for some reason he found all this incredibly arousing.

As her stream finally began to subside Libby cut off her stream quickly and frantically pulled her clothing up "Shit! It's the cops"

As she sat down and put her seatbelt back on she could not help but notice the buldge in Mike's jeans...

"It's not the cops, it's a taxi" replied Mike, in an almost patronising way - her level of paranoia was excessive given the situation (dark country road, middle of the night)

"Oh shit, that's annoying - I didn't get to finish my piss, can you pull over here?"

Mike pulled over under a dissused railway bridge which he had forgotten about, this location afforded more privacy. Mike's heart pounded as he saw Libby walk to HIS side of the car and open the doors. Libby squatted down again and sighed as she released a twenty second dribble into the grass. Mike was very excited by all this going on in such close proximity and could not resist staring at Libby's crotch. "Are you trying to look at my fanny?" giggled Libby, in a girly, coquettish way which suggested that he was more than welcome to look.

"Did it turn you on seeing me do that?" asked Libby as she pulled up her clothes. Mike was red in the face and for some reason was just about to deny it. "Don't lie, be honest, your dick's being honest look". Leaning into the car, Libby ran her hands across Mike's buldge and unzipped him, freeing his rock hard member. Mike's dick was indeed being very honest, it ached for attention...

"You've been so sweet about this and I know you won't tell anyone" whispered Libby, gazing up into Mike's eyes, his cock felt very hard and sinewy in her hand - "I can't let you drive home this tense, it could be dangerous. You helped me out by pulling over, let me help you out it's the least I can do".

With that, in the darkness of the tunnel and the quiet stillness of the night, she glazed his cock with her saliva before enveloping it in the warmth of her mouth. It didn't take long for Mike to orgasm powerfully and shoot all that pent up frustration into Libby's mouth.

After re-arranging clothing and tidying up a bit, our couple drove home, both relaxed and happy, laughing and joking about their night's adventure.

