The Holiday Chapter 2 Part 2

1st February 2012, 01:46 PM

Author: beesee1

Location: South West England not far from Lyme Regis. Does anybody else enjoy recreational pee near here?. (Sex: Male) Posts: 402

The continuation of Alex and Fi's discovery of one another.

By BeeSeeOne

The last part ended«So do you want your next lesson yet?»

Chapter 2 - Part Two

By this time my hard on was so stiff and my mind so filled with the thought of this beautiful woman that I almost begged for it. Yet one thing was on my mind, "what about the mess?" I said. "Easy, she replied, when you've done this as often as me, you have things in hand. I use one of the bedrooms here for wet sex, with plastic sheets, absorbent pads and sheets and lots of big towels handy. Come on, let's do it!"

We walked down another passage and she opened a door on the left. It had huge French doors onto a lovely, deserted garden with a paddock beyond. And a queen size bed, fully made up. "Here?" I almost whispered, it seemed to good to be true. She turned to face me, drained her glass of wine, then opened a fridge and drew out two bottles of ice-cold apple juice. "Drink as much as you can, the more goes in, the more it comes out! The more dilute it is the nicer it taste's and the more fun you can have on your holiday!"

Tasting hadn't crossed my mind up to that point. In an instant I had as hard a hard-on as I could recall. The idea of being refreshed from her beautiful loins, from that delicate slit she had briefly displayed, was almost unbearable. I wanted to have her then; everything she was willing to offer. Sight, touch, taste, and, I fervently hoped, her taking my cock deep into her tunnel of love.

Fi went on, "That huge cock, that powerful shaft, that steady stream of piss is a promise of things to come. But it is fun in it's own right, and when sex is out you can still enjoy your friend's warmth, and if they've drunk enough of the right stuff, like wine, or juice, or water; the taste too. There's nothing like a dose of your lover's nectar, flowing over your tongue and on your skin to make you horny and ready for more.»

Then she moved closer and unzipped my fly. Running her hands down my thighs, outside then in, she began to undo my belt and pulled my jeans down, my cock pushing hard against the cloth of my under-pants. Brushing her hand against it she then unbuttoned her top and I peeled it away from those firm breasts. Her tits were hard and I bent and gently sucked at one.

We needed one another by then. Yet our bladders were filling too and the need to fuck and the need to piss were almost fighting one another. I knelt at her feet, and slid her skirt down her thighs and buried my face into her fur. Flicking my tongue I tasted her and wanted her. She had a proud and hard and open pussy which tasted good.

I had never done it like this with my ex-girlfriend; just an occasional feel and a rare bitter-sweet sensation as I licked her; never with so much enjoyment. I licked Fi's inner thighs and heard her moan with pleasure. My tongue darted to her outer lips and then she spread her pussy wide with her fingers and my tongue massaged her clit which grew firmer as I did so. Then I ran the tip of my tongue down from her clit, passing across her pee-hole, and tasting the sharpness of the last drops of her previous pee, and into her vagina, round, moist and sweet; begging to be filled.

I, who had known Fi all of five hours, murmured, "piss on me". "OK» she said and let loose a short stream of apple juice. I groaned and said «More! but she answered, «Not yet, I've something extra special for you." She backed away, turned, and threw back the duvet before climbing onto the bed. As she did so her ass was turned towards me and I could see her engorged pussy facing me as she moved with cat-like poise and finesse. "Come on", she urged, and how could I refuse? Climbing onto the bed, I laid back against luxurious pillows and on sensual satin sheets. Where was the plastic, I wondered?

She spoke again, "lie back and let me excite you some more...!" Kneeling across me, she lowered herself so that her tube slid over my cock and rubbed up and down for a moment. Then quite unexpectedly, just as I was anticipating a full force cum inside, she lifted off again. And turned around so that her ass, and her slit and holes were hovering over my face. "Now lick" she almost commanded, and I raised my head to reach out to tongue her.

Then her hairs dampened and a stream of synthesised wine and juice cascaded over my face, my tongue and onto my chest. I swallowed as much as I could, though lots ran onto the sheets. It was a moment of exquisite ecstasy, the piss of a beautiful woman quenching my thirst and washing my body.

She leant forward, causing her ass to rise higher, and her stream to flick over my head, washing my hair before splashing over my eyes, nose and mouth again. The flow stopped momentarily and then another power-shot of her bladder-juice poured out over my face and neck and chest. And then I felt her holding my cock in her mouth, licking the tip round and round. I could scarcely speak but said, "if you keep doing that you'll get cum in your mouth." In one flowing movement she lifted off and the repositioned herself so that I slid back inside.

Together we began to thrust and move together, and she shouted loudly, "Fuck me! Pleeease Alex, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me harder!" All the passion of a pussy empty for too long was screamed out in those words. And I did, forcing myself up into her and she moaned and writhed with liberated pleasure until, with a great shout, my cum rushed out and into her in a giant, throbbing, pulsating jet. She came within seconds and I felt the walls of her tunnel throbbing with ecstasy for what seemed like hours. As things subsided we linked to one another in passionate embrace for ages.

But as my dick grew smaller my need to piss took over. As I slid out from her, forgotten as it had been in the climax, now there was piss pushing out towards the daylight. "I must piss!" I cried and she took hold of my cock, pointing towards her tits. I couldn't and I didn't want to hold it any longer. A stream of pale liquid gold first spurted then poured out from the tip, splashing on her skin; from pussy to hair she was saturated. With evident delight she had moved my cock as I watered her, allowing my stream to soak her hair, splash her face, drinking some but allowing most to become rivulets of warm joy which drained away into the sheet below us.

We cuddled again, the warm water cooling on our bodies. As I started to lick her, moving down from tits to crotch, my pee and hers mingled together, as she spurted out more jets of silver. I nuzzled into her, pushed her legs apart, and drank from that refreshing stream, with my tongue probing deep between her lips.

Laughing, she whispered, "I need more of your piss. Get drinking and we'll do it again a bit later. Walking across the room she stopped by the window and opened another bottle of juice which she drank right off, perhaps half a litre. Suddenly she said, «Come and shower with me"? I needed no second invitation and followed her into another bathroom where there was a walk-in shower. Turning on the faucet we were rapidly drenched in warm and slightly soapy water and then rinsed in a clear jet, before warm-air blowers dried us.

Something was puzzling me. "Fi", I asked, "what about the bed? Isn't it soaking wet? Oughtn't we to strip it quickly?" She laughed, and replied, "There's a big incontinence sheet on it. When we've finished here, I'll put it in the laundry and put a dry one on in it's place. Then we can start again!"

I'd never had an afternoon and evening like it and didn't know what to do next. All of my emotions wanted me to stay with her for as long as possible, for I had the feeling she knew lots more water games to play, and that aside, she could fuck better than any other girl I had ever met.

But I didn't want to outstay my welcome; after all I'd only stopped outside for five minutes, and look what had happened... So I said, "Look, thanks for a fantastic time, but perhaps you'd like me to move on now?" (Not that I wanted to.) Her reply was like a waterfall of music to my ears. "Do you want to go, really? I won't stop you. But it's getting late - you'll never make Betws by 10.00pm - stay tonight anyway. I think we could really enjoy one another's company."

"I don't want to leave - ever. I'd like to spend the next year with you. You're fantastic and I reckon you have much more to teach me, if you would care to."

She replied, "Let's go out and bring your van round to my garage and your luggage into the house. You can have a separate bedroom if you like, or share my bed, which of course I'd much prefer." We slipped on some clothes (once we had found them) and walked out into the twilight, for I had lost all track of time.

We walked back through the trees to my van, still unlocked after goodness knows how many hours, with thousands of pounds worth of photographic equipment in it. Compared with the lavishness of the house I'd just been in, it was very ordinary and 'tatty'. Fi didn't even seem to notice, clambered into the passenger seat (clambered 'cos I'm messy and had stuff in the foot well and on the seat), and directed me to back out and take the lane to the left. I'd always thought it a dead end as there was a barrier across it. Actually it led to her garage and outbuildings.

My luggage consisted of a small back-pack with a couple of very ruffled shirts, a spare pair of trousers (very fortuitous that turned out), pants, socks and some toiletries. Fi giggled as she saw the extent of my luggage but said, «You'll do.»

To be continued ... but only if you like it! Let me know.

