A Story For Kaele1gh - part 3

3rd June 2010, 06:24 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I looked over at Kaele1gh behind the wheel. She looked awfully good, I mused, sitting relaxed, eyes staring down the road, in an olive green top and khaki camp shorts. The morning sunlight had lent an even more wonderful glow to her naturally red hair.

We had broken camp an hour earlier, and were now heading to a nature preserve about another three down the road.

Kaele1gh had got me talking most of the way. It was a little different than the previous days when she was the one keeping the conversation going. In fact, for the first day or so I had felt I was only along for the ride. So, today I tried to make up for the few

Of course, she started it once again, talking more about her program and the empowerment it brings to people.

She continued, going through a list of things that should be part of my documentary.

«I think we should film first the scenery and wildlife, before moving on to the villages and some of the villagers, then move on to the college and get the students in class and finally we head up to Kruger to get them out in the field. I liked how you did that walk through of the one village we visited yesterday afternoon. Wish you could teach me stuff like that. I would so love to film these people, and my interactions with them »

I began by discussing the basics of the videomaking process. Then, I launched into in-depth examples of how this would apply to what we were trying to accomplish here in the bush. Before I'd finished talking, Kaele1gh had already gotten to give me a "hands-on" introduction once we were at the preserve.

After the long flight, I had been tired the first day, and was still getting my bearings yesterday. But today, I was glib, carrying on effortless conversations, and seamlessly weaving stories of where I'd been with the lessons I'd learned. Of course, the subject was videography, something I'd long been very good at, having done it on a professional level for over twenty years.

Kaele1gh glanced over towards me, and with that lovely, naughty look in her eyes, immediately changed the subject.

«In case you hadn't noticed, I'm really enjoying all this pee fun we've been having. You have been such a good sport about, and I think you rather like it, too. So, let's make it our rule on this trip that nobody is to be using the toilet.»

Then, she adds a second one, «And, when we go it has to be in front of the other.»

«Always? What about when we.»

«Oops,» gasped Kaele1gh, «guess I forgot about that. Well, almost always.»

I hadn't remembered meeting a woman who was so uninhibited about peeing, certainly not one I was spending a couple weeks with in close quarters. Sure, I'd been on hikes or small boats with them for a day, even for a weekend of camping, but nothing like this. In most cases, it was just a matter of need, and one or two actually admitted liking to pee out of doors, so long as they had a good view. But, I'd never found a woman who appeared to take any serious pleasures from relieving herself in the company of another.

Trying to get a better read on whether she was just very comfortable with herself or was actually turned on by the whole experience, I looked intently into her eyes. Then I laid my cards on the table.

«Kaele1gh, I'm actually having fun with this, too. I know you spend so much time outdoors that it probably just seems a natural thing to do. But, I've noticed how much you really seem to enjoy stirring up the dust with a good powerpiss, and how you like helping me out when I go. Does it do anything for you?»

She pretty much sidestepped the whole question. «It's pretty much the sense of relief, after holding on for so long. Glad, hehe, you enjoyed the view, I like watching you, too. But we won't be making any pee stops this morning. They stop giving out permits at the gate at noon and, if we have any delay on the road, we're likely not to make it in time. So, I suggest you hold it until we get there.»

A short pause, then she added, «Actually, I'm rather good at holding. Of course, I've had much practice on drives like this. Oh, there have been a occasions when I've been caught short, it makes for some interesting times (she flashed that naughty look again), but that's for another story.»

«Listen, why don't I teach you how to hold better? I've noticed how you tense up when we hit those bad bits of road. You've got to learn to relax while keeping your sphincter muscle clamped shut.»

The morning had started out warm and kept getting hotter, so we had been drinking water for most of the ride, on top of the two mugs of coffee back at camp. About two hours into the ride, and still more than an hour from our destination, I noticed I was filling up quickly and likely would need to stop before we got there. And, the change in the topic of conversation drew my attention to the growing pressure within me.

I shifted in my uncomfortably seat, then spoke. «I don't know if I can make it.»

She looked over at me. One look into my eyes told her I was getting desperate. «Then, I guess I need to coach you through this. First, get your mind elsewhere. Let's go back to where you were talking about your plans for filming this week»

It worked pretty well for another 20 or 30 minutes. When the pain in my lower back built to the point I was on the verge of losing control, I stopped talking and looked over at Kaele1gh. Then, asking me to tighten my pelvic floor muscles, I performed several sets of the exercise in my seat. Another ten more minutes was gained before the desperation returned. I let out a groan.

«Take down your shorts.»

She reached her hand across to my lower abdomen and rubbed at the very top of my groin. Almost immediately I start to harden. She continued to work on me, running her hand along my shaft and softly, gently caressed as my erection got harder.

«Just a few more minutes.»

While I was on the verge of losing control, Kaele1gh, who I noticed had been drinking a lot of water in the last hour, couldn't have been too far behind.

We got to the gate with less than fifteen minutes to spare, picked up the entry pass and entered the preserve.

As I was squirming in my seat, Kaele1gh looked over at me and admonished, «I know you can make it another ten minutes.»

I was less sure and she saw it in my eyes. Suddenly, biting her lip she grabbed his hand and put it on her breast. She saw the surprise in his face, and the desire sparked in his eyes, and nodded, smiling, knowing he would now definitely be able to hold as she put another thought into his mind.

We drove down the dirt road to the lake. Good coach that she was, she me distracted me the rest of way, telling a little of the park's history, describing its vegetation and finally when the lake came into view, «This is the major water source in the preserve. It's usually teeming with wildlife, so you're almost guaranteed great pictures.»

Rounding a tight right-hand turn, Kaele1gh called out, «Almost there.» Two minutes later and we pulled up to the end of the dirt road, quickly opened the doors to the landy, got out and walked a few steps towards the shore.

I was bursting but, once again I couldn't go.

It didn't help matters when Kaele1gh pulled her shorts and panties aside, and showed me another look at her luscious privates. I stiffened even more.

Looking my way and smiling, she found something funny in my helpless condition. «Well, I can't wait for you. I'm pretty near desperate myself. When I'm finished, I'll come over and help you. Many times I've held too long and it takes me a while before it can come out.»

Then, sliding her fingers down, she spread her lips, pushed her hips back a little and peed a nice long stream lasting at least thirty seconds.

I was staring at her the whole time, enjoying what I saw and noticing how pleased she was with her efforts. «I see all our practice is starting to pay off. Looks like that was your best one yet.»

After she finished up, she came over and stood behind me. She brought her left hand around my waist, lightly rubbed just below my stomach, then pushed in and down at the top of my bladder, while her right held on to the head of my penis and squeezed.

A few seconds later, I released a powerful jet of piss, going at least as far as hers went and for almost as long. Just as I thought I was done, another contraction sent out a second burst for ten more seconds. Then, a more couple spurts and I was empty.

Finally, when it all came out, I was amazed at how much I'd held.

We walked back to the car and get the video equipment out. I had set up the tripod at the edge of the shore and mounted one of the cameras with the longest lens on it. Then, I took the other one and, standing alongside Kaele1gh, pointed out in detail its controls for zoom, focus and exposure. Placing it in her hands, I positioned them so she was ready to film, then demonstrated the lesson by making a few video clips of the shoreline.

We headed back to the landy to eat lunch and grab more water. It was hot in the sun, so we continue drinking quite a bit to avoid dehydration.

Kaele1gh pulled her top off and replaced it with a khaki button-down shirt, rolling up the sleeves and leaving it unbuttoned over her green bra. She was a little less-than-subtle with the change and I couldn't help but stare at her cleavage.

«Like what you see, Glad?» she teased, her hands cupping the undersides of her bra, as she returned my stare. «Maybe that's something we can film a little later. But, first you'll have to behaveor maybe not.»

A flock of herons had gathered less than fifty yards away, so I went back to the camera on the tripod, and filmed several sequences of them, feeding and preening.

Meanwhile Kaele1gh had gotten in more practice with the handheld one. She appeared to be having fun. Maybe she was a natural for this. She seemed to be so good at everything she did.

My bladder was still sore from holding too long and now I had to piss again. As I reached to pull aside my shorts, Kaele1gh walked up a little closer towards me and began filming, first my face, then downwards until stopping at my cock in my hand.

I turned so I was facing her squarely and peed, challenging, «This one's for you, Kaele1gh,» unleashing another long arc. I was careful not to hit the camera still in her hands. Instead, it fell at her feet, or rather on her bare feet.

«Glad, you are SO terrible,» she screamed, though more amused than angry, «I'll pay you back for this.» But, it was an empty promise. Both her hands were busy holding the camera, and she wasn't able to do anything before the moment passed.

«All right, I'll get you later, and when I'm good and full.»

I went back to continuing my video of the herons. Meanwhile, Kaele1gh, is two steps away and still practicing with the hand-held.

Suddenly, the silence is broken by a sudden noise from the grasses to the left of the birds, then the sound of rustling feathers and, within a couple seconds, the entire flock had taken off. I looked into the grass in the distance, and noticed a pride of lions emerge, walking in our direction, and towards the water hole. Kaele1gh points out the blood on their faces, explaining they had to be fresh from a kill. I manage to get a quick sequence. Nothing too great, since they were still a little far away. I was poised to wait for them to get closer, when Kaele1gh says, «Listen up, Glad,» her voice at once conveying both knowledge and necessity. «We have to pack up and quickly get back to the landy. Just don't make any sudden moves.»

Our hearts pumping so hard that we could hear them, we safely made the hundred yards back to the car, but it was a nervous moment or two. I opened the rear door on the side AWAY from the lions, then took the camera off the tripod and put both away inside. Kaele1gh passed me the one from her hand, while she grabbed two more bottles of waters from the back. We climbed up onto the roof. It was our best chance at being enough out of reach of the lions, and our height off the ground gave the impression that we were a much larger animal. Slowly, we recaptured our breaths.

We would wait until they had to leave. An hour went by, then two. We spent the time in conversation and occasionally filming a sequence, mostly of the lions splashing around. They were ignoring us, never getting any closer than the water's edge a good hundred yard's away. We were likely out of danger now. If they had wanted to attack, they would have done so earlier. As long as we remained on the roof, we would be relatively safe.

We could relax once more and get back to our fun afternoon.

All the water we'd been drinking over the afternoon eventually had to come out. No longer distracted, Kaele1gh now had to really pee. And, she had another naughty thought.

«Why don't you film me peeing real close-up, so close that I can see just how it comes out. I always want to know how I should be aiming. Just don't get anything of my face.»

Removing her shorts and shirt, she stood in her green matching bra and panties.

I thought the best view was from a very low angle. But, I would have to be to one side so her stream wouldn't get on me or rather, more importantly, the lens. There wasn't much room on the roof, but I found if I wedged myself into the right front corner I'd have a good shot.

I knelt down and cautioned her, «OK, but you can't pee on the camera, while you're peeing on-camera? I know you still owe me for when I pissed your feet, but that will have to wait for another time. You promise?»

«Promise.»

«Good, because that would make for one expensive repair. And, I'd probably have a bit of embarrassment in explaining.»

I started the camera.

She reached down and slipped off her panties. Bringing her hands back up to her crotch, she massaged her pussy, rubbing her lips

It was a nice, close-up view of her releasing a long column of piss. I had filmed it in slow-motion, so it would last even longer, too. Then, I captured the puddle on the ground she'd made, pulling back so one could see the distance. I concluded the scene zooming in on the last drops on her pussy. Putting the camera down, I wiped dry her wetness with two fingers.

She reminded me, «I still owe you one pee, though.»

I stood up again. Kaele1gh had been right about how distraction could help me hold longer. I hadn't realized that I had been getting full until now, so I asked her for a few things she could do to make me wait a few more minutes.

Reaching behind her, she removed her bra and pushed her breasts towards my face, then slid one hand above my bladder, the other on my back. I slipped my fingers again inside her lips, this time a little deeper, slowly and softly rubbing. We played for what seemed a good long time - touching, pleasing, exploring, teasing. I looked up and noticed the sun was a lot closer to the horizon. Just as I felt Kaele1gh start to tremble, she gently pushed my hand away, then lightly squeezed the tip of my penis between her fingers.

«Next time, darling. Why don't you try to pee now»

Suddenly, my urge overcame my arousal. With her aiming, I emptied on top of the puddle she had made.

It was near sunset. We'd been on the roof for over four hours.

Finally, as darkness fell, the lions had their fill of water. They return to the bush to protect their carcass from other predators.

Now we, too, can leave.

