From the female point of view..

10th September 2005, 07:19 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

My ex g/f and I used to love peeing together and pee games,especially in the shower and sitting together on the toilet, her on my lap. She actually introduced me to it! We talked alot about our fetish as well - I always used to be fascinated by what turned her on about peeplay and sex in general. This story is my attempt to tell one of our true experiences, but from HER point of view. Ladies, let me know if it rings true from a female perspective.

~~

We'd only got in the taxi 10 minutes earlier but I was already bursting again! We'd had a great night at the club at Sarah's leaving do. Sarah was moving back south again with her husband and everyone at the office was sorry to see her go - it had been an emotional night but loads of fun.

So here I was in the taxi with my boyfriend, and my bladder was complaining! Things were getting more desperate by the second, and I was starting to wonder if I should ask the driver to stop and let me nip behind a bush, although we were only 10 minutes from home.

I whispered in my boyfriends ear: "I need to pee, I'm desperate

!"

He looked at me and smiled. "So am I" he mouthed. "Hold on baby, nearly home" and he kissed me on the lips. I was feeling horny, but my need to pee was taking all my attention!

"I can't hold it!" I told him. Then I asked him how deperate he was.

"I need the loo pretty bad, but I'll be OK till we get home". I looked down at his crotch and imagined him getting his cock out and letting go there and then. Seeing him pee, especially when he was semi-hard, always made me soooo horny. Without thinking I put my hand to his cock to "check it out" through his jeans. He looked at me and raised his eyebrows with a smile.

"You feeling horny sweet?" he asked. I nodded 'yes' and asked him "you?"

"Yep" he said. I still had my hand on his cock. I could feel the shape, but he wasn't that hard. I decided to change that! He would always get turned on when I talked about my peeing and desperation

, so I knew what to do.

"Babe my bladder's bursting, it's going to start spurting out of my pussy soon. I've nearly wet my cotton panties already"

He looked at me and laughed - he knew what I was up to and was loving it! "What are you gonna do about it?" he asked.

"You'd better feel my bladder, see what you think." His hand went to the top button of my jeans. I leant back a bit so he could undo the button. He pressed his hand against my full bladder. I shivered.

"Wow, you are full!" he said. I put my hand back on his Penis. Sure enough, I could feel it throbbing and twitching as the blood rushed into his shaft. I undid his zip to get better access. Putting my hand inside I could feel it grow and stiffen as I held it. God I was aroused. My clit was on fire, but I needed to pee so bad! I pulled my boyfrends face to mine and gave him a long wet snog. As our tongues played together, I could taste the unmistakable taste of his night's drinking.

Fortunately we were nearly home now so I knew I wouldn't have to let go in the taxi. As I played with my bf's hard tool he looked at me with a slight frown. "Careful babe, I'm getting pretty desperate myself now, don't press anything too hard!" That just made me feel hornier. We'd been watching the taxi meter as we got close to home, so as soon as we pulled up, we were able to pay the driver and run to the front door. My b/f fumbled with the keys.

"Quick. Quiiiiick!" I said. We fell inside, then both ran upstairs to the bathroom.

"Me first!" I shouted.

"We're going to have to share!" he replied. I was hoping he would say that!

I got in first and immediatley ripped my jeans and panties down, and sat on the loo with my legs wide apart. He burst in and undid button and zip, pulled his jeans down to his knees and let his now semi hard dick spring free. I couldn't wait and a jet of pale urine burst from my pisshole and through my swollen pussy lips.

"Stand up so I can see more" he asked. I stood up and thrust my hips forward while I leant back on the toilet cistern. I pulled my lips apart with my fingers to let the pee run free. I was now missing the bowl entirely and pissing on his legs and jeans! He wasn't worried though! - he put his hand into my stream and rubbed the fluid into his cock. My jet just carried on. There were gallons in there!

Then he started. First he aimed his jet into the bowl between my legs, but then, out of devilment, I quickly sat down. He was now pissing straight on my pussy! This was hot!! I could see my nipples poking at my T-shirt, even through my lace bra. I watced the urine spraying out his penis. I wanted to hold it, feel it's stiffness and the vibrations as the piss jetted through it's length.

"Can I hold it please?" I asked like a schoolgirl talking to her teacher!

"I think you'd better" he said with mock sterness.

I grabbed his cock in my hand and moved it around making his jet swipe this way and that. I aimed at my clit, my belly, my tits. Everywhere. Finally, I aimed him at my face. I'd only drank his pee once before. I opened my mouth and the stream hit the back of my throat hard. It was like champagne! He'd drank so much (incuding water - he always drank alot of water when we went out), that it tasted more of what he'd been drinking than anything else.

Finally, both our jets slowed down and eventually stopped. I was holding his cock, and as soon as he stopped, I started rubbing it up and down. From it's semi rigid state, it soon stiffened and grew to it's full, beautiful capacity!

"Come inside me, please" I pleaded

"Let me sit down" he said. I got up and moved my legs apart so he could sit on the bowl. I then lowered myself onto him, taking hold of his steel rod and guiding it into my soaking hole. He lifted off my T-Shirt and undid my bra as we thrust against each other. Finally,as he was sucking on my stiff nipples, I felt his warm jet of sperm power into me. As we both rubbed my clitty hard, my climax followed a minute later.

It was the most erotic experience of my life.

