Eating Japanse food... hehehe!

19th June 2010, 09:49 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

Another fictional fantasy (thank you Hawk for your inspiration)~! I REALLY have to get someone to enact all these fantasies with~! lol~!!!

So this will be the second time I get to meet you and I have been preparing - literally - for days now. This will be the first time I have seen you since we had dinner at my home, and I am so so hoping that you will enjoy what I have been planning for you! As I woke this morning on my satin sheets, naked, all I could think of was you, and how much I wanted to fuck you!

Today was the longest preparation day, but it started already two days ago, when I started with the special instructions on bathing and oiling my skin. I had a complete body wax, arms, tummy, legs... complete body wax... that's dedication, lol!

And today I started with a special bath, soaking in hot rose water, with some vegetable oil... has to be vegetable oil, no preservatives, no flavourants, no added scents... just rose water and vegetable oil I attained in a special store... and I scrubbed every inch of skin exactly as instructed, before getting out of the bath and being air dried. Soft skin files scrubbed every inch of me even further, and my skin was pink and soft when finished. I smiled at Kimora my Japanese friend as she assisted me, following age old instructions handed down from generation to generation.

After my soak and scrub I showered in cold water, washing softly with a leather cloth, every part of me, including my hair, luxuriating in the feel of my skin after all the treatments over the past two days... soft and shiny and velvety...Kimora knocked on the shower door and broke my reverie and I stepped out where she dried every part of me body carefully with a soft fluffy towel, her slanting dark eyes squinting to be sure not a drop of water remained, her soft silky dark hair falling forward as she worked. She is so darned cute.

She looks up, her dark eyes catching the light, and seeing me watching her she smiles, her soft pink lips curving delightfully ... «Stop that Kae,» she teases. «There's still loads to do...» she bends again, rubbing my skin, murmuring under her breath «bloody westerners»... and chuckling slightly. She thinks I am a little crazy with what I have planned for you tonight, but it's an old Japanese custom, and she is also quite flattered at my decision... and more than a little intrigued.

After the shower and drying Kimora helps massage vegetable oil into my skin yet again, arms, legs, ankles, feet, hands, butt, back, tummy, neck and breasts. I notice how she lingers as she rubs the oil into my breasts, her fingers massaging my nipples a lot longer than required, and I see the smile she gets as my nipples harden. «Hey» I say laughing, «didn't you say we had loads to do?» and she grins, showing small white even teeth and I laugh even more. She continues massaging oil into my body as I massage pure coconut oil on my face, ensuring I massage my lips until they are soft and shiny and pink.

Then I sit as instructed as she combs my curls, my body draped in yet another steaming hot clean towel. She sweeps my curls up away from my face and fastens it in a knot above my head, taking care that the few stray curls are rubbed with coconut oil, including the soft curls at the nape of my neck. I like the look, it's soft and feminine yet, as per requirements, my hair is out of the way. Her eyes meet mine in the mirror, «You're ready» she says softly, her one hand caressing my shoulder. I smile and nod and she takes me by the hand and leads me to the dining room for final preparations. She helps me as I drink almost a whole litre of spring water as I am not going to be able to drink for a while.

I squirm when I hear the doorbell knowing it is you and trying not to move, to smudge anything, move anything, but my heart pounds, and I cannot stop grinning. I hear Kimora as she walks to the door. She opens the door and I hear you say «hello» softly, a little surprised not to see me, but by now knowing you should trust me, that whatever I have planned you will enjoy. Your previous dinner at my house still makes you smile and you cannot wait to see what I might have planned this time for you.

I imagine your eyes as you see Kimora. Small and petite, she is wearing a bejewelled bra and a soft white sheer skirt held on by an elaborate gold belt. Her dark hair is down and hangs straight and soft to her waist. She is petite in every way, and the gold bra accentuates her firm small perfect little breasts, her tiny waist tapers above small slightly rounded hips, and through the sheer skirt you see she is not wearing anything, you can see the outline of her small round bum, the velvet strip of dark hair between her legs as she walks and turns. Already your cock stiffens in your pants and you watch her ass sway in front of you as Kimora leads the way.

As you reach the door to the dining room, Kimora asks you to remove your clothes and shoes and socks, and hands you a long silk gown to wear. A little embarrassed you start to undress and she moves forward to help, a lot smaller than you her small fingers make light work of your shirt buttons, and she soon has your shirt off and her nimble fingers are at the button and zip of your trousers. As she pulls them down and asks you to step out of them her head is level with your groin and she smiles when she sees your already semi erect cock bounce free as she pulls down your underwear. She helps you slide into the silk gown, the silk cool and soft against your skin. She ties the belt and your cockhead peeks through the front slit. Kimora looks at you and there is laughter in her eyes, and more than a little desire, and it makes your balls tighten. She takes you by the hand and leads you into the dining room.

You know I am imaginative and fun, you know I am sensual and sexual and adventurous, yet still nothing really prepared you for what you see when you enter the dining room. Candles are lit all around the room, and incense burns giving a soft sweet aroma in the flickering light. I have moved out my heavy wooden dining table and chairs, replaced them with opulent cushions and velvet rugs. In the place of the dining table is a small wooden and bamboo platform and you are led to cushions next to the platform. It's beautiful and exotic and erotic, but that's not what takes your breath away.

What makes you gasp is the buffet display. There on the platform, which is covered in black silk, arranged and draped perfectly, I lie naked, waiting for you. Carefully arranged on and around my completely naked, well oiled body is an array of Japanese delights and around my body are fruits, flowers, and vegetables. You sit n a daze as I smile at you. My hair is swept up, my curls soft and shiny, the dark blue highlights of my dark hair catching the candlelight and glowing. My ivory skin is soft and shiny from the oil, my eyes bright, with the candlelight reflecting in the darkness of them, my lips soft and shiny from the coconut oil. My breasts move slightly as I breathe and perhaps because my heart is pounding so much. For once my soft red pubes are gone, and my round pubis is smooth and silky, and you can see the slight darkness of the cleft where my pussy-lips meet.

Arranged in a circle on my rounded soft tummy are 12 medium sized prawns, grilled, and shelled. My belly button serves as a holder for a spicy sweet dipping sauce. Two rows of bite sized crabmeat cakes lay softly on my ribs, each lying on a small bed of boiled spinach. My breasts rise above shitake mushrooms, and my nipples peek through soft dollops of sour cream. A small bowl of simmered abalone in a thick cream sauce quivers on the spot between my tummy and my rounded pubis. A small platter of rice rests on my one up turned palm and in the other bean-curb soup in a tiny ceramic bowl. Small pieces of Sushi line my thighs.

As you take in the feast of sights and foods and smells in front of you Kimora gently lays a napkin on your knee. You are sitting cross legged, the silk gown long enough to drape between your crossed legs but not in any way hiding your hardness.

Soft music plays and the atmosphere is electric and unreal. Kimora kneels next to you. The rules say we should not speak, though Kimora is allowed to speak more than I am, but I cannot take my eyes off your handsome rugged face, and I cannot stop the soft blush of heat that rises in my cheeks as I look at you, remembering our last encounter. Kimora picks up long enamelled chop sticks made of ivory with gold lettering. They are part of the ceremony.

She turns to you. «We'll start with some sushi» she says softly and your eyes follow as she gently takes her chopsticks and picks up some sushi from my thigh. I close my eyes at the sensation of the chopsticks on my skin. Kimora holds the fresh sushi and you open your mouth as she feeds you. You bite and the delicate fish flavours burst in your mouth and you murmur �it's good. Kimora reaches out and gently runs her finger along your lip, catching some of the sushi there, and then licks her finger. «More?» she asks and you nod, your eyes going between Kimora and my naked body covered in food. «Take,» she directs your hand to my thigh and your fingers graze my skin as you pick up more sushi, and I catch my breath. My body quivers and Kimora admonishes me «lie still»...

You take bite after bite of sushi until the last piece is gone from my thighs, and Kimora feeds you piece by piece, always slowly cleaning your lips with her fingers, her body pressed against yours. You take rice from the small plate I hold, Kimora encourages you to drink the soup from my other palm. As you reach across me your hand shakes and a small drop splashes on my waist as you ladle your bean curd soup. Kimora bends down and uses her tongue on my skin, licking the spilled drop, and you almost drop your ladle.

My skin breaks out in goose bumps and Kimora then turns to you and slowly sticks out her tongue. «Taste» she says and you obey, sucking her tongue, soup all but forgotten as slowly suck on Kimora's tongue. She slowly withdraws her tongue and directs you back to your soup. Then it's time to taste the abalone, with its smoky flavour and delightful texture, and Kimora ensures you follow it with Saki, which has a delightful crisp bite to it. In between you and Kimora take turns letting me sip more spring water through a straw. It is not part of the ceremony, but a rule between you and I have that says I may not refuse to suck the straw when it is offered.

You take the small prawns from my warm flesh and dip them in the sauce in my belly button, and bite down hard on the delicious sweet chilli flavour as it mixes with the prawn in your mouth. It's delicious and you feed yourself, then Kimora. She closes her eyes as she accepts the prawn from you, and you wait until she has finished before kissing her deeply, and I hear her moan softly, and I watch you kiss her.

The Saki flows as you slowly eat off me, and I can feel the spring water I have been sipping, as well as the bottle I had earlier, make its way to my bladder which is becoming almost uncomfortably full, and whilst it is making me horny, it is also very difficult for me as I cannot wriggle, or tense my thighs, or push hand hands against the pit of my bladder or between my thighs against my crotch. I cannot do any of the things I normally do when I get desperate. So I just have to lie back and concentrate hard while watching you and Kimora sipping away at the Saki. In addition, you keep proffering me the straw and I keep sipping more and more spring water.

Despite the growing pressure in my bladder I am really enjoying the feel of your fingers and chopsticks against my skin, your eyes on mine as you slowly dip prawns in my belly button and then reach over and let me bite the end... Kimora has made it clear I may not kiss you until the meal is finished, and you are determined to tease me mercilessly. You and Kimora both take turns lapping the last of the chilli sauce from my belly after the prawns are finished, and you both laugh softly watching how my belly quivers with each lick.

Your fingers press softly against me, eyebrow raised and wicked grin on your face as you feel how distended my bladder is. You follow the trail along my ribs until you start on the shitake mushrooms on my chest. Their delicate flavour is heightened by the other dishes you have had and the Saki you are drinking, and you slowly pick up one and rub it against the cream on the top of my breasts. Kimora takes the second last mushroom and bites it then slowly licks one breast clean of the creamy sauce, sucking on my soft rosy pink nipples until I close my eyes and groan.

You start to suckle the other nipple, and I lie there fighting the urge to run my hands along your body. I feel the hot waves of desire course through my body, making my nipples hard and engorged, I can feel the wetness inside my pussy, as the blood plumps out my inner folds, I feel the intense pressure in my bladder, and I so want to move sinuously against you, but I lie still, biting my lip slightly in the hopes that I will remain in control of my bladder~!

You move down my body, finishing any last bites and sucking from my flesh every taste and trace of food. Your tongue is hot against my skin and it feels so good. After you have licked every last piece of food from my body Kimora softly reaches over, and pulls you back onto your cushion. «Patience» she says with a smile. She starts collecting and clearing the dishes. You watch as the small dishes and candles move and you see even more clearly my nakedness, my tall curvy body lying there, completely smooth and so so soft. Kimora returns several times until at last all that is left is me on the black silk. She reaches down and rubs her hands against my bladder. I wince, and able to move at last, I wriggle slightly.

"Ahh you like that, don't you?" she says with her wonderful accent and a hint of laughter. I nod, licking my lips~!. "Are you desperate?" Kimora says teasingly, and again I nod, as she brushes my hands away as they move down to rub my own soft smooth pubic mound. "Need something more to drink?" She asks with a smile and I nod again, my eyes going to you, seeing the lust in your eyes, watching how your hand is softly rubbing your hardness through the silk gown. I look back at Kimora, eyes bright, and whisper ever so softly "Ohhh yes"~!

Kimora steps up onto the table, her petite frame highlighted by the sheerness of her flowing skirt. She walks around so she is standing above me and I can see right up her skirt to the small v of her pussy, the small strip of black curly pubes like a runway above her soft cleft. She stands over me, lifts up her skirt and bends her knees slight, pushing her pelvis forward, then one hand holding open her small labia, she lets go and I squeal in delight as her clear warm pee streams down along my chest.

I feel it trickle down the sides of my breasts, into the hollow of my belly button, and as it rains on my round soft pussy~! It feel so good, and I run my hands along my dripping wet torso, as Kimora concentrates hard and pushes out one last hard stream. Then she shakes herself free of the last few clinging drops, drops her skirt and steps of the platform that was my bed and your table. As soon as she is finished my eyes find yours again and I see how turned on you are by what you have seen and I know you must be dying for your own show.

The Kimora reaches down and helps me up, and removes the silk, revealing a red silk cloth underneath. She disappears a last time and returns with two hot steamed towelettes smelling of fresh lemon. She hands one to you and shows you how to slowly wipe every part of my body down. Your hands shake as you slowly rub the rounded smooth hairless slope of my pussy, as you massage my breasts, and stroke my tummy.

As you finish, Kimora takes the towelettes away. You stare at me, your hard cock has pushed all the way through your robe by now, and when Kimora comes back she unties the belt and lets the robe slip free. She reaches out and unclasps her bra and unhooks her belt. She stands there, petite, perfectly shaped, naked. She slowly kneels in front of you running her hand over your balls, her tongue over your hard cock and I watch in delight as she takes you in her mouth, your cock so large against her petite features. She slowly moves up and down along your cock and I love the way you look at her, it turns me on, and you slowly raise your eyes to mine and I see the desire in them and the fingers of one hand slowly circle my own nipple as the other hand strokes the soft outside of my pussy, enjoying the feel of the softly waxed and oiled skin against my fingers. Kimora has no intention of letting you cum just yet though, and so she slowly withdraws her mouth and turns to me.

She slowly reaches towards me, her small hands running over my body. You watch as her small brown hands move over my ivory skin. We kiss and I love your taste on her tongue, as she pushes her small body against mine. She slowly kneels and as she does so, she opens my thighs, and her small lithe fingers slide deep inside me and I gasp. Her thumb finds my hardened clitoris, and her fingers slide inside my hot wetness. It's too much for you and you move over so you can kiss me, so you can finally fondle my breasts. You watch as Kimora slowly kisses my pussy, you bend down and watch, inches away, as her tongue slides over my slit, slowly working its way inside, making me cry out as her tongue slides inside me. You see the soft pink velvety flesh as she holds open my soft ivory skinned generous pussy lips. You see the sheen of wetness on my soft pink flesh underneath, where Kimora has run her tongue, tasting the nectar there.

Kimora slowly runs her tongue over my wetness, probing deep inside as you watch, then stops a moment and sticks out her tongue again and you bend over and suck it, tasting my juices on her tongue. After you have tasted she turns again, her tongue buried inside me as you come behind me and cup my breasts from behind, your fingers tweaking the nipples. I cry out again and move back pushing myself against you, your cock rubbing against my round firm butt, Kimora's tongue sliding into me from the front, your hands on my breasts, your face buried in my neck.

I push Kimora backwards, so she lies on the cushions, and I bend over her, so she can still slide her tongue and fingers into my hot aching core, I am so desperate now for release I can no longer wait and I bend so you can see my pussy from behind, wet and gleaming, you watch Kimora's face as she pushes upwards and buries her face into me, my round ass in front of you. You slowly move forward and your cock finds its own way into my wet hot tight pussy. You feel the resistance as my soft velvety flesh slowly yields to your hardness, and you feel the ripples of flesh engulf your cock. You close your eyes and retract slightly, and as you do, you feel Kimora's tongue on the tip of your cock, and as you slide inside me you feel Kimora's tongue slide in too, wrapping itself on your cock, and the sensation of that is so amazing you groan in delight and I push back hard, forcing you to slide in even deeper. Kimora's fingers work my clit as your hands massage my breasts and nipples.

Your cock fills me with exquisite pleasure and I feel that floaty feeling of pleasure engulf me, and as you thrust in and out, Kimora thrusts her tongue in with your cock, and I rock in rhythm to your thrusts. Kimora's fingers work harder on my clit as you fuck me hard and deep and relentlessly from behind and I feel my body tense as the first orgasm overtakes me, my inner muscles tightening on your cock as I gasp and cry out loud.

«Oh fuck»...Kimora does not stop and nor do you, as you feel the waves rock through my body and the hot wetness as my orgasmic juices flow. As the orgasm rips pleasure though my body, I can no long control my bladder and I feel as huge stream of piss pushes past your cock and flows out. Kimora laps these rivulets up with huge delight and you keep pumping, loving the soft squelchy sounds of my pleasure, of the silky slickness of my orgasm, the warm wetness of my golden nectar against your cock, and as I cum, you push in hard, and deep, very deep, and hold it there. Kimora keeps licking and working her fingers.

As my orgasm subsides, you slowly withdraw your cock, still hard, and after Kimora sucks every drop of my juices from it, running her tongue over it, sucking hard on it, and then returns to my pussy, you push me forward slightly and slowly push your cock into my very very tight round ass.

It hurts a little in such a good way and you hold still until you feel me relax and start to move myself against your cock as the pleasure takes over and then you start to thrust harder and harder deeper and deeper, your cock in my ass, Kimora's tongue and fingers in my pussy, you can feel Kimora's fingers through the muscled walls of my pussy and it excites you and you feel your orgasm build, so your thrust wildly deeply and I start to cry out again as the pending orgasm rips through my body, and as I shudder and cry out, tears in my eyes from the sheer pleasure of the orgasm running through my body, I feel and hear you cum, feel your hot cum inside me, feel it running out of me, as Kimora moves away slightly so my orgasm and more pee squirts hotly over her face and she licks up my juices and your cum, licks your balls, licks my pussy, with your cock still buried deep in my ass.

And then I feel you start to pee as your erection softens enough to let go, and the feeling of you filling me that triggers yet another orgasm. My body shivers and my knees tremble and I have to let myself fall against the cushions, as you collapse on top of me and Kimora moves so as I fall she is able to lie against me. I lie still until I can breathe and speak again and when I do I tell you both that despite my awesome orgasm I still need to pee. Kimora giggles, and you laugh, and then say that you are indeed thirsty.

So I stand up and manoeuvre myself so I am kneeling over your face. Your fingers move up caressing the smooth waxed skin, and then slowly opening me up. You tell that you do indeed like the feel of me smooth and soft, but you kind of miss my red pubes. I giggle and as you open your mouth I slowly aim my stream to fill your mouth. Like me, drinking is not really your thing, although we do like to sip and taste each other, so I then move my stream down, standing slightly so I can wash you with my warm golden rain.

I see Kimora watching, furiously rubbing her clit, and then I hear her gasp, and cry out and she cums hotly over you, followed by the last little dam of pee she had in her bladder. As we both release, I see you move your hands to your almost soft cock, and your stream crosses with mine, as you too empty your bladder completely, saving a small final spurt for Kimora.

I realise with some sadness that I have nothing more to spill, and it seems you and Kimora are also empty and I collapse against you, my head on my shoulder, kimora's head on your other shoulder. Your cock starts to shrink as you lie back sandwiched between two women, all of us breathing hard. Three naked panting people, smelling of sex, smiling broadly, covered in cum and pee and sweat...

It's been a helluva a meal... but you know Japanese food... it rarely leaves you satisfied and already I can feel my tired body respond as Kimora's fingers run over my thighs her one hand on me her other on your balls...

