WonderWoman

28th June 2007, 11:08 PM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

I'm at work and no one is here... welllllllll almost no one.

As I sit at my desk, typing boring mundane boring input, for what is going on the fourth hour, I notice that neeed rising, and putting it off I continue the input as it is steadily increasing each minute.

I'd drank too much coffee again, and am jittery and «typoing» at least once per line.

I slide forward in my chair. It sort of takes some pressure off, but not the urge.

Restrooms are so far away. I'm sayin wayyy the fuck down at the other end of the building. And If I were to go that way I'd surely run into «the OddmanTodd» aka «the TODD-ity.» The dude that sits in his car during lunch hour everyday listening to heavy metal cassettes. Here now in the 2000's «Oddness of Toddness» is literally, I mean actually realistically figuratively (grammar-challenged sry) «head-banging!!!» ...for those who don't know, this means he is moving his head back and forth and sort of up and down vigorously to the beat of the music.

And oh hey, we're talking not of these day's current type of black scary goth insane death screamo the clown metal here. Dude's got oldtime antique tunes by such artists as Dio and Dokken and Quiet Riot, the great =VH=, and many more! I don't know the names to most of these. He also plays air guitar occasionally. «Oddman»...RAWKs Out! LOL We used to watch him do these things on the security monitor but now we've seen it so many times that the funny has worn off in of its novelty for all of us, and its just pathetic to see.

Ok type on...blah blah page 48 item 56b, blah table with 2 columns, blah blah blah click bold, click highlight and make half of it yellow... dark pee yellow color, it is, in fact. I ignore the urge for awhile, but then, as they do in like situations, those thoughts came. My memories blended with imagination...as my attention faded from the mundane to interesting fancy...

Needing to piss is the best way to make me, how would you say in a nice ladylike way, desiring? Aroused? Feeling like as if-the-oldmans-not-home-there's-that-purple-gelee'-backup-in-the-dresser-drawer-under-my-slips-intense feeling and urge... that sort of thing.

What a naughtiest of naughties thought, to go running through my head now, I think briefly about walking over and sort of squatting a bit in the corner. Then over the wastebasket...nononono...and the thought makes me giggle. They probably have a camera in here too. They are all over the building now. So no nono.

I recalled back when this company had no security cameras. It was better then. I reminisced lovingly upon many more than several gratuitous experiences, while working late alone, which occurred over those 9 years. The front floor mat many a time, a bit here and there in my office right on the rug, into several waste bins around (tho I always, or so I think, rinse them well afterwards tho.) In the parking lot, at the smoking area outside, in a couple of co-workers offices, my boss's office, at his desk, sitting on the edge of his chair and spattering under his desk, in his closet (& in his shoe ...hee!)

The lounge room, back when smoking was allowed indoors. It had a nice red lowpile carpet that I literally got off on making it dark in tiny nonchalant soakings. I used to fantasize about pretending to be a smoker and while they were in there, standing there pissing while they puffed away. I have an extreme imagination, and took it to levels such as climbing on the table and squatting over the ashtray, or using the standing one by the door as my shocked co-workers were appalled and amazed that this woman had hiked up her skirt and was aiming a stream of piss in it, right in front of them all. In private, I'd go in, and sit occasionally upon one of the cheap plastic chairs and just let it flow a bit down to the floor in front of me.

And now the cremdayla is recalling a few brave occasions going into the men's restroom and having a go at the urinals. Now THAT was a thrill!

My heels clicking noisily on the tile, walking to the wall, tucking my skirt up wadded under my belt, pulling my thong strip to the side, parting le labia, waiting while rushing, till it totally felt now or never, pushing a bit to start the strong arc which hissed into the male pissing receptacle. It gurgled and splattered, unwittingly accepting it just the same as if it were shot from a penis. The echo of these sounds rang in my ears until I was safely in the ladies room, and could have a proper private place to reward myself with an outstanding orgasm.

The last *** I made at work was in standing facing a large potted plant, with the front of my skirt a few inches dangling over it. It was nopantyday, and I'd relaxed and let a joy dribble fall for several extremely naughty seconds. A few moments after I released the security guy came.

Typing on here and now blah blah etc... As these thoughts here now lingered relentlessly, the desire to relive them became more aggressive.

I know that all is recorded on security cam now, however it is never viewed just recorded in case a problem were to arise, and to my knowledge none ever do.

My focus was nearly nonexistent in regards to the computer work in front of me. Thoughts and desires had taken over and I thought «What if» I were to just let go flow and just wet and cascade all over the floor! Chills just went through me, I'm sayin! I tried to return the focus to the work in front of me, but soon fingers have found the warmth between my legs. Under my desk, under my skirt, my legs parted and my skintight fleshtone pantyhose feel damp from my heat by just thinking about this as it is already.

Oh yeah...I'm sorry I'm digressing... Keep thoughts focused... Type dates and whatever required input, blah blah blah addresses... yes that is ::type type long pause...type:: 580 Micturato BLVD...Micturato? No that's uhhh Nictuetto...:sigh:

Why... am I sitting here full to the bellybutton, being uncomfortable because of a silly odd man? He's probably down at the lab, and even maybe he won't hear me walk down the long loudly echoic tiled hall...yeah...maybe if I took my shoes off hmm...

I kicked them off under my desk and felt the cold tiles chill my feet. I've always loved this feeling, actually. It in itself is like a turnon. I do this at my desk on occasion as a prelude to mid-afternoon masturbation in the Ladies' room.

I bought my now warmed fingers to my nose and inhaled my scent. I would not call it «musky» as do so many writers describing pussy. Mine smells kind of like...well to be honest, I've never smelled a smell to describe it like. Maybe like warm milk... or vanilla pudding-like? Anyhow, typing with one hand isn't that bad if you have a decent auto-spell-correct program.

I've learned that when I feel a strong urge to urinate, at times it can be delayed quite a while by light touching.

I'm sitting here sort of reminiscing some of the peepee movie scenes I've seen on my home computer, while staring at my work computer screen. How I wished I were at home right now, and able to be at my favorite naughty site (here at peesearch) downloading. See I have this habit of hoarding movie clips of other women pissing, as watching these turn me on like nothing else. I would go so far as to even call it an addiction. I have literally hundreds of clips now, and am always looking for more. I like the brazen public ones the best.

The wetting ones don't do a whole lot for me, especially when the girl is way overacting and saying « oh no I'm desssperate!» to the cameraman. (And then taking several shots they blend in while she tries and tries really hard to have an accident) LOL to me that is like; say... if WonderWoman, in every scene she's in, in her own show, is saying: «I'm WonderWoman!» Know what I mean?

We know...that youre going to peepee, like we know it's WonderWoman...WonnnderWoman yah...

Ohhh WonderWoman...uh huh... wetting those shiny blue spandexy shorts, white stars, ...golden brassiere, chevron red boots and that...is she pissing? Is that what that slysexy Maybelline lipsticked grin is all about? Is she ...sssecretly...hot on pissing too?

I'm getting near close to wetting at this point, and don't necessarily want to do that here at work in reality. Goodfuckingrief I wish OddTodd would leave so I could go down the hall and pee in peace without him grabbin my ear and talking to me for 2 hours about stupid stuff...like his life.

:sigh: I cant surf for pissin chicks porn on the work computer, but I can goog-up Linda Carter's WonderWoman... Oh yeah lots of results on that... hey here's an interesting picture... She's standing with her legs apart...and there is a darkness ? kind of like... a puddle underneath her...$/community/...tachmentid=1432

Really, as active as she is in ridding the world of bad guys and such, does she have time to "go to the ladies room"? Would she pause in the middle of a fight to run to the loo? Or would she just piss where she is and continue working? $/community/...tachmentid=1433

Yahh well...:twitch-squirm: I quick open my graphics editor and...make it so.

I'm... supposed to be working? Work... Yeah...uhhh this estimate of the index increase of the earnings... next quarterrr... quarter ...quarter carter...Linnnda Carter back in the 70's... uhhh And the variable of...commod...her lasso rope, tying me to this chair... Two sides of my mind vie for control and the wet side is winning now, fantasy takes over as I watch as She, heroine of my impressionable days jumps into existence, smashes my so obsolete and outdated work-computer, it's programs, it's data, and all my papers onto the floor.

WWWWwwWonderWoman then climbs up on my desk and puts a boot sole onto each arm rest of my chair. She draws it closer with her strong legs and scootches to the edge of my desk facing me with her spandexed wonderful wonderwomanly cunt, and its Wonderous scent is less than a foot away from my face, her hands rest on her knees. I can smell her. Her scent is not unlike mine is now, that from wearing these pantyhose...

I can tell that she wears nothing under her superhero outfit. It's shiny up close, no lines, and the fluorescent office lights that we always complain about actually makes her skintight suit almost glow.

This is so surreal. She's just sitting above me and smiling down and I remember my situation and I tell her that I really need to run to the restroom, would she go with me and tie Todd up instead? but she only laughs at me. (I think she isn't saying anything during this because I can't really remember what her voice sounded like.)

I figure since I'm here, and since I just got lassoed by WonderWoman and my arms are tied, I should take the opportunity to tell her and try and earn a few justice points? that I used to kind of have what they'd call (Tho it was way back then, more like a special adoration with not really any sexual imaginings at that time.) a «heterosexual crush» on her, as they'd say in those popular womens' magazines to assure us that sort of thing was normal, and not necessarily a homosexual desire-in other words «don't worry, you're not gay»-. I start to tell her this, but she places her hand over my mouth. Not by her physical force tho really, is it that I cannot speak. Not her grip, but just for the whole awe-of-the -moment, the fact that she is there, and come to think about it,...is really not acting like «herself» as like I would think she would be. Is this a dream? hmmm

WonderWoman, What's up? What the fuck? Am I dreaming? Looking around the office I see the clock, I still cannot speak, even tho she had removed her hand. I bow my head slightly and just gaze into her crotch out of respect.

I see a dark spot appear on the fabric, and watch as a cascade flows down onto my lap. I feel it hot, pouring between my legs and puddling under my bottom and hear it splashing on the linoleum. I feel it glide between slightly parted pussylips and gush against my clit. I lose control, feeling this, like as if my hand were under warm water. I do not even try to restrain and just let it flow and mix with hers. I look up at her and she is sneering at me, showing me her beautiful teeth.

Some of her white stars on her shorts are yellow now, and protruding from the one directly over her labia, there is a thick visible jet spurting forward and it is splashing against the bottom of my blouse. It is running over my pussy while I am helplessly, blissfully pissing myself.

I don't know what I did to deserve this «piss of justice». But I'm willing to take what I have coming to me.

There is actually a moment here where I can feel the lasso slipping. It loosens and falls to the floor and I could get up if I wanted. She isn't even looking at me, her eyes are closed. I could run...

But why would I? This is something like that I would have a naughty dream about... laying in my bed at home...

I stay right where I am... Well, because this is WonderWoman, and she is making me piss my pantees, and she is pissing on me.

She speaks finally! «Do you want it or not?»

« Yes I want it !» I say much too loudly. Her voice seems to change speed, and now is even much lower in pitch. «Ok do you want cream? Sugar? What?»

«Yeah! Both now!»

I then hear OddTodds voice say, what WonderWoman was now lip-synching- «Ok geez you don't have to be so aggressive. Take a chill-pill!» Todd says in his whiney, odd-mannish voice. «Back in five - you owe me four fitty» And WonderWoman winks out of existence... :sigh:

As Todd walked out I got up and ran to the restroom, the wetting

I'd done in my fantasy had somehow dripped into reality. Just possibly now, maybe I will like those wetting videos now.

Finis

(did I mention this is a fiction story?)

