One of my favorite pastimes!

23rd January 2009, 01:17 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

(I don't know if you can say that this is a story... I'm not telling you about an actual event of mine... on the other hand it isn't a completely fictitious story either. I'm talking about a favorite pastime of mine and to describe it I'm sort of giving you an example of it. A fusion of many days at the beach...)

One of my favorite pastimes is sunbathing at a large sand beach. But it's not just the sunbathing itself that I enjoy so much… I'll tell you how a sunny day at the sea can be!

It's important that I am a total stranger to the other people at the beach, it would be pretty embarrassing if someone would recognize me! And I'll right away tell you that this pastime doesn't involve any interactions with other specific persons. It's a pastime that makes me feel very, very relaxed on my own…

At first I choose a nice spot for me. I'm not looking for a secluded spot where no one can see me. On the contrary, I don't mind at all if someone sees me… (You know, Exhibitionist is my middle name!) But I look for a place where there are mostly young women around (of obvious reasons, he!). When I've found my spot I spread out a big towel. I step out of my shorts but I don't at once put on my bikini. Instead I keep my cute, pink cotton panties with laces on. But I do remove my top… Oops! No bra… Never mind, I'm not the only one sunbathing topless!

It's warm and nice and I get thirsty. Not wanting to dehydrate I immediately start to drink lots of mineral water. I've already consumed quite a lot on the bus trip to the beach and am beginning to feel pretty filled up, so to say… Of course I should look for a toilet but I just hate public toilets and besides… I feel so relaxed and comfy that I wouldn't have the strength to get up on my feet… I've put my rucksack under my head and I look around. Good! I'm practically surrounded by young women, I don't want any boys showing up trying to flirt with me… Five or six of the girls are playing with a ball.

By now I really have to pee. And I have no intention what so ever to hold it in… I'm so relaxed that I'm almost asleep when I begin to pee myself, not bothering whether people could see it… I open my eyes and notice that some of the girls actually had caught me in the act. They giggle and point out the wetting girl to the others. I smile upon them and close my eyes again and doze off, half asleep, half awake. Pee still flowing through my panties, which by now are pretty see-through! I imagine that I look kind of sexy, especially as my legs are spread out in a V… I'm very aroused and I'm starting to dream wonderful day dreams about a girl lying upon me, peeing her panties and grinding her pussy against mine…

Suddenly I wake up… Oops, I've one of my hands between my thighs! My God. My panties really are wet! And… I feel that I'm on the verge to come! Something must be done about that! I get up on my feet and walk slowly down to the water. Some teen age girls are looking at me as I'm passing them on my way into the sea. I stop for a moment so that they can see that I've wetted my panties… it makes me even more horny! I continue until the water reaches just above my breasts. I stop quite near a couple of women and start eagerly to masturbate! I begin to moan and the women (quite young and cute…) look at me. I don't bother… it feels so wonderfully nice to caress one self to an orgasm standing in the water, knowing that these women know what I am doing! Even if they can't see it… Other than in my face… And then I come! My body is shaking and my legs go completely soft! I sink below the surface…

I return to my spot, the women gazing after me… My wet panties are so see-through that you can hardly see that I'm wearing them… So I change to my bikini, the bottom as well as the top. I stretch out on the towel (which has a pretty wet spot on it…), very content! I drink more mineral water, I doze off and again I pee myself, feeling the wonderful warm wetness spreading in my bikini bottom… I'm soo relaxed!! It's like the whole nature embraces me! I'm lying on my stomach and with one hand inside my bikini bottom I caress myself to an other wonderful orgasm!

And so a typical day on the beach goes on! Peeing, orgasming, peeing, orgasming… Oh, that's the most relaxing pastime I know of! How I enjoy a day at the beach!

Yvette

