A Not-So Cliche Summer

1st January 2011, 02:51 AM

Author: Jackbower

Location: USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 52

*Warning* This story is very long. I know some people prefer writings that are a little more fast paced, so in respect to your interests I figured I would give you prior notice. *Warning*

I do plan on writing another part to this story, but I can't guarantee anything. Keep in mind there are a few rather large details left out on purpose such as age and specifics on location. Please mention any grammar/spelling issues you see so I can fix them.

Enjoy!

I can definitely say that some of the best times in my life were as kid. I remember every summer my Dad would ship me out to my uncle's farm. He said it was to «put some hair on my chest» or something equally ridiculous along those lines. It seemed I never wanted to go, probably since all I could remember was the hard work. I would always forget all the fun I would have out there" Being out in the middle of nowhere with little human contact is hard. It was limited to basically me, my uncle, and my aunt. Of course there was one other person worth mentioning, Sam. She was the person who made it all worthwhile. I was still pretty young at the time, so my experience with «women» was limited. I mainly hung around boys, since girlfriends weren't exactly popular at the time.

Of course, the silly labels I had to deal with in the city weren't out here. It's just you, and her. No one watching you, and no one judging you, except yourself, and your partner. So if something seems alright to the both of you, it is. It doesn't matter what the people around you say, because there are none. I would say that it was the simple isolation that caused both me and Sam to show such personal feelings. It was definitely a bigger deal for me, since she was out here all the time, but since her only general contact with others was at school, she could still relate. I could tell the time we spent together was equally enjoyed.

The first word that comes to mind when I think of Samantha is beautiful. She had naturally white skin, even with her tan. She had long, straight, and blond hair that reached past her shoulders. I remember her being about as tall as I was. I was about 5'4, so I would say she was around 5'2, maybe 5'3. Give or take a few inches. All in all she had a stunning body, with a flawless face. For someone who worked out on a farm, her face was incredibly smooth and well taken care of as well. She definitely wasn't like any other girl I had ever met, that's for sure.

Granted things may seem clich", I can guarantee you they were not. Every day after working on the farm I would go play with Sam. Sometimes she would be at my Uncle's house waiting; sometimes I would have to run to her house. However we met up, we always managed to see each other someway before that day ended. Whether it was a wave as one of us sat out of the window of the car as we went to the market, or a simple glance out of the window of the house as we were settling in for bed, we always made sure we saw each other before the sun disappeared. It was rare we didn't get to play together though. Every once in a blue moon an exception would pop up, but generally speaking, it was every day. It became almost tradition.

Another thing I loved about Samantha was what she wore. Back in urbanized areas, fashion was higher strung. At the time, girls didn't wear very revealing clothes and the basic fashion was boring. Samantha though, she was unique. I personally believe a lot of the things she did were products of her innocence. I think in some subconscious way it was difficult for me to get off on it, but being a boy, I couldn't help but bask in the situation. She often wore dresses, and loose fitting skirts. Most girls wouldn't even consider that, since we were climbing, jumping, rolling" ect. But it didn't seem to bother Sam. About the only other thing I would ever catch her in were shorts. She also had a thing about bras. She almost never wore them unless she had too, which made it very often that I would manage a glance at some shapes and curves I maybe shouldn't have been seeing.

Her choice in the attire was probably one of the big causes of my interest in her. I can still remember times when I would suggest we go out into the woods and climb trees, influencing her to go first, just so I could get a look up her dress. Granted I didn't quite admit this to myself, it was pretty evident. It wasn't rare at all for me to get a glimpse of her panties, and if I saw her at the just the right angle, I could sometimes and even see up enough to see her chest.

One thing about her I noticed was that even though she didn't where a bra, she almost always had panties on. It seemed odd to me at the time. I didn't know why she didn't wear bras, and I didn't have the courage to ask. I had always figured they were comfortable since I had accidently touched my mom's getting the laundry. I also couldn't help but wonder, if you aren't going to wear a bra, why bother with any underwear? These were things that at the time, and at the peak of my innocence, I couldn't possibly figure out myself.

Besides from a basic glimpse at her underwear here and there, there were of course events that set our experiences apart from other similar stories. I remember once we were deep in the woods, trying to find something interesting. An animal, a new path, maybe even something rare and valuable, when she announced she had to pee. This wasn't uncommon though. We often had to urinate outside, since it was too inconvenient to go all the way back, especially with all the water we drank. We did what we normally did; I stood where I was, while she went a different direction, behind some trees, to relive herself. Normally, she went a decent distance so I couldn't hear what was going on. Sometimes I may here it very faintly, it was still very quiet, and often drowned out with a 'You better not peek!' or something along those line. Lately though, she hadn't been quite as cautious, and the warnings were no longer being said. This time stood out though.

She went to the nearest tree, which was only about twenty, maybe thirty feet away. I was a little surprised when I saw her walk behind a tree so close, just barely big enough to conceal her, then pull up her brown skirt which came down to her knees, pull her panties down, and begin to squat down. Although I could only see her butt (which was still concealed by the skirt), it was still breathtaking. I could hear her urine with a very clear tone, over the silence of the forest.

I wanted to say something, to ask her why she had done it so close, but I was worried if I brought it up, she would dwell on it, and not do it again. So I kept my mouth shut. I just assumed she couldn't make it any farther and had to go then, even if she didn't look desperate. For some reason, this only made me hornier. I didn't know why, but I had a strong urge to watch her pee. Suddenly, I wanted to peek. Not just to see her in the nude, but to actually watch her pee. I wanted to see her panties after going and not wiping. To see and feel the mark left on them. I tried to convince myself it was just to see her naked. Even if I was ashamed by those urges too, it was definitely better than wanting to watch her pee.

This went on for quite awhile. Many a' times I almost caught glimpses of her peeing, and maybe a quick flash of her legs as she pulled her panties back up. For the most part though, she had been concealed. There is one particular incident I remember where this was in no way the case. It was the weekend, so my farm chores had been reduced to the bare minimum. Since it wasn't Sunday, there was no Church either. So the first thing I did was head over to Samantha's house. I remember the door to her house opening. It was her Dad. He let me inside, and sent me up to her room; she had apparently just woken up. Her dad was a nice man, and he liked me. I guess he felt I was too innocent to really bring any harm to his daughter.

So I walked up the stairs to her room, and saw her door closed. Being young and na"ve, I didn't think to knock, so I opened the door. I remember seeing a glorious sight. She was standing there with her back to me. She had her hair up in a ponytail and she was in a long white t-shirt, pulling up a pair of very tight, and very hot, white cut off denim shorts. She noticed the door, and of course, kept pulling up her pants. She turned around with a wide and surprised expression. I was expecting her to scream, and all I could say was 'Oh I'm sorry.' Luckily, she didn't seem too mortified. She said it was alright and I walked in. Thinking back, it's a really good thing she didn't scream. I doubt her Dad would have liked me much after that.

I took a seat on the bed as she dismissed herself to go to the bathroom. I remember her about to walk in (I could see the bathroom from where I was sitting) but her Dad called her down stairs. I didn't think much of it at the time since I was a little preoccupied with what had just happened, and with what was sitting in front of me. What I saw on the floor were pajama pants. They were a deep shade of purple and seemed to have some sort of cartoon character or design on them. I couldn't help myself. After seeing what I did, I craved more, and with no one around to witness my act except God, I made my move. I quickly picked up her pajama pants, ignoring the pajama shirt.

I searching within them, hoping to find a trace of her panties, but to my dismay I found nothing. Or so I thought at first. It didn't take long for me to realized the inside of the PJ's were wet! It was just around the crotch area, so she hadn't wet the bed, and I didn't consider a wet dream considering my limited knowledge of the female anatomy, but either way, it wasn't that either. I had no idea what had happened, but I needed to know if it was urine for sure.

So I sniffed it. It felt so weird to smell it, but I did it, and sure enough, it was urine (at least I was pretty sure). I quickly set them down in a similar fashion that they had been in before, and acted innocent as she returned with two glasses. She handed me a glass of lemonade. I remember her saying 'Oh, let me just put these in the hamper.' As she nonchalantly placed her PJ's in the hamper. I was quite sure she had no idea I had seen her accident. We had our lemonade quickly, and headed out. We went to the woods like we normally did.

It wasn't long until we reached a stream. We would often stop here, and just listen to the water, but today we were jumping across the rocks to the other side, to go deeper in the woods. Right before we got on to the first rock, I heard her say 'Oh man, I should have went to the bathroom.' I figured this was code for; 'I'm going to go to the bathroom when we get on the other side.' Although when we got across all the rocks, she kept on walking with me. It didn't take long at all before she was starting to hold her hand in front of her stomach and keep her legs together as much as possible. I asked her if she wanted to go to the bathroom, but she said she could hold it. I didn't know why she was holding it at the time, but I was enjoying it none the less. We kept on our journey and as we got farther and farther along, her desperation increased.

Every once in awhile I would catch her hand stray on to her pants and she would bounce a little bit, and she would mutter something about needing to go. I remember saying something about how she better go soon or she might wet herself, in a joking manner of course. I remember her saying 'Yeah, I know,' and laughing a bit. As we kept on going, I remember saying something, or doing something, that made her laugh. All I know is that she was laughing pretty hard. I can remember her bending over, with her legs tight together, hands in between, trying to hold back the flood.

I remember her pulling her hands out from her legs and positioning them on her bladder. I then heard it, a sound that would change my life forever. I could hear a hissing noise as her white shorts quickly became saturated and a stream of urine began to trail down her closed legs. I remember we were both laughing. In a city, something like this would have been horribly embarrassing, but out here" who was there to judge her? Me? I surely didn't care. So we both watched as she uncontrollably peed her shorts, soaking the ground beneath her. At the time, I didn't know why she didn't go, but of course time shows all.

The day wasn't over yet though. I remember we headed back to the stream, so she could wash her cloths. I was walking behind her, mesmerized by the site of her wet shorts. I could see through the shorts, given the color, but she had them over her shirt which hung down to about her thighs. Some of the shirt was even visible through the bottom of the shorts. While it was nice the shirt wasn't covering the pants, it made it so I couldn't see her underwear. Of course, I couldn't complain given what I had just lay witness too. When we got to the stream, she headed over to the water and submerged herself, with me removing my shirt and following.

I wasn't sure if she was aware, but I could see plainly through her shirt (not the first time), and her white shorts were transparent, with only a thin layer of nearly transparent piece of cloth blocking her panties. After swimming a little while, we walked out of the stream. We sat and we talked for a little while. She knew she had to get her clothes to dry, and sitting out in the sun seemed rather uncomfortable, so as the conversation went on, we started to talk about" taking our clothes off. I remember her saying she wanted to take them off to let them dry off, but she didn't want to do it alone. I remember my heart skipped a beat at that moment. I was too nervous to undress in front of her, but I didn't want to pass up the opportunity. As we got to talking, I managed to talk her into doing it first. It seemed as though sitting out here went from having our clothes dry, to us revealing ourselves.

I remember her getting up and going behind the tree. Although the front of her was still concealed, I could identify her actions from her sides. I saw her drop her shorts to the ground and pick them up. She stood behind the tree for a minute, too shy to come out. I heard her utter a shy 'Are you ready?' and after giving her a nervous 'Yeah' and a shallow swallow, she came from behind the tree. Although I couldn't see any more then what I could see before, it still seemed so much" more personal". Or rather erotic (granted I didn't quite understand this at the time). To know she was using her shirt a dress, as opposed to just a shirt, seemed to amplify the moment quite significantly.

The way the bottom of the shirt had a way about sticking to her legs, giving me what seemed like glimpses at her panties, and to know if she didn't continue to keep it from sticking to her skin, then everything underneath would become quite exposed seemed to appeal to me quite heartily. Of course now it was my turn. As shy and nervous as I was, there was a bit of excitement. I had never felt this way about anyone before, and no one besides my parents had seen me exposed.

So I stood up, luckily with my underwear keeping my erection from being exposed, and went behind a tree myself. I slowly removed my shorts, and stood for a minute looking at them, suddenly understanding why she too had stood behind the tree, too shy to emerge. So I finally decided to come out from behind the tree, showing her everything. I was worried about what she would think or say, since I knew she could see through my white underwear, probably in some detail. She didn't say much. All I knew is that we were both burning red with embarrassment, but neither of us wanted to stop, for the fires of exploration and pioneering burned hot as well, the same feeling that famous explorers and innovators must have felt.

I had shown her much more than she had shown me, and now, it was her turn. She mumbled a nervous giggle and an 'Okay' as she lifted her shirt where she stood, exposing her breasts and a pair of see-through white panties. I noticed her actions become more conservative being in such a vulnerable position. She seemed to keep her legs closed, which she normally didn't do, and she had her arms crossed. We both looked at each other, and then the ground, and then back at each other. We both knew what was next. I remember saying that we should go ahead and do it, so that's what we did.

We went behind our respective trees and removed our underwear. It felt so weird to be standing there naked, with an erection in front of me. We were both very reluctant to come from the behind the tree, but we agreed to do it at the same time. We both come out, exposing ourselves to each other. I couldn't look away from her wet, exposed body, as I'm sure she couldn't look away from mine. I had never seen a naked woman in my memory. Honoring our initial decision to do this, we took out clothes and laid them out to dry as we walked over and took a seat on a nearby rock.

It was hard to get used to being naked. A matter of fact is seemed impossible, but even if we couldn't used to it, we could at least be somewhat comfortable with each other. In the intensity of the moment, questions and conversation had flowed forth that had ne'er ensued prior, questions and conversation regarding our bodies, our habits, and our needs. I remember her asking about my penis. Why it got big and hard, something's I could answer, while others I couldn't. I knew now was probably the only opportunity to ask her why she didn't wear a bra, but she did wear panties. The great thing about this situation was that she would assume I asked this only based on seeing her exposed now. Rather than seeing her in 'compromising' positions beforehand.

She told me that bras were uncomfortable, something that I should have assumed given have much I had thought about it. She told me that her dad made her wear them whenever they went somewhere, such as church, or even school, yet turned a blind eye to it if she was just out playing in the woods or so. Of course that still didn't answer why she wore panties. She seemed a bit shyer about this question. At the time I knew little to nothing about women's 'periods' or their anatomy, but luckily for me and my innocence, she didn't bring it up. She had told me that if she ever leaked a bit, her panties would absorb it. This was something I had never thought about, and for some reason, turned me on quite a bit. The conversation had taken an interesting turn, one regarding bathroom habits.

I couldn't help but ask the inevitable question, the Le Roi of all embarrassing questions. I asked her if she had ever wet herself, besides the incident that had spawned all this. She gave me a shy smile along with a nod as she lowered her hair from her ponytail, noticeably getting more comfortable, as the conversation got more and more awkward. Trying not to sound too interested I asked her when. She told me that she had wet herself (somewhat) many times. So I asked her the most recent time (not counting the one I had witnessed of course).

She responded with a cute tone, one that showed she was embarrassed but didn't say stop and she said 'This morning.' Then it dawned on me, the PJ's! I tried not to act too surprised and answered with a simple 'Really' like the cool customer I was. She had explained to me that when she woke up, she almost always needed to pee, and more often than not it was quite bad. This particular morning she had to go incredibly bad, much worse than usual, and her dad was in the bathroom when she came running to the door. She then stopped her story to ask me if I was enjoying it.

She had her eyes on my once-faded erection, which had found new life in her story. I was a bit caught off guard, not thinking about it. Since I had already explained the little bit I knew about erections to her earlier in the conversation, she knew what I was feeling. She simply shrugged it off with a giggle and an 'it's okay' and she continued her story. She told me she had been stopped by the locked bathroom door, waiting for her dad to emerge. It didn't take her dad very long to get out, but it proved to be too much for the poor girl to withstand. By the time she got to the toilet, she had lost control of her bladder and found herself yanking down her PJ pants and moving her stream from her pants to her toilet.

I found myself to be in a shocked like state and I could only reply with a simple 'wow'. There was a mild lapse in the conversation, but I had gotten used to this, since in a discussion as personal as this, there is bound to be momentary silences. I wanted to ask her about other times it may have happened, but she had a question of her own, so I waited for a more befitting situation. She asked me if I had ever wet myself. For some strange reason this seemed to catch me off guard, although I should have seen it coming. I couldn't help but wonder the extent in which she found herself fascinated by such a topic and this only caused me to wonder as to the extent in which this topic was actually considered normal. Regardless I had no time for such considerations, as she waited eagerly (I assume) at my response.

I answered honestly, telling the only occasion in which I had befallen such a circumstance was in my second year of school, or rather the first grade. I couldn't remember the event in extreme detail, just that I had found myself in a particularly distasteful position, with an extreme need for the bathroom and a teacher with no plans of succumbing to my pleas. I sat, wiggling around in my seat, until I gave in to the pain and wet myself. Truly an embarrassing event in my life, but fortunately few of the kids in my class had found pleasure at my expense, and the event didn't stick with me. When I had finished my story, she had given me an unneeded apology, one simply to show her morel consideration. I had then planned to ask a question of my own. I wanted to ask her of another occasion when she had wet herself, but she had said something before the words began to leave my mouth.

I remember her saying that she had an idea. At the time I didn't notice it, but now I can look back and see that she had a certain sense of shyness in her voice. She had suggested that we try to peeing our pants out here, right now. I found myself in a confusing position. Part of me wanted to partake, not only to see her do it but to feel it myself, whilst another part me was too afraid. I mumbled a bit, tripping over my own words, simply muttering that I couldn't, not out here, and not now. Of course after putting herself out there like that, she was in no way ready to give up. Her rebuttal was that I 'surely need to go' and 'there was no one around to find out.' I found myself giving in to the daredevil part of me, the part of me that craved exploration and experience. So reluctantly I gave in, beginning to become quite excited at what the near-future held in store. I nervously asked what we should go in, our underwear or shorts.

She seemed to take a moment to consider her options and gave a quizzical expression. She said she wasn't sure, so I suggested that maybe we should do it out shorts. She agreed and we both went over to our clothes, picking up our dry shorts and putting them on. It seemed a shame to put on the shorts now that they were dry. She must have felt the same way because she stopped me and said she had an idea. It might be better to do it in our underwear because it looked like there might be a storm coming in, and we would have to be heading home regardless of our clothes being dry. I was a touch confused and asked her why that would make a difference. She explained to me that we could just leave our underwear out here over night to dry and come get them tomorrow.

I praised her wisdom and set my shorts back down, picking up my underwear which of course were dry as well. I had my underwear on before she had gotten hers' on, so I couldn't help but watch as she slid them into place and positioned them comfortably. The white panties were no longer transparent, but I could still somewhat make out the shape of her womanhood. We stood there looking at each other and we nervously walked a bit closer. I remember her being the first one to ask the question we were both thinking. Who was going to do it first? I was at a loss, but she saved the day once again by suggesting we play a game of rock-paper-scissors to decide. Just like my words, my luck seemed to be minute. I had lost the game and found myself with a semi-full bladder needing to be released into my underwear.

I stood there for at least a minute, with my legs spread, staring down at my pressed down erection, knowing she was staring as well, trying to pee. I just couldn't seem to manage to release my bladder. I could feel the urine at the tip, and I could feel a large amount of pressure trying to push it out, but nothing was happening. As we waited my erection began to fade as my need to pee increased. It must have been the nervousness of the situation. I was even beginning to shake a little bit.

Finally, after a couple minutes of trying to go, I was surprised when a warm stream saturated the front of my underwear, exposing my penis underneath. I felt myself beginning to shake a little harder as my breathing became shallow. I was now more nervous than ever as I looked up to see her fixated on my 'accident'. I also knew that now was the best chance to go, so I gave a push and felt a large stream begin to flow out, one that I didn't have control of. It was too late to go back now so I sat (stood) back and tried to enjoy it. The stream seemed to go through my underwear and make a small waterfall to the ground; the area surrounding the source grew wetter.

Eventually the pee was dropping to the ground from three places. One from the exact spot I was peeing, another from where the pee had leaked down to the bottom of my underwear and began to stream to the ground and the final one slowly went down my legs, adding to the puddle at the ground. When the pee had finally stopped flowing, I pulled back, causing a little bit more urine to leak out. I could tell I was hot with embarrassment, and even she seemed a bit embarrassed, yet it was clear we both enjoyed it. She then gave a swallow, and said 'looks like it's my turn'. She spread her legs, giving me a great view of her body, breasts still perky with youth, and panties that seemed to fit her perfect, not exposing much, yet not leaving too much to the imagination.

She stood there, seemingly having as much trouble as me, but it wasn't long before I saw her body give a small twitch, like someone had startled her or caught her by surprise, and I saw her panties quickly become saturated, with a stream pouring down the middle. I watched the stream as it slowly made the visible wetness in the front of panties get higher and higher.

I watched as it started off as a stream, and slowly went back and forth between crawling down her legs, and flowing straight to the ground, as well as in-between. I was surprised at how much was in her. It wasn't a phenomenal amount given her previous accident, but she still must have drunk a decent amount this morning, or rather while we were swimming. Finally it came to a stop, and I saw a few more quick bursts of pee leave her body, dripping down to the ground. She finally stepped out of the puddle of pee, looked up from the show, and gave me a shy smile. She then suggested we wash off in the stream and quickly dry and get dressed. A storm was coming in, and we needed to get back home.

So we quickly washed off in the stream and dried our legs to the best of our ability and then got dressed, leaving out underwear where they were to dry off. We then quickly took off back home since the storm was coming in quick. The forest was quite a sight in the winds of the incoming rain. It seemed quite ominous and if I hadn't been so humbled by the events earlier, then I would probably feel a touch of fear. Of course my mind was quite distracted, thinking about her body, about wetting ourselves. For some reason I even seemed to take sort of an erotic solace in knowing she was without underwear. She was leading the way, so I found it hard to divert my gaze for her posterior. I almost felt as though she was somewhat naked that way, although there could have been days she didn't wear underwear and I wouldn't have known it.

This thought only seemed to fuel my over active imagination. She had told me the use for panties (at least one of the uses) and now I couldn't help imagine one of those 'leaks' she had brought up, and how visible one of them would be to her pants without panties. Not to mention if somehow her shorts had ended up around her ankles. I would see everything, not just a thin piece of cloth blocking the rest her body. I feel as though the events which transpired that day acted as a sort of the cake in my maturing, me passing a milestone of youth, whilst my own thoughts and deductions acted as the icing. Thinking back I can see how people can be so different. Even in light of the similar events, it's all about your perception of those events.

Fortunately, the events did not end there. The day had come to end and we had gone our different ways for the night, making sure to get and wash our underwear the next day. Sadly it was about a week until our next adventure, then again many people would gladly wait months for the experiences that I had with Sam.

I believe this particular event happened during a sleepover. I know that it was still light out, but darkness would soon arrive, so we had come in for the night. We were sitting together; I was in some shorts and a t-shirt, with her sitting across of me criss-cross style on the floor with a pink tank top (no bra of course) and the very same pajama pants she had leaked in the week before. I of course didn't overlook that little fact, and found it hard to divert my gaze away from where I had seen the stain.

Sadly there was no remaining visible residue of the accident, but regardless I looked, hoping to maybe see some sign of it. Maybe to even train my sight so I could see it on other articles of clothing, so I would instantly know if she had ever found herself in a similar position in her other clothing. Predictably, I found nothing, but I also couldn't get close and examine it with extreme focus, not only would she obviously notice my gaze but I had to keep partial focus on the board game we were playing. I don't remember what game we were playing exactly but I do remember we had been playing for awhile and the game itself began to grow quite tiring, so we were really more into a conversation that point.

Our conversation had been rather tame. It was about things we normally talked about and joked about, but nothing of a sexual nature. As a matter of fact, nothing of last week's events has even been mentioned, except when we went to collect out underwear from by the stream prior, and even then we had made no plans of progressing things. I wasn't sure how she felt about things, but this certainly worried me. I seemed almost obsessed with doing it again, but my shyness prevented me from coming out and seeing her feelings on it. I found myself debating with myself in my head as we talked, when suddenly she mentioned she needed to pee.

I didn't think much about this; I figured she would get up and go. I didn't even consider her house as a potential place until I noticed she didn't get up and go. The longer she waited, the more my mind raced. I remember after a bit longer of playing and talking, she went from a criss-cross position to sitting on her knees. Normally this was nothing significant, but I saw one of her hands rest right over her private areas, and she began quickly and consistently bounce up and down. Now it was apparent to me she needed the toilet quite a bit. I couldn't quite tell if she was desperate or just trying to get comfortable. I asked her if she needed to toilet, and she said yes, but followed up with saying she wanted to finish the game first.

At first I was a bit confused since she didn't seem to be making any attempt to make it go any faster. If anything she was taking her time. I began to wonder if maybe she was doing it on purpose, testing my response. I wanted to be outright and say something, but I couldn't take the chance of saying something weird since it's possible that she really didn't need to go that bad and just wanted to finish the game. I should have remembered I wasn't in the city, and she wasn't judgmental like they were. She was a sweet and caring person who wouldn't have had anything against me if I had brought the topic up, but I still found myself at a loss for words, so I continued typical conversation with her, trying to keep my arousal from showing.

As time went on, she found herself standing, not taking her hand from her crotch at any point. She couldn't seem to stop bouncing, and it was now clear she was desperate. She would occasionally make a comment about needing to go. We had picked the board game from off the ground at this point, setting in the bed so she didn't have to bend down. Of course I didn't mind. At this point the board game was the last thing on my mind. I asked her if she was okay, and she gave me a quick yeah as a response. Not quick in a rude sense, but in a very casual way.

Almost as if she didn't see any reason for me to ask. She asked me why I asked, as if she actually needed an explanation, of course now I can look back and I see she was just testing my interest, pulling it out of me. I told her it was because she looked like she was about pee herself. She gave me a quick laugh and said 'we better hurry up and finish up this game before that happens.' At this point I had assumed without much doubt that she was definitely interested in the peeing, but that little bit of doubt combined with my shyness was still enough to keep me from saying anything.

Finally she had begun rubbing her legs to together quite frantically and her hands seemed to be applying a large amount of pressure to her privates, as she held back the impending waterfall. I remember her saying that she couldn't wait any longer. Now I was quite aroused, and maybe it was the testosterone flowing through me, but I remember saying 'I thought you were going to wait until the game was over to go.' I was hoping that maybe I could get her to wait just a little too long. Unfortunately, my efforts were in vain, she gave me a quick smile and told me that she couldn't do it. She told me I won and headed for the bathroom, still clutching her self and rubbing her legs together as she moved towards the door.

Before she opened her door she seemed to make an attempt to stop holding herself so her dad didn't see her, but it didn't seem to work to well. Rubbing her legs together didn't cut it so once the door had opened; she quickly put both hands frantically to her legs and darted for the bathroom. As I had said before, the bathroom was right across from her room. Although I suppose technically it was a few steps down the hall, it was for all intensive purposes right across. I remember finding it hard to divert my gaze from the door. When I wasn't looking at the door, it was at the light beneath the door. Almost as if I could suddenly get X-ray vision or I would be able to see something interesting through the crack of the door.

While my vision was tested wholeheartedly, my ears left me in awe of what they heard. For as I sat in the silence of her bedroom, with her dad down stairs watching a TV that I could barely make out at all, I could hear her urine as it hit the bottom of the toilet. Almost as soon had she entered the bathroom, had the sound of her peeing begun, and I listened to how differently it sounded as opposed to when I peed. I wanted to get closer, but I could hear the hissing and pitter-patter of water on water going on within the bathroom with a particular sense of clarity, so the risk did not out way the benefits. I simply sat there, with my erection at full force as she released her bladder. It seemed almost endless, until finally I heard it come to a slow stuttering stop.

I had never listened before, but now that I had actually given it the time of day, I could make out the sounds of her wiping, of her pulling her pants up, and of her washing her hands. When all had finished, I managed to divert my gaze innocently to the ground as she opened the door and came back into her room, closing her bedroom door. I simply acted as though I heard nothing and when she walked in she smiled and told how much of relief it had been. I remember her saying 'good thing I went when I did. If I would have waited any longer I would have made a mess!' and then laughing. I gave a small laugh back to be polite, but I found myself extremely aroused. Something about the way she had said it. The choice of words caused my imagination to run wild with images and scenarios of grandeur.

With the board game over we sat on the floor, both of us Criss-Cross and decided to just talk. I didn't mind since it gave me a great opening to stare into where I had previously seen the stain, but now I had something new to imagine. Maybe I could get lucky and find a mark of wetness from her previous close-call, or possibly even residue of stain I had missed before. My eagerness remained, that was for sure. Fueled by lust, I remember asking her if she managed to get there in time. It was intended as a more a cute little joke, one that had a small possibility of wielding interesting results, granted I expected a cute smile and a 'yes' as a response.

What I got was wholly more fulfilling. Her exact words were 'Something like that'. My intrigue was instantly peaked and I responded calmly with 'Well, what do you mean?' She seemed a bit embarrassed which only fueled my interest. She looked down and told me that she 'may have had some trouble holding it in' once she got to the toilet. She looked up red with a nervous smile. I told her that she didn't look that bad when she went for the bathroom, granted this was a bit of a lie simply said for her to go into greater detail.

Luckily, it worked. She told me that once she sees the bathroom, it becomes much harder to hold on. The closer she gets the worse it gets, until she is standing in front of the toilet itself. That's when it's worst. She told me that there had been times where she didn't even need to go that bad until she got in the bathroom and to the toilet, where it almost caused her to lose control. At that point I realized the same thing had happened to me on many occasions. I couldn't help wonder if other people shared the problem.

I was still a touch confused at what had happened, so I decided to get more out of her. I remember asking 'You did make it all the way didn't you?' She seemed to look down and said 'uhhhh, not exactly" but mostly' giving me a quick laugh. Now I had to hear the rest. I pointed out the fact she looked like she did, and I asked what happened. She finally told me the whole story. She had to go really badly when she ran for the bathroom, but figured she could still hold it until she got there. As she ran for the bathroom she found herself growing closer and closer to the toilet, a place where she knew she go, causing her desperation to grow faster than she could run.

When she was in front of the toilet with the door closed, on the verge of dropping her pants, she had lost control for a split second and had leaked in her underwear. I didn't want the situation to grow awkward, but I couldn't help but press the matter. I had thought about it quite intently, running the situation through my head like a mad man. I had deduced that if she had lost control with her pants on the stream would have clipped her pants on the down, and I told her this. I could tell she was a bit taken a back, but also impressed by my skills to determine and analyze the situation. I think somebody who wasn't interested in the same thing that I was would have been offended, but this was a risk I needed to take.

She told me that she had only lost control for second, and managed to hold it off until she got her pants down. I asked her what if she had been delayed by say, 5 seconds. I tried to keep my cool, but it was pretty apparent at this point that I was seriously interested. She told me if she had been stopped in here for 5 seconds, she wasn't too sure, but she probably would have made it, maybe with a touch more damage, but she would have made it all the same. I couldn't help but ask what if she had been delayed in the bathroom for 5 seconds. I asked this because she had specifically said delayed in here. So I couldn't help wonder if there was a difference. She gave me a shy smile and said 'Well, that's a little different"' she said red. She gave a quick and swallow and said 'I probably wouldn't have made it'. She said shrugging, and then we both laughed.

Although things had gone swimmingly so far, I felt I should get as much out of this as possible. So I tried a tactic that was risky indeed, but I was curious to see her response. I told her I didn't believe her. I didn't mean it seriously, I was just messing around. She gave a sort of confused frown. She asked 'Why would lie about that?' Not angrily but curiously. I told that I didn't know why but if she had lost control at all that there would be a visible mark. I was just messing around with her, but I'll never forget what she did next.

I remember her telling me 'There is one!' She, out of nowhere, pulled the front of pajama pants as low as she could (still sitting criss-cross) showing me a pair of tan colored panties. They seemed a bit darker then her skin, and very transparent, with the exception of a thick garter, from what I could see. There was no contest, they were indeed wet. Not soaked, but it was visible she had wet them. At this point I was almost in shock. I simply managed to say 'Well never mind' and she got a look of pride on her face. I don't know how much farther I could have taken things but I knew my shyness kept me from going any farther than that. Now I could let the images in the mind paint a magnificent picture, and let questions of intrigue flow. Such as why she was still wearing that underwear"

Honestly at that point, I had expected her to be done, but she had an idea. She purposed a hold-it contest. This caught me off guard. Now I knew she was seriously interested. She tried to mask the contest as for fun, but I knew why she wanted to do it. She was enjoying this as much as me. I couldn't decline, although I was a touch worried about her dad seeing it. It was a risk I would have to take. This time, the benefits did out way the risk.

She left her room and returned with a pitcher of lemonade and two glasses while I went to the bathroom to make sure we both started at zero. We both began to chug the lemonade, making sure we consumed an equal amount. I think that if she had known more about anatomy she would known how large of an advantage I had at the time. Not because of my different equipment, but rather the fact that she already had left over liquid that didn't leave her bladder before, not to mention her bladder was probably temporarily weakened from holding it before. I of course didn't know this at the time either, so I was playing to win.

It was simple really, the loser wets himself (as she put it) and the winner can excuse herself to the toilet (once again). In order to make myself comfortable, I needed to ask about her dad. How would we clean the cloths? She told me that we could wash the clothes with no chance of being caught since he would be going to sleep shortly anyway and he wouldn't hear a thing we were doing up here. I also asked her what if her dad walked in. Her reply was something about lighting striking. In other words, it wasn't going to happen. So I simply waited with her patiently, drinking lemonade and talking. We occasionally asked about how we were doing and how badly we needed to go, and wasn't long until Sam found herself in predicament.

After awhile I started to feel a bit of pressure in my bladder, but hardly noticeable, while Sam on the other hand was beginning to put her hand on her bladder, not bouncing this time though. I was starting to feel confident. She was already feeling the sting and I had barely begun to feel anything at all. At this point, our conversation had begun to die down, so there was a lot of bored silence. We considered finding something to do, but since we were already in the midst of doing our contest, we figured it probably best not to get involved in anything.

So, I decided to ask a question which had been plaguing me for quite spell. I asked her about the time back in the woods where she peed barely out of sight, and not at all out of ear shot. I surprised she remembered the specific time I was talking about, but she did. She told me she didn't really have an answer. Simply that she was comfortable around me and didn't think I would mind. Then, for reassurance, she asked if I did mind. She seemed almost worried about my answer. As if I would have said yes. I mean even if I wasn't into this kind of thing I doubt I would said I minded at all, but I knew she had doubts like me, so I simply told her I didn't mind at all, and for her own benefit managed to squeeze out it seemed «fun». I was oddly proud of myself for managing to say that, even though it was rather insignificant.

Time continued to flow, as did the urine into our bladders, and words from our mouths. Slowly as our desperation grew we learned more about each other. I remember her asking me, since I had only had one accident several years ago, if I had ever had any 'close-calls'. I asked if she meant like when she had wet her PJ's and she gave me a nod. At this point she was beginning to bounce, and was really starting to feel the effects of the urine filling her bladder, while I was only just starting to feel it, and I was hardly desperate. I had to stop and think for a minute, since no events instantly came to mind. After a few moments of consideration a certain event did come to mind. With the specifics of the event foggy I told her that I was sitting in the car with my mom back in the city. She was giving me a ride home from school. Towards the end of the day I had found myself in quite a large need for the toilet.

More interested in hanging out with my «friends» I had decided to hold it and walk with them to pick up area. When my mom pulled up I got in the car and realized how badly I needed to go. A rule of thumb for buses is that they won't pick you up if you live within 2 miles of the school. Well I lived right on the border. So I was literally a block from getting a bus, so the ride, for the most part, was a solid 2 mile drive with traffic. So I was sitting there in the front seat struggling to hold on to the pee threatening to spray out and stain my pants, as well as the seat. I could tell my mom was trying to hurry for my, and the cars, sake.

Sadly, she could only go so fast. When we finally got home I practically flew out of the car and into the house. As I bolted for the bathroom I could feel myself about to lose control. Upon entering the bathroom I had the same problem that Sam had been stricken with when she leaked in her PJ's. The sight of the toilet amplified my need and as I undid my jeans I lost control. Luckily, I managed to keep myself almost completely dry since I was quick, but I had a wet spot on my underwear and literally a second longer wait would have made that spot much bigger.

After finishing my story I couldn't help but ask the same to her, if she had ever had any 'close-calls'. She told me that she had definitely had some, but she would need to try and remember. Part of me was a little worried that she wouldn't remember, that they would just leave her mind, but luckily, she did remember one. She told me that this one was a little different than the other ones. I would be lying if I wasn't little worried. To me each moment of her desperation was gold, and I was quite eager to get more. Like a drug addict craving his fix. She told me that it was her birthday and her dad was taking her into town to see whichever movie she wanted to see.

Well, she had chosen to see a horror movie. Although she didn't drink much before going to the movies, she didn't go to the bathroom before it started either and with a large coke by her side; well time has a way for changing things. As the movie progressed, it didn't take long for her to regret not going to the toilet, but she figured she could just deal with it and enjoy the movie. After all, it was a seldom event they ever went to the movies. This turned out to be a mistake. It was at this point I stopped her to ask her what she was wearing that day.

I remember her sitting there on her knees, hands in-between her legs rocking back and forth as she slowly grew more and more desperate from her aching bladder. She replied by saying she was wearing her church clothes, which meant a long black dress, probably with a tie around the waist. She went on to say that the longer the movie went on, the worse she got. Not to mention the fact it was horror movie, which wasn't helping at all. She tried to get her mind off of her bladder and on the movie, but her desperation continued to grow.

I could picture the whole thing in my head with extreme detail, and found myself quite aroused, but also filled with suspense. Finally, she told me that she was about at her limit and was highly considering going to the bathroom, but unfortunately for her, somebody in the movie experienced a far worse fate then she did, and they experienced it quite suddenly. As the speakers in the theater boomed, and as her scream mixed with the shrieks around her, she lost control of her bladder for a moment and once she started peeing, she couldn't stop. She said it was coming out slowly and steadily, and unable to use her hands to help, since that would have been too obvious, she couldn't get it to stop for what seemed like the 5 longest seconds of her life. She started to shake all over and was beginning to panic. Luckily she remembered both her dress and panties were black and almost not faded at all, but she knew the difference between leaking and stopping midstream, and that was no leak.

I asked her what it felt like, to pee that much, around so many people" everything. She still had her hands in her lap, holding in the pee that direly begged for release as she sat on her knees. She told me that it was very embarrassing, even though nobody knew, and she had peed enough to not only completely soak her panties, but make it through her dress into the seat, so she was very wet too. She also said the theater was very cold so it was very warm coming out. She went on to say that after she had managed to stop the stream she got up and told her dad she was going to the bathroom.

He told her that this was the best part, and she told him that she was absolutely bursting. Her dad got the message rather fast, but she really didn't like to stand up right after a moment of such adrenaline to go to the bathroom because she was a little paranoid of everyone knowing what had happened. She quickly moved towards the bathrooms, feeling the pee beckoning her for release. Once she had gotten out from the row, she quickly headed down the ramp and towards the door. Luckily the ramp had a big wall separating her from the view of the rest of the people in the theater, sadly, the ramp was quite long and she found herself trying to walk as fast as she could without losing control.

She could feel the wetness of the back of her dress as it hit her leg every step she took, but she was more focused on her impending bladder failure. As the pressure increased she found herself using both hands to suppress the urge. It was in vain because the pressure grew to be too much for her to stop and it slowly started to leak out. It started in a few almost unnoticeable drips that were more like a touch of urine left in the urethra than anything else, and it slowly picked up until she had lost all control and was feeling urine run down both her legs.

She was running at this point, and as she felt the front of her dress get a little wet from where she was holding herself she gave up. She had made it to the exit door of the particular movie into the lobby, but she simply went over into a corner to finish emptying her bladder. Now she could only hope no one would come down the ramp, or entered the movie to witness her act. She tried to spread her legs as to help keep the pee from running down them, but it simply made a stream straight down to the carpet making a large splashing noise. So she had to stand there with the pee running down her legs, soaking her socks and shoes.

When her bladder had finally finished emptying she entered the lobby and crossed the hall into the bathroom. She did her best to clean up but there was only so much she could do with toilet paper, so she headed back to the movie, and did her best to keep her wet dress from touching anyone's leg on the way back to her seat, and she sat cold and wet for the rest of the movie. Luckily, it was almost over and it didn't seem to smell. Even more luckily is that no one seemed to notice, including her dad. The wet spot on her dress wasn't obvious and no one (from what she knew) suspected a thing. I remember laughing a little and telling her that was really more of a complete accident than a close-call. She simply rebuttled with it seemed like a close-call to her since no one found out, and she had warned me it was a little different. Let's just say I had no complaints after hearing that one.

After weaving her tale, she stood, now doing a little dance with her hands helping hold back the pee that was floating inside of her. I could feel the pressure beginning to build inside of me but nothing compared to what she was feeling. Her desperation was clearly greater than mine, I could tell as I watched her dance and bounce away. The time seemed to crawl by, us talking, her dancing, normally I would have been bored, but the dance she was doing I could never get tired of it. The familiar dance of desperation, waning got the toilet, almost...yearning for the toilet one could say.

I don't remember how much time had passed, but it had definitely been a good chunk of time since we had started the contest when I was starting to get desperate. I could now relate to what Samantha had been feeling when she was bouncing up and down. I now knew that simply putting your hand around your thigh seemed to almost help the urge. Of course, Sam was far past this stage, sitting on the bed, rocking back and forth, hands buried within the crevice between her legs, holding on for dear life. At this point she wasn't shy at all about her need for the bathroom and she didn't hesitate to say aloud. If I needed a break from the desperation all I needed to do was focus on Sam's actions and words and I quickly found my arousal helpful to mask the annoyance.

Within the following minutes my state had changed little, but Sam's on the other hand had changed fairly significantly. She had found herself now quickly walking back and forth, pacing as she rubbed her legs together frantically as she feverishly used her hands to rub her privates through her clothing. I knew nothing of female masturbation (and little of male masturbation) so I didn't connect the dots and notice that's what it looked like, of course my innocence did not betray me, it was quite right.

She found this one of the few ways to keep the urine at bay, and at this point she wasn't shy about it. It didn't work to well because she suddenly stopped pacing, looked at me with desperation in her eyes, holding herself, and told me she couldn't hold it any longer and that I won. She asked me what she had to do to go to the bathroom now. In reality I wasn't stopping her, so I had to admire her dedication to the competition. I could have said go ahead and go, but I could have also said you have to pee yourself, but I wanted to do something more fun. I told her if she could do 5 squats and then 5 jumping jacks I would let her use the toilet. Something I knew she couldn't do.

I remember her telling me that if she tried she would pee herself in the process. I told her that you never know until you try. She gave me an almost devious expression. Somehow, even in her rabid desperation she managed to be cute and carefree. She started to squat down, keeping her hands pressed into her womanhood, and her legs pursed together. I told her she needed to bring her hands up and spread her legs. She gave a surprised expression, almost as if she couldn't believe I had said that. She closed her eyes and looked up, almost as if she was focusing as hard as she could.

She removed her hands slowly, and opened her legs. Within seconds of spreading her legs in this squatting position her eyes opened as her hands quickly went back down to hold in the urine and she stood. She bolted for the door, doing her best to hold on, but once she got to the knob, she kept her hands where they were and she stopped, . I heard a familiar hissing sound as I watched the legs of her PJ's darken with urine. I could see a little spot right below her butt where the panties had brought the urine up, dampening the PJ's even higher, and causing urine to darken the backs of her PJ's as well. I could see two little puddles beginning to form beneath her from the urine that made it to the bottom of the PJ's, making two slow stream down each leg to the ground. The urine itself was pouring out fast and loudly. She didn't seem to move the whole time, standing there with her back to me, hands still trying to hold it back.

I could do nothing but sit there, not even focused on my need to pee anymore, enjoying her accident. Around the time the two separate puddles had formed into one big one beneath her, the urine came to a stop, more abrupt than I had expected. Of course the pee continued to run down her legs for a few seconds even after she had stopped reliving herself. She turned around; still distracted by her soaked PJ's and looked at me. I remember her saying something like about how we needed to clean this up. She opened her door, she didn't seem worried at all of her dad being up, which helped my worry of him discovering us, and headed for the bathroom.

She left the door open and bent down to do something so I followed suit and walked in the bathroom with her. She pulled out a towel from the cabinet underneath the sink and stopped for moment thinking. She set it on the counter and sat on the open toilet (still clothed) and gave sigh that said 'What to do, what to do"' I asked her that very thing, 'What do we do now?' It was at that moment I heard the familiar sound of water on water and I realized that with her PJ's still on she was peeing. I remember asking 'Are you". Are you peeing?' She told me 'Yeah' and her logic was that her pants were already wet so it didn't make a difference. Granted it made sense it was surely unexpected and it did leave me a little awkward feeling. It seemed the surprises tonight would never end.

When she was finished emptying her bladder (once again) she stood up, grabbed the towel and said 'Alright.' Of course this was quickly overshadowed with 'Crap, it's running down my legs,' but all the same. She then handed me the towel and told me to help out by cleaning up her 'accident' (as she put it). I was a bit surprised she asked but willing all the same. I went over to the yellow puddle, almost unsure of how to proceed. Part of me wanted to avoid the urine at all costs, this being the normal side of me, while the horny side of me of seemed more than willing to touch it.

So I finally made the first move (as if the urine was planning something) and pressed the towel into the puddle. It quickly absorbed it, and I could feel the tepid urine on my fingers. I could hear Sam open the shower curtains, then turn on the faucet in the bathtub. After mopping up the little puddle of her 'accident' I turned around only to see the bathroom door ajar, with her squatting down, PJ's in hand, and her drenched tan panties, and short little pink t-shirt the only things to cover her shame. She was washing the PJ's under the bathtubs faucet water.

Feeling the effects of my shyness consuming me, I entered the bathroom and asked her what I should do with the towel. She told me to hand it to her, and she took it setting the PJ's at the other end of the tub. She washed the towel beneath the water just as she had done with the pants. When she had gotten out all the urine she stood up and sighed. I remember her saying 'Alright, uhhhh. Alright I'm gonna grab a quick shower, I'll be right out.' I was guessing this was how she planned on cleaning the panties as well as herself.

So I left her to take her shower and I found a nice little place of solitude on the edge of her bed. I took my seat and waited. It wasn't long at all until the water clicked off and I could hear the subtle sounds of her drying herself. It was then she opened the bathroom door. Looking up I was expecting to see here there walking towards me, but what I saw was the door merely cracked open, with her head looking out. She told me to come over here, so I obliged. She simply didn't want to yell in worries of waking up her dad. She told me she had forgotten a dry pair of cloths and she needed me to grab some for her.

I once again obliged to her request and headed back to her room to grab some cloths. I went over to her dresser and opened the top drawer only to find her collection of panties. My imagination was running wild. Here I was with an opening to all her panties, and from this position in her room, I was out of sight. I decided against doing anything rash and grabbed a pair of black panties for her to wear. I was tempted to just bring her those, because who knows, she may have walked out with them on, but I wasn't even sure I should bring her panties at all so I decided against that one and grabbed a pair of women's gym shorts to go along with the panties, and even a new black shirt for good measure. I handed her the clothes and she gave me a quick thanks, and a quick smile, and she closed the door to get dressed.

She walked out in quite a get up. Red gym shorts and a shirt that looked so big it was most likely her dads, but it didn't seem to bother her. She walked in, and then to her dresser, and told me that she was going to change; she 'didn't wear these to bed.' Once again, not worried about me any bit at all she dropped her shorts, for a moment giving me a glimpse at her panties until her shirt dropped covering them. I had expected her to grab another pair of shorts, but she didn't. Her shirt seemed to provide just enough coverage for her (and more than enough for me).

I couldn't help but think back to the last time I had seen her use a shirt to cover her when she wasn't wearing pants, back in the woods where all this had started" It was around the time those thoughts began to surface, and the intensity of the situation began to diminish that I realized I still needed to pee quite a bit. Sadly for Sam she didn't get to lay witness to any desperation, but I could tell she was tired anyway, and I could tell she had enjoyed the events herself as well. Although I didn't want to think about it I knew she was already thinking of some way to even the score anyway. So I excused myself to the bathroom. She said something about it being my prize for winning or something along those lines as I left the room.

I remember walking in the bathroom, flipping on the light, and closing the door behind me, about to relieve myself when I spotted a small mound of clothing in the shower, still soaked. I couldn't help but take a moment to examine it, although my bladder was beginning to become a touch harder to control. I looked in the pile, only to see all of her clothing sitting there next to the towel, all washed. I suddenly felt an urge similar to when I had opened up her underwear drawer. I couldn't help but kneel down and slowly pick up the dripping panties, doing my best to not make too much noise.

I knew I had to be quick, but opportunities such as this didn't arrive very often. I wasn't sure what I wanted to with them, I simply got a feel for them (even if they were wet) and considered stopping, but I had a new urge. I didn't know why, but I suddenly had an urge to smell them. I knew they were washed, and I didn't really get off on the thought of smelling her undergarments but I felt like I needed to do it. Like I had an opportunity in front of me I couldn't pass up, and if I did I would regret it. So I did it, I smelled them. I would lie if I said it was eventful. They had already been washed, so there was little lingering smell, but I felt as though a weight had been lifted off of me.

After setting the panties down in a position similar to how I found them I did my business. In the midst of my business I had realized something, if I could hear her urinate, then surely she could hear me. I did my best to finish up and not panic, since there wasn't anything I could do about it anyway. After washing my hands and what not I exited the bathroom to witness her sitting in the same place I had been sitting when she had went to the bathroom several hours ago, with what I imagine was a similar expression. I simply shrugged it off; she had seen so much anyway.

Me and Sam, not knowing what to do now, simply took a seat at the edge of her bed and talked. We talked about what had happened, about future events, and about our pasts. As the minutes turned to hours, we both lay on her bed, in the darkness of her room, all the lights off, simply illuminated by the light of the moon pouring in through the window. She eventually drifted off to sleep, and I had considered going to curl up in my bed that had been made on the floor, but I decided not to. I was tired as well, and decided to just close my eyes and let the magic of the day take me away. I feel as though in the last hours of our conversation on that fateful night I learned more about her, as did she with me, than ever before. The next morning I awoke, only to her and all of her beauty illuminated in the sunshine, with her hand placed gently on my chest.

Part one: End.

Your opinions and criticisms are welcome.

