Holiday Camping Weekend Part 15

8th June 2009, 04:30 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I woke early as usual. I woke up needing to piss and also was erect as far as my penis. I stepped out in the early morning sunshine to take my piss alongside the tent. I was just about to walk over behind the side of the tent to piss and up came Kathy riding on her bike! She saw me standing ther in my boxers and she yelled out Victor wait! I turned and looked over at her as she came riding into the campsite which she rode right up to me and stopped.

What are you doing? Did you just get up? Kathy asked me. I told her that I just did get up and I have to piss. Good I didn't miss it then! Kathy said right back to me as she got off from her bike and let it fall to the ground. I came to help you she smiled and said to me. Oh hold me while I go? I said back to her. Well that too! But help you take down your tent and pack up she said back to me but giggling as she said it to me.

As we both now went around the side of y tent Kathy told me she could take a good piss too. Giggleing some more she told me she had got right up and dressed and came right up here. So I haven't taken my morning piss either. So we now were standing beside the tent together. Kathy just reached right over and yanked my boxers right down past my knees and let go of them. They slid down around my feet.

Kathy looked right at my erect penis almost pointing stright up and giggling a little harder told me; Well at least one part of you is wide awake already this morning! Then she took a hold of it with her hand which was warm and she pushed it down some and aimed it at the bushes in front of us. Kathy had on a shortsleeve top with sweatpants so as she held me waiting for me to start pissing I slipped one hand down the backside of her sweatpants and she wasn't wearing panties

I placed my hand on her asscheek. Kathy giggled some more.

I started my piss now. Out came my stream taking a low long curving arc through the air hitting the bushes out in front of me about six feet where I was standing. My stream was yellow and I sighed. Since Kathy had pulled my erect penis down it was a little uncomfortible this time for me. I asked her to let my penis up some. So she did. My stream made a much higher arc now. Also since she had let my penis rise upward my piss stream also got harder which that felt much better to me now. My stream stayed going the distance as it had been too.

Feel better now Victor? Kathy asked me. Much better! I said back to her. Kathy was fidgeting a little for my hand that was down inside the back of her sweatpants on her asscheek was sliding around some. Kathy was kind of doing a slight peedance as she stood next to me. I asked her if she had to go real bad. She told me yes! Then let me take over. You don't have to hold me. I'm not forcing you to do it. Kathy told me she knew that. I was the one that wanted to. But Kathy then told me to do it and I slipped my hand out from her sweatpants and took a hold of my penis with it.

Kathy immeadiatly shoved her sweatpants down real hard with both of her hands. Thet like my boxers slid down and then they fell further crumpling up around her ankles and sneakers. Kathy squated right down. No sooner once she was sqauted down her piss came gushing out of her shooting a outward arcing spraying stream from her vagina! In just a few seconds she had made a big wet spot in te dirt about two feet out in front of her. She let out a loud sigh of relief now that she was pissing.

The wet spot she was making in the dirt grew bigger in area fast for with her piss spraying the spraying droplets of piss comming off from her stream wetted the dirt around the area where her stream was wetting it. Thus the doplets wetted the dry dirt area and doing this the dry areas shrank and turned dark. So thedry areas got wetted and the area that was wetted by her piss stream and spraying droplets filled in making one larger dark wet area on the dirt on the ground.

I was still pissing but my stream was easing off now. My stream fell through the air loosing its arc. So I just pushe my erect penis down as my stream fell and wound up pissing in the dirt out on front f me making a small wet area in it. Then I came to a stoop. I didn't bother to push to make any finishing spurts. I just bent over and grabbed my boxers and pulled them right back up. Then after pulling them up I looked back over at Kathy.

She was still pissing but no longer as hard as she had been. Her stream had come back some along with it spraying a lot less droplets of piss off from her stream. Then her stream suddenly stopped as I watched. Then this was only for a quick couple of seconds. Kathy got out of her low squat and got up into a higher squat. Then she started pissing again. This time her stream came out thin twisted hissing and went straight down to the dirt under her.

Kathy took a quick glance over at me and told me she didn't want to pee on her sweatpants. Then she went back looking down. Kathy pissed long enough so that she made a small wet area in the dirt underr her and a very small piss puddle had formed in the dirt also. So there was some splashing sound now along with the soft hising that her stream was still making. Then her stream thinned out its hissing stopping and then her stream came to a stop.

Kathy was not finished yet though. For she stayed squated and she did a series of hising spurts for she was pushing making sure her bladder was empty. Doing this took her another ten seons. Then without any dripping she did stop her spurting and she grabbed her sweat pants as she stood up and pulled them up over her hips and back on her waist. She looked at the wet areas in te dirt from our pissing. Looks like we will have to wait to let the ground dry out before we take the tent down Kathy said to me. It does look that way I said back to her. So she and I ducked into the tent and we foolded around for a little while together in the tent as we did pickup inisde and I got dressed.

The items in my tent were taken care of and we tossed them outside. Then we stepped out of the tent and the ground had dried on the isde where we had pissed. Kathy and I then took my tent down and rolled it yp stuffed it back int its bag along wth the fberglass poles. and stakes. We then carried the tentbag,sleepingbag,and backpack over to my bike and strapped everything down. We hopped on our bikes and rode down to Kathys campsite to have breakfast and then we would leave to head back home.

When we got to Kathys campsite we both put our bikes on the bike rack on the Kathys parents rv. We went inisde and breakfast was just about ready. Both her parents said good morning to me which I said good morning back to both of them. Kathy and I sat down at the dinette table and soon her parents joined us at the table. John her brother was missing. We were told he had already ate and was out saying goodbye to his girlfriend. He should be back shortly.

We ate a good but leisurly breakfast and when we finished I and Kathy helped to clean up. John came in just as we finished cleaning up. THat was it now to hit the road and home. Kathys dad and mom sat u in front together and us three Kathy,John, and I sat at the dinette table playing cards. Soon we were on the the interstate going south. The trip home always seemes faster and in no time it seemed her dad was asking which way to go to get to my house for we were off the interstate and we were on Rte 9 a state highway. I went up front saw where we were and told her dad to make a left once were across the river.

He did and he knew where we were and soon we were in Cohoes and he knew the back way into Green Island where I lived. Once in Green Island I showed him the way to the street I lived on and we pulled right up in front of the house where I lived and Kathy and I got out and took our bikes off from the rack. We said goodbye to her parents and I thanked them both and told them I would see them next weekend. They said I was welcome and see you on Saturday. They drove away.

Kathy saw my grey Mustang convertible parked on the other isde of the street and told me it was nice and she couldn't wait to take a ride in it. I told her we would but lets get thing taken care of first. So we walked our bikes up the gangway and back to the garage behind the house. We put our bikes in the garage and I took my tent and backpack while Kathy grabbed my sleepingbag and we walked back to my apartment outside door which I unlocked it and we both went inside.

Kathy of course took a quick look around the entire apartment. She really liked the little den I had where my streo equipment was and she also liked my bedroom and wnen she looked in the bathjroom and saw the old large high clawfoot bathtub. She told me Now that looks nice and it is sure going to feel good to take a bath in it too! I gave her a kiss first and I told her it sure would feel good to me too!

We then put my camping stuff away first and unpacked my backpack. All my lothes were dirty that was in in it so they all got tossed in the laundry hamper. Then we had a cold beer and then Kathy taking another look in the bathroom asked me if I had any bubblebath. I didn't. So I told her looks like we have to take a ride to get some. We quickly drank down our beer and went out to my Mustang and got in it. I unlatched the top,started the car hit the top switch and put the top down. Then we took off for a sort ride over to the A&P market.

On the way over to the market Kathy loved the ride. This is so cool! she said to me. I laughed andf several minutes later we were at the market went inside got some bubblebath, back out to the car and were back at my place in a flash! We went inside I locked the door and we both stripped each other right down in the middle of the kitchen and then we went into the bathroom and filled up the tub and put the bubblebath in as the tub filled.

Once the tub was filled Kathy let me get in first. Oh the warm water felt real good as I stepped in the tub. I helped Kathy step in after I got in. She let out a very long Ahhh feeling the warm water just on her legs. We both then sat down and she let out another long ahhh. That feels so good! Then we layed back with our heads reasting on the high back of the tub totaly enjoying the warmth of the water on our bodies.

After just relaxing in the soothing warm water we did wash each other. Both of us went nice and slow taking our time. This was so relaxing and erotic at the same time. I took my time giving both of Kathys breasts a very soothing washing and by the time I moved down from them her nipples were swollen up and stiff! She had taken care of my chest and stomach and she now had a hold of my penis which was erect and she was washing it off. Giggling fells good? she asked me. I smiled and told her it did. She smiled back at me and went on gently washing it as I was now doing her belly and moved on to do her legs.

It did take some time to wash each other down. We both stood up to do each others backs and backsides. Then it became time to rinse off so Kathy pulled the plug drained the tub and we both stepped out and she rinsed all the bubblebath out of the tub. She put the plug back in nad she refilled the tub but not as much as before. Becuase when I got back in and laid back out in the tub my erect penis was poking above the water and bobbed around in it! Kathy saw this as she climbed back in and laid out next to me she was laughing. Looks like you have a litle bobber there Victor! I looked at my bobbing penis and I laughed took a hold of it and wiggled it around even more.

Kathy laughed of course and I then told her that I think that my bobber had a leak in it. I had to piss now from drinking the bottle of beer earlier. Kathy knew what I ment. I was going to get out of the tub to piss in the toilet but Kathy grabbed my arm and told me it was ok to piss in the tub. So I layed back again and she took my erect penis in her hand so I took mine off from it.

So Kathy then next slid my penis down just so its head was just under the water. I started to piss which the force of my piss made the water over its head shoot upwad along with a very short weak arcing stream which arced right over inches above the water and splashed softly in the bath water. Kathy giggled as she saw this and I saw it happening also so I gave a hard push which shot my stream upward higher above the water and came down into the bathwater harder making a bigger splash. This nade Kathy gigle even harder. So I pushed off and on all the while I pissed making lower and higher arcing streams of piss shoot out from my penis. This kept Kathy giggling all the time while I pissed like this.

Then my stream eased right off making the arc in it stream get shorter and shorter. Right before I stopped my piss I was just barely sending piss shooting above the bathwater and then I did did stop. Then Kathy told me it was her turn. She let go of my penis stood up and I slid over into the middle of the tub. Kathy stradled me and sqauted right down. She also again held my penis holding it still with her hand. The other hand she placed on my shoulder to steady herself and we waited for her to piss.

It was a very short wait too. A few second had only passed and Kathy started to piss sending out a hissing stream of piss out from her vagina. It shot straight down hitting the head of my penis dead center! She also had her piss splashing off from it and along with the soft hissing sound of her piss stream there was te sound of her piss splashing in the bath water too. Boy her piss was not warm it felt hot on my penises head! Maybe the bathwater had cooled some now that is why her piss felt hot on my penis!

Kathy took only for her a short piss this time. Could have been about ten seocnds or so maybe a tad longer then that. Then her stream came to a quick stop and it did drip a few times and that was it as far as her piss. I thought to myslef that I wished that she did go longer. But any piss or I should say golden shower was always welcomed! Kathy then stood up and she stepped out of the tub. She reached out and told me come on lets get dried off! So I took her hand and got out of the tub with her. She grabbed both of the large towels on the rack and she dried me off very quickly only on my back only. She told me to do the same so I did.

Then she tossed the twoel down on the floor that she had used on me and I had to do the same for Kathy was pulling me towards the door to get out of the bathroom very quickly! She pulled me right into my bedroom and she sat down on my bed and pulled me down with her. Then she slid over and laid right out on her back on the bed and she pulled me over to her and she and I kissed each other very hard several times in a row. While we kissed I felt her hand go right for my erect penis which she took a good hold on it and started jerking it off. I slipped my hands down on her two breasts as we kept up our kissing and started massaging both of her nipples very fast with my fingers.

Kathy broke off the hard kiss took a quick look at me and she let out a quick moan and pulled me back down and kissed me even harder! We went on repeatedly kissing and her hand stroked on my penis and I went on massaging her nipples but I wanted to check how her vagina was so I slipped a jhand down to it and I felt that it was very warm,wet,and her clit was already swollen right up and stiff! As I had touched her clit with my finger Kathy let out a moan and arched n her back upwards. Then she broke off the hard kiss we were doing. Mount me Victor! is all she said to me.

So I got up and moved back. Kathy lifted up her feet and legs off from the bed. She opened her thighs as wide as she could get them I started to move between her outstretched legs and thighs holding my penis in my hand getting it in positin to insert it as I lowered my self down. Kathy reached over with her hand and hoarsley said to me; Let me do it! So I let her take a hold og my penis in her hand. I lowered my slef down more and I felt her warm wet pussy on my penises head and it was sliding now onto my shaft as it was sliding into her.

Kathy took her hand off from my penis and then with both hands she placed them on my asscheeks and shoved hard on them with her hands! My penis then slid right up into her and Kathy then kept one hand on my ass Nad pulled me down wrapping her legs around me as she did this and she and I started kissing very hard and our bodies started thrusting back and forth together!

Several minutes later Kathy pushe my head down to her one breast as we roked away hard. I started sucking on that breast and I had aslo slipped a hand down to her vagina and massaged her clit when I could. Kathy was gasping very hard and between gasps she told me go harder! GO Harder? So I really speed up with my pumping and took full length pumps making my penis take very long in and outward strokes inside of her vagina. Kathy then between her heavy breathing and moans of pleasure started to bite me on my neck at first then she bore down sucking on it very hard giving me a hicky.

It could have been several minutes more or eeven longer all of a sudden Kathy really pounded her hips back and fourth real fast. Then I felt her heals of her feet dig into my asscheeks and she pinned me tight into her! I felt warm liquid spurting past the shaft of my penis wetting it and wetting my thighs. Kathy then really arched her back let out a hard but short scream and stayed very stiff. Kathy had climaxed.

I felt her squirts keep comming out wetting me more for waht seemed to be a very long time. Then she stopped her squrting eased up the preasure with her feet on my ass. She pulled her head up and she kissed me hard several times in a row. Then she told me it was my turn. She slipped her hand down to my penis grabbing it shaft towards the bottom of it started squeezing it in her hand. I started pumping again and so Did Kathy.

I still had my hand down above her vagina with my fnger stillon her clit. So I massaged it slowly hoping that I could make Kathy cum a second time before I did. Our rythem sood sped up as far as both of us. Kathy had taken her hand off from my penises shaft now. There was no longer needed or romm to keep it there. Instead she had reached around my asscheek and now had my balls cupped with that hand. She now was queezing them as our bodeis pumped.

We went on and it looked like Kathy was goingto cum a second time before I did. She again was moaning and pumping very hard into me. Also she had taken her hand off from my balls. I felt her do it but didn't see her do it. Along with not seing her take that hand and she wetted her one finger with spit. I was to busy now sucking on her other breast and enjoying having her nipple in my mouth!

Then I felt her fnger which she had wetted hit on my asshole as my ass rose upward. It poked it and slid inside of it and she pushed it into my asshole making it fully inseretd! My asshole tightened right up on it. I pulled my mouth away from her breast and I looked at her. Before I could say a word Kathy pushed my head right back down to her breast and whispereing at the same time saying Trust me! You will like this!

It did feel good having her finger sliding in my asshole! What Kathy did next was take my hand away that was on her clit and she slipped it down and took my longest wet finger and she poked it into her own asshole! Then she told me; Whats good for the goose is also good for the gander! So like her I slid my finger back and forth in her asshole!This made Kathy slow her pumping down but she took slower longer pumps each time she did.

Well with her finger sliding in my asshole and the longer strokes which now really felt good on my penis I felt the very familair bulding sensation building up rapidly in my groin area. So Is ped up my thrusts and just before I exploded I did a very fast single thrust whgich Kathy squeezed very hard her vagina,placed her feet on my asscheeks pinning me again. I started shooting hard spurts of cum up inside her! Kathy let out rapid screams of absolute pleasure in a row.

Then as my spurts of cum got less intense she came for the second time. I felt her spurts of cum wetting my balls and thighs! Kathy was arched as far as her back again and she was very stiff and her vaghina was clamped down even hgader on my penis! I now had stopped cumming but I was now shooting dry loads for my openis was twitching. Then it stopped. Kathy too now was done cumming for she was no noger had her back arched and she had let up with her feet on my ass.

We started kissing and as we did Kathy slid her finger slowly out from my assghole and I did the same with mine that was in her asshole. We then stopped our hard kissing and we both needed to catch our breath which we did. My penis was still inserted in her vagina and it was just begining to soften. Kathy pulled my head down to hers and we started to kiss again but we kissed softly this time. I felt warm liquid now comming from her vagina.

Kathy broke the kiss off right then. She looked right at me. Do you mind that I'm wetting the bed Victor? I looked right back at her and told her to go right on doing it! Kathy and I went right back to our kissing as she pissed and she wound up taking a long piss and really wetted the bed big time. There was a reason why I had let her. There was a tight thick plastic bedsheet under the sheets and that protected the matress. The bed was not mine for the furinture was the landlords. I rented a furnished apartment at this time. So that is why I didn't mind if Kathy pissed.

After Kathy finished her piss we both did get up out f the bed. We did strip both of the piss soaked sheets of the bed. Kathy laughed seeing the plastic sheet. Thats why you didn't stop me! Kathy said to me. I let out a short laugh and told Kathy yes. She and I tossed the wte sheets in the laundry hamper. Then Kathy since she had done the pissing went and washed off the plastic bedsheet and we got dressed and went to the luandry mat which was jsut a couple of short blocks away.

While there we did my laundry and we brought two bottles of beer which we drank and got the wash doen and then dried it. Then we took a ride going to lunch and then after that went back to my apartment and made up the bed and took care of my other laundry and put it away. We did this all in the nude for when we first got back we again stripped each other down in the kitchen again!

Since we had eaten and everything esle again was out of the way Kathy and I cuddled up on the couch in the den and listened to my stereo. We both fell asleep together on the couch which turned into a nice nap which we both needed. We both woke up from the nap almsot at the same time. Kathy had woke up just before I had. I woke up and I had a erection which Kathy was holding on to with her hand! Do you want to go for a second round Victor! Kathy asked me. You seem to be up for it! Kathy said to me giggling this time and giving my erect penis a shake with her hand. I told her I could. So we got up from the couch and went straight for the bedroom.

In the bedroom we laid down together and of course we kissed and I this time played with just one of her nipples and I slipped my hand right down to Kathys vagina and placed one of my fingers on her clit. It was moist but soft this time. So I gently massaged it this time to start off with. Kathy slowly with her hand pumped my penis with it and we kissed repeatedly for awhile.

Then after some time had passed Kathy asked me if I had something that she could piss into. She didn't want to get up or piss on the bed gain. At least not right now! she added saying to me. I was laying on the window wall side of the bed so I reached right over and down between the wall and the matress and I pulled up a clean empty mayonese jar.

I smiled and told Kathy that I used it when I had to piss and didn't want to get up and go. I'm lazy at times I said to Kathy; Kathy laughed and told me right now I'm glad you are lazy Victor! So I unscrewed the top off from the jar and Kathy got up on her knees. I reached over with the mayonese jar placing it between her thighs and under her vagina and tilted it a little.

Kaqthy started to piss into the empty jar very hard! She wasn't kidding about needing to piss and not wanting to wet the bed. Her piss stream hissed loud and splashed hard in the jar as I held it. It rapidly filled with her piss. I felt its warmth on my fingers and hand as it filled. Kathy let out a sigh of relief too right after she had started. It was a quart size jar and by the time that Kathys stream eased off she had three quarters filled it up with piss! She did some dribbling and dripping to finish this piss.

When she did stop dripping piss I screwed the cap back on and placed the jar on the floor along side the bed. I laid out on the bed with my head now down between her knees and Kathy sqauted down puting her vagina up before my lips. I licked her wte pubic hair smelling the light oder of fresh piss and the taste of piss on my tounge as I licked her. I did this for several minutes. Then I stopped.

Kathy then moved but as she did she asked me if I needed to piss. I did and I told her that I had to. Kathy told me she would be right back. She hopped off from the bed grabbed the mayonese jar and went out of the bedroom with it. She went into the bthroom for I heard her unscrew its lid the splashing of her piss as she dumped the jar out and then the toilet flushing. Then she rinsied it out and came back in the bedroom with te clean empty jar in her hand.

I got up on my knees and so did Kathy when she joined me on the bed. She unscrewed the lid taking it off the jar and laid it on the bedsheet. Then she took a hold of my penis in one hand took the jar and slipped it over the head of my penis so it was inside the jar and told me to go ahead and piss! I looked at her and she looked at me. Then we both glanced down at the jar together.

I started pissing sending a good hard stream of piss into the empty jar. Since Kathy had the jar tilted way over my stream mostly ran down the side of the jar nad made a hard but small splash inside of the botom of the jar. MY piss was quite foamy too for a lot of piss foam formed on top of my piss right from the start. My piss quickly went up the side of the jar. So Kathy had to change my penises angle so she pushed down on it and she changed the tilt of the jar also. Now the level of my piss in the jar dropped now making plenty more room in the jar for my piss.

I like Kathy I took a pretty good piss. Not as long but almost as much in te jar as she had done with her piss. My stream eased up I did a few short spurts and dribbled to a stop. Kathy quickly pulled the jar away screwed the lid back on the jar and set in on the floor. THis tme she laid out on the bed and she reached for my penis took a hold of it and told me that her vagina was wwaiting for some strokes from my tounge!

So Ilaned right over and down and Kathy slipped her lips over my penis and started suckcin and sliding her lips up and down on it as now I started teasing Kathys clit and side lips of her vagina with my tounge. Soon I was also flicking it in and out of her slit too. Kathy was now sucking a little harder on my penis and going a little faster up and down it too.

Then a short time later Kathy did slip her mouth off from my penis. I was still licking her. I heard her say lick my other hole Victor. I' want you inisde my ass this time too! So I slid down to herasshole and wetted it with my tounge. Her asshole puckered as I did this and Kathy was back sucking on me again and she was sucking very hard now too.

I took turns doing her asshole and her vagina. I got both of them quite wet. Kathy then slapped my asscheeks with her hands and slowly pulled her mouth up my penises shaft and off of it. I'm ready she whispered to me and she turned and rolled over on her side. I laid out behind her on my side. Kathy slid her ass over and my penises head touched herwet asshole. Kathy reached back over with her hand and said to me; Let go let me do it just push slowly Victor!

Kathy held my penis as I eased my hips foward and sliding them over on the sheet at the same time. My penis started to slip into her asshole which was very tight on it for I only had its head just poked into it. My ring was just inside of it too. Kathy whispered loudly; Stop Victor! So I did. We stayed like this for a couple of minutes and then Kathy started easing her ass back towards me making my penis slide in deeper. It was very slow going since Kathy asshole was so tight.

Then a idea struck me. I told her wait! I have something that will help. So Kathy dod stop her pressing back into me. I reached back with my one arm towards the stand by the bed. I knew what I was looking for and I felt my hand touch it. I pulled it off from the stand and with a pop I poened the small jar that I had in my hand. I rubbed some of it on my finger and rubbed my penises shaft with the substance in the jar. Then I rubbed some on Kathys asshole.

Kathy feeling me rub my fnger around her asshole felt that was what I was using felt slippery and was at first thick. Vasiline! she said loudly to me. I let out a short laugh. I told Kathy you are right! I set the jar down and then Kathy pressed back with her ass making my pensi slide righgt into her deeper and without any discomfort to Kathy. I botomed out against her asscheeks and then we started both to slowly pum our bodies. I took oy one hand slipped it to her clit again massagng it with a finger. With my other hand I inserted afinger inside of her vagina and pumped it with that finger.

Kathy responded by starting to pum harder back and forth and she also started massaging her own two nipples with her fingers. Then after a short while had passed as we went along Kathy told me when I was fully inserted with my penis to stop. So on the next inward stroke fully inserted I stopped. Kathy squeezed down hgard on my penis with her asshole clamping down in it! With her clamping down my shft was pushed out some so I had to push back to get it fully insrted again and would then push back and that kept me fully insterted.

I did that everytime now on each forward thrust. My reward for doing this and Kathy squeezing and clamping down with her asshole; Boy that ever feel soooo good! There was only one drawback to doing it this way. ( whic I and her didn't manid at all) With the long strokes being taken and s her squeezing and clamping of her ashole on my penis I wound up comming a lot faster!

I soon felt the need to cum on real fast and hard. I managed only to do a few hard fast long strokes and then I exploded sending out wad after wad of cum deep up inside of Kathy. She reacted by letting out screams as she felt my penis jerking and the warmth of my wads of cum shootinmg inside of her. I did stop stroking my finger inside of her vagina but I really now massaged Kathys stiff clit real fast as I came.

Then I stopped my cumming and my body went limp. I still massaged Kathys clit and in a coupe of minutes she came very hard! My finger still inserted in her vagina got wetted with spraying cum. Kathy shook and let out loyd moans and her asshole quivered very hard on my penis. THis went on all at the same time! With all of this happening at once especially with the hard squeezing and clamping of her asshole on my penis I didn't shoot cum out from my penis. I felt like I was squirting out spurts of piss from my penis now. To Kathy ithe way she reacted to this happening was jsut like I was still cumming!

Kathys climax ended. She like me had her body go limp except for herasshole. She started t push which made my penis slide out of it. It laid against her asscheeks for Kathy had sld bac pressing er ass into me now as she lay there for a short couple of momnets . Then I reached over with my one hand that had been down at her vagina and I placed it on her breast and I lifted my head up and I leaned over and I kissed her. She reached up with her one hand placing it on the back of my head and we reapeatedly kissed one right after the other.

After a few minutes of this type of kissing we stopped. Kathy told me that it sure felt good to her. I told her it was the same for me. Then she told me I must be really empty as far as the amount of cum she felt from me. I hesitated at forst. The n I said to her; I don't think that it was all cum Kathy. I think some of it was piss. Kathy was silent fr several seconds. Then she told me; Even if it was that felt good too! We settled down in the bed after that staying in a hug together. Again we drifted off to sleep taking another nap but a longer one this time.

When we did wake up after sleeping for better then three hours this time. Kathy told me she better use the toilet this time. So we got up and went straight into the bathroom. Kathy sat down fast on te toilet. She started pissing hard for there was loud splashing comming frm the toilet. It was hard spurts of piss that I heard but Kathy was sitting with her thighs together so I couldn't see her piss. She did many hard spurts some short some long. There was also many wet sounding farts to go along with the spurting sound of her pissing.

Then Kathy finaly did stop. She rolled some paper from te roll reache down between her thighs and gave herself a very long wipe. Then she stood up and flushed the toilet right after she stood up and stepped to the side of the toilet to let me go. I stepped up to the toilet which Kathy took my soft penis in her hand. I started to piss right then having my piss stream shoot through the cener of the hole in the toilet seat. Kathy had not put it up when she got up. I took a long piss this time.

Long enough that Kathy stood and she kissed me on my cheek several times as she held my penis. Doing this not paying attention made her hand move my penis. I now had turned my head and we were kissing together so neither one of us heard the loud splashing of my piss hitting the water for it had stopped. We both then realized that it had stopped its splashing and we turned and looked to see why. My stream was hiting all over the toilet seat instead! Kathy jerked my penis back over and my stream moved and shot back through the opening in the seat.

Both Kathy and I started to then laugh together. Well thats what you get for not paying attention when you should have Kathy! She laughed and told me I was right. My fault but just like a boy its your piss all over the seat! We both laughed again. I went on and finished my piss. Kathy dd clean up after I finished.

Then we went out to the kitchen Kathy then surprised me that she wanted to stay thye night. Bring me home tomorrow Victor! Please? It had been planned that I would bring her home today. Well I don't mind at all if you did stay Kathy. Your going to have to call and tell your parents. Kathy told me that she would call them and as long as she did she was sure it would be ok. So we quickly got dressed and walked over to the hotel which was across from my house and the small park.

