My neighbour and I

13th August 2008, 11:41 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

When I was younger,I never considered myself to be attracted to the same sex but that changed.

One day I was watching the new neighbors move in and the woman who looked about my same age was amazing. She had the most amazing breasts I've ever seen. I watched as she and her husband moved stuff in the house. I watched those amazing breats jiggle because she didn't have on a bra. I didn't even see the man, just the woman. As I watched her bend over to pick up a box of something, I noticed she had a nice ass and the next thing I know, I'm wet and my pussy is actually throbbing. 

I had to touch myself just to ease the throb. I think it took 3 minutes to get off just by watching her. The next morning I watched her husband drive away so I thought I would be neighborly and introduce myself. I figured that I was just having a horny moment the day before and it had nothing to do with her. I was wrong. As soon as she opened the door, my eyes were glued to her tits. She had a tank top on and her tits were big but firm. She didn't have a bra on that day either. I introduced myself and she told me her name was Allie.

She asked if I wanted coffee. We sat in the kitchen talking but my eyes kept moving to her tits. Finally she asked me if I wanted to touch them. I was so stunned I was sure I heard wrong. "Excuse me?" I said. "Do you want to touch my tits?" I got really flustered. "I know that you've been looking at them and I don't mind you touching them. I can tell they're distracting you. " I was still so stunned but I nodded because I really did want to touch them. She led me into her living room and she took her tank top off. I gasped. They were huge and the brown of her nipple was so inviting.They where a bit puffy and I reached out and touched one. It was hard. I just played with it for a few seconds and I don't know where I got my nerve, but I asked her if I could suck it. She said yes and moved my head to her. I sucked on it as hard as I could. Allie let out a soft moan as I did flick my tongue over her nipple.

I've never felt so aroused in my life. I was so wet that my panties couldn't hold it all. I had the wetness running down my leg.My pussy trobbed hard a few times and I felt warm, wet and so swollen down there.The wetness kept pouring down my legs and I realized I was leaking a bit of pee too.

At the same time, I felt an orgasm starting to build deep inside of my pussy. She noticed and said never mind the wetness.We are women, and it happens to me sometimes too.

Then she asked me if I would masturbate for her. I told her I would. I laid down on the couch and she sat at the end of my feet watching me as I moved my fingers in and out of my pussy. I was so aroused that I had to slow down so I wouldn't cum so fast. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and I came so hard I almost fainted.

She said, Now its my turn. I watched as she moved her fingers in and out of her pussy. She would lick each finger as she took it out. I got wet again just watching her. She asked me if she could masturbate me at the same time she did her. I just nodded. She put her finger on my clit and she put her other finger on hers and around and around her fingers went. I finally cried out from the orgasm she caused. I'd never felt like that. I was just finishing my long orgasm when she let out a scream and fell on top of me. She must have had a hard orgasm because she shook for about a minute or two, and while she did, I felt a warm wetness flowing out of her and over my abdomen and hips.It took me some seconds to realize she had lost her bladder controll and that she was wetting herself. I loved the wet feeling, but I did not tell her anything.I did not want to embarass her.

Finally we got up. She said that she might have to clean the coach a bit, and then she laughed. Then she invited me to take a shower with her.After that, we kissed and dressed and I left. We've never done that again but sometimes, when she's out watering her lawn, or planting flowers I watch her and masturbate at my window.

