Pee in the stream

30th October 2012, 12:20 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Alright ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to share an experience from my late teens. It involves two females and myself using a small stream to relieve ourselves in. I will apologize before hand if I happen to use the term "crick." Being from Pennsylvania, that's synonym from creek or stream, just when us Pennsylvanians head south and use that term we get looked at real funny! So, now that that's cleared up, we'll begin!

So, as a teen, one of my best friend's was Megan. Now, Megan and I's Mother's were extremely close, so naturally, so were we. We spent many summers together and shared every detail of our lives with each other. Megan and myself both shared a passion for the outdoors and we'd often build makeshift shelters in the woods where we could just hang out without being interrupted by anyone. It was almost like a vacation from the real world. Many kids our age found this weird as they were into video games and television, but Megan and I hailed from a small, farming community. We were raised outdoors and loved it.

Moving on, Megan stood about 5'9 and was solidly built. She wasn't fat, she just had curves. She always had a beautiful, golden tan, blonde hair that fell to the middle of her back, and the biggest dimples when she smiled. She was absolutely stunning. She sported perfectly proportioned D cup boobs. Her arms were toned and she had an hour glass shape. Her hips were quite wide, and she had a large, bubble shaped ass. The kind you just want to squeeze on for hours! Her thighs also had quite a bit of mass. All in all, her body was nearly identical to the sex goddess that was Marilyn Monroe, except with a bit more tone.

It was a summer day when Megan came over with her friend Skylar. We won't go into too much detail about Skylar as this will be the only story I have about her. We'll just say that Skylar was a shorter brunette, probably about 5'2. She sported a dark tan. She had quite a build also. She was slender, was flat chested, but what she lacked, her thick ass and thighs more than made up for.

Being summer, both girls were dressed for the weather. Skylar wore a tight pair of light colored jeans, a pink V neck belly shirt, and a pair of white Adidas tennis shoes. Megan opted for some short denim shorts, a tight fitting, white spaghetti strap that showed off her cleavage along with her sexy stomach. Like Skylar, Megan also opted for the same style white Adidas tennis shoes. They both looked like female athletes.

Soon after their arrival, Megan wanted to take a trip to a structure we had constructed in the woods nearby so we could all hang out, chit-chat, and discuss plans for later. Without further ado, we each grabbed a large one liter bottle of water and set off. The "fort" as we called it was about a 20 minute hike into the woods and was completely secluded from everyone. Upon reaching our destination, we took the time to do just as we had planned. We sipped our water bottles until they were empty and chatted with each other for an entire three hours. Time flew as we were joking and laughing together.

I grew quite desperate during our time there until I finally said "I'm sorry, I really need to pee. I'll be right back." I tried to be as much as a gentleman as possible as I was unsure how Skylar would react to my need to pee. Megan spoke up and suggested "Just pee right here, it's nothing I haven't seen before and you don't mind do you, Skylar?" Skylar quickly responded with "Nope, I'm going to need to go here shortly, too."

Megan was right, we peed in front of each other quite often.

So, in the middle of our fort was a small stream that divided it right down the middle. The stream had an area of land washed out about 20" deep and 2 ft. wide. The water flowed slowly and gently at the bottom of the crevice, completely silent. The stream itself was no more than 4" deep. There was always something about peeing in water outdoors that I've enjoyed, so I unzipped, pulled out my cock, and directed it toward the stream. Both of the girls grinned at each other as they were delighted with the sight.

Immediately, I began to pee, arching my stream into the center of the creek. It created a nice little sound. It was a bit more powerful than a trickle, but it was still rather gentle as I wasn't pushing it out as if it were a power piss. I was enjoying the relief as well as getting satisfaction knowing the girls were getting excited watching. Skylar got on her feet and said "I really have to go now. I really want to pee in the water too. It's just so cool to see the bubbles from the pee and to hear it hit the water!" By this time, I was finished and gave my cock a few good shakes as the stream carried the bubbles from my piss downstream. Megan joked "Shake it more than twice and you're just playing with it!" Perhaps she was right though!

By this time, Skylar spotted what would allow her to relieve herself into the water. On the bank of the creek and in the center of the fort stood a mighty oak tree. A couple feet away from the tree was a large rock sticking out of the bank. What made it special though was the oak grew a large root around the rock and directly over the middle of the stream. It was shaped like a toilet seat, just it was round instead of elliptical. Skylar shouted with excitement to Megan and I "Mother Nature does provide for girls! Check this out, it's like a personal toilet seat over the stream!" Megan was also overjoyed with the sight and declared "Yes, I have to piss so bad too!"

When Megan says she has to piss, she usually is so desperate that she is seconds from pissing herself. She wetted herself constantly, even though she was no longer a child. Her mother often thought that Megan had a bladder problem, but with Megan and I being so close, I knew Megan would allow herself to become so desperate that she wouldn't be able to make it to the bathroom. One time on a road trip together, she held it so long that when she went into a 2L bottle in my passenger seat, she overflowed it and had to finish on my floor board because she couldn't stop peeing. (I'll detail that one for ya'll later!)

Skylar was determined to go first though and told Megan "Let me go first and then you can use my toilet." Megan wasn't thrilled about it and just muttered "Well, just fucking hurry up or I'm going to have an accident over here!"

Skylar was still purely delighted with her new found "toilet" and wasn't bothered by Megan's desperation. She unbuttoned her jeans and yanked them around her knees. Next came her black thong before she moved into position. She sat her plump ass on the rock sticking from the bank and positioned her pretty little, pink, bald, pussy in the center of the circle formed by the root, directly over the top of the stream. She was pure smiles. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do this! Thank you Mother Nature for this oppurtunity." She spread her legs wide which allowed some sunlight to hit her pussy. She had a bikini tan line down there. Her smooth pussy sparkled like glitter with dampness in the light. She was extremely excited.

"Here I go" She exclaimed as she let out small stream. It splashed the slow flowing water running just a foot and a half below making a little tinkle. It wasn't long until her stream began to pick up, becoming louder. It was what I would consider a "lady-like" stream. Soft, gentle, and slow. It was a bit more than a trickle, but not much more. It wasn't long until she noticed the bubbles floating down the stream created by her piss.

"Oh my God, Look at my bubbles! This is so cool!" She exclaimed. She was in no hurry to finish, savoring every drop of pee that exited her pussy and into the stream. This bothered Megan to the point that she demanded "Hurry the hell up! I can't wait any longer." Skylar obliged saying "Almost done. Just give me a second." With that, Skylar forced out as much as she could with three good spurts. The spurts were much stronger than her stream was originally and blasted the creek loudly. This caused Megan to nearly lose it. She danced, grabbed her crotch, and grinded her teeth before declaring "OH SHIT!"

Skylar reassured her "I'm done! I'm done!" as she took out a tissue to wipe her pussy. She wiped and threw the tissue to the stream allowing it to dissolve and disappear downstream. In the meantime though, Megan was in pure agony. I let it be known that she didn't have to piss in the creek and could do it right where she was, but she wanted to use the creek instead. She begged me "Unbutton my shorts and pull down my zipper for me, please! I can't move my hand or I'm going to pee myself!" I carried out her demands when Skylar announced a problem she had "I can't stand up or I'm going to fall into the creek." I immediately grabbed Skylar from the other side of the creek, picked her up over my head, accidently putting my nose right into her pussy. She let out a quick little "Ohhh" as this happened.

Upon getting her back on land I jumped across the creek to once again address Megan's needs. "Ok, I'm going to put my hand down my panties and hold myself. I need you to pull my shorts and underwear down around my knees for me." It was a dire attempt to keep her shorts dry. We followed through with her plans. As I lowered her shorts, I noticed she had already leaked a fair amount creating a wet patch in her shorts and panties. Her pussy too was shaved. It was soaked with piss. Unlike Skylar though, Megan had fat pussy lips covering her pink inner bits. She too had bikini tan lines down there.

Once Megan had her panties around her knees, she made a straight shot for the stream. Her hand never left her crotch and she waddled a bit like a duck. Skylar and I both laughed. "It's not fucking funny guys! I'm about to overflow this damn stream." She strained to hold herself and speak at the same time. She positioned herself the same as Skylar. Her ass on the rock, pussy in the center of the hole the root created, and legs spread wide giving Skylar and I a bird's eye view. She removed her hand and let out a huge spurt. "Ohh. Not yet!" She scolded herself. The spurt completely overshot the stream and hit the loose dirt on the side of the ditch instead. It created a miniature landslide as it blasted the loose dirt into the stream.

She re-positioned herself and this time let loose with a bit more control. It still pelted the stream stirring up sediment at the bottom, created foam which covered the top of the water, and sounded like someone was dumping a bucket of water into a pool. "Ahhh. That feels so fucking good that it hurts." She informed us. Her body trembled as she let loose. "Damn, you did have to piss!" Skylar admitted. "No shit! I wouldn't fake it. Next time you make me wait, I'm going to piss on you!" Megan rebutted. Her stream continued strong. So strong that I'm not kidding when I say she could have gave power pisser Ana Didovic a run for her money.

"I feel sorry for anyone downstream." Megan joked. "I'm about to flood their asses out!" It surely seemed that way as the foam continued to build from her powerful piss. Skylar was amazed. "Look how foamy it is! Have you been drinking beer?" Skylar laughed. "Nope. It's just that when I pee, I don't pee like a little girl!" Megan said sarcastically. Skylar couldn't muster anything up besides "Touche." Megan got her on that one.

Just as Megan's strong, quarter sized thick diameter, laser jet pee was beginning to slow slightly, Skylar let out an "Oh my goodness." I had no idea what was going on, so I asked "What?!" Skylar responded with "A fish!" pointing just upstream of where Megan was pissing! Both girls got so excited as the little minnow tried to desperately swim upstream, against the current, away from Megan's piss. "I wanna piss on it. Come here little fishy." Megan boasted excitedly.

The fish was no match for the current which was pushing it closer to Megan's still strong stream. "Here it comes. Keep peeing!" Skylar warned Megan. The little fish was doomed, now inches away. Megan watched closely as the fish passed closely under her, just in front of her stream. She arched her back and relaxed her muscles, now allowing the pee to literally gush out of her and arch even farther forward. "You pinned it. You fucking pinned it to the bottom of the stream." Skylar boasted. "I'm so fucking jealous that I didn't get to piss on a fish!" The fish disappeared underneath of all Megan's foam she created in the creek.

We all laughed hysterically. Megan's pee was coming to an end, it's intensity changing intermittently as she laughed. "Man, I haven't pissed like that in a long time. That poor fucking fishy." Megan said with relief in her voice. "Here's a tissue" Skylar told Megan trying to hand it to her. "Fuck that tissue. I'll show you how to do it." Megan grabbed her pussy with a finger on each side and shook her pussy lips vigorously, sending drops of pee everywhere. This was much hotter than seeing her wipe. I already had a hard-on, but this made it even harder. Both girls obviously noticed as they stood staring at the bulge in my pants. "Sorry, but that was pretty hot!" I apologized. Skylar agreed with me and we both lamented over Megan's pee. "Man, you pissed forever. It had to be almost a two minute continuous gush." Skylar said. "I just had to go. I'm glad you two witnessed it. It was a thing of beauty, wasn't it? Plus, you got to see me pee on the fish. Poor little guy." Megan responded

She was right. It was a thing of beauty. Especially seeing her shake her pussy at the end. Megan and I are still close and she still visits the oak tree to piss into the stream quite often whenever she comes around. I couldn't ask for a better best friend than her!

