Drying After Wetting

27th September 2005, 07:24 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

This is another article that some lady wrote for one of the forums a few years ago. It seems that she doesn't mind going in her pants from time to time.

She wrote:

Drying after Wetting

"Since I also wet my pants like some of the others posting on this board, I'm a lot more alert to spot other ladies that have indulged themselves in this delightful pastime. Sometimes my shorts and jeans display a dried pee stain from some recent indiscretion. Once in a while when I'm at home I'll be too lazy to walk to the bathroom and just go in my pants. It's usually no big deal and I don't think my daughter even notices. Anyway, I often don't bother changing until they've dried and may even venture out to do the shopping.

I don't like going out of the house when I'm really wet and I sometimes get quite embarrassed if I wet myself in public. When I'm drinking, however, I become a lot less inhibited and frequently think I can just go in my pants if I'm discreet enough. All to often this results in a pronounced wet stain surrounding my crotch and ass. I'll wear a long sweater or blouse that I can pull over my wet butt, even though that doesn't always work. Believe me, others have noticed too.

Frequently during the summer my daughter and I will spend a lot of time at the beach. Our favorite place to hang out has an amusement park right next to it and a full day will find us going to both. The toilets are really dirty and are never maintained. It's amazing how many of the teenage girls, including my daughter think nothing of peeing their swimsuits even in these crowded areas. I've seen so many girls wet themselves, some of them even in the amusement park. It is just so suggestive. I'm almost thirty-five and few notice even when I do it. Last summer I saw no less than three dozen women from their late teens to their mid thirties parading around in peed pants. I know because often I was one of them.

I still enjoy wetting myself at the beach and have been doing it ever since I was a kid. I love to sit on my towel and sand chair with a book, crossing and uncrossing my legs until the inevitable happens. It doesn't seem to matter if I'm wearing short shorts or a swimsuit, but the slow soaking they receive always turns me on. Several times my dribbling has even resulted in an orgasm. I'll stay there reading for an hour or so until I'm nearly dry before venturing out along the beach for a walk. If I've worn a light colored swimsuit the resultant stain surrounding my pussy and ass makes it all to obvious what I've done. I hope it is suggestive enough that other women will think that they can do the same thing.

Warm weather is much more conducive to wetting your pants than cold weather. Nice cool wet shorts on a warm or hot day can be a delight. However, I'll refrain from going in my pants on cold days even though I sometimes do that to.

Chafing, especially if I intend to wear my wet clothing for any length of time can be uncomfortable. One time I was at a large party where they served a lot of alcohol. I'd been wise enough to wear a dress and was able to go in my panties several times with no one really noticing. I don't think the other guests even paid any attention to the wetness on my butt. I just changed into fresh panties when I got home and threw the badly stained ones in the laundry basket with some of the others I'd wet that week".

How many other ladies enjoy doing this?

