The awakening

7th December 2010, 10:31 PM

Author: slippery_when_wet

Location: Manchester (Sex: Male) Posts: 114

Story so far... I had accidentally witnessed some girls peeing outside a disco, one of them who was quite drunk, opened her legs and flashed me...

University was looming on the horizon and the long summer holiday lay ahead. A group of us who had been involved in a rural improvements scheme had been chosen to help on a project clearing a section of neglected canal. We were offered a chance to spend 3 weeks camping by part of the canal network, finishing off a stretch of towpath. Food and travelling expenses were paid, so we thought.... what the hell, why not. As it turned out, 14 of us ended up going, 8 guys and 6 girls, one of whom was the girl I had seen peeing at a disco. I had had no contact with her during the intervening time, and had almost completely put the incident from my mind, although I did still occasionally have a quick wank thinking about her.

There was no proper campsite near the canal, but there was a car park and public toilet about 2 or 3 hundred yards away and a leisure centre where we could shower, about another 2 hundred yards further away still. We spent the days working hard, and the evenings drinking in a pub about half a mile down the towpath in the opposite direction to the car park. Needless to say, on the way back from the pub most nights, the boys would need to piss, so the girls walked on ahead while the guys had competitions to see who could piss the furthest over the canal. The girls would walk about 30 yards or so away and wait while we joked and pissed, occasionally they'd sneak a look and yell at us not to be so juvenile and hurry up.

Inevitably some of us paired off, the boys seemed to work better alongside a girl so we formed 6 mixed couples and two guys. I'm still not sure if it was by accident, or design on her part, but my work buddy was the girl from the disco, I wasn't complaining, she was quite cute and when the work got hot she'd strip off down to a bikini top and a pair of very short shorts, exposing an expanse of bottom cheek when she bent over. Nothing much happened at first, but then we got to holding hands and kissing and after a few days we would escape when we could for a quick fondle and grope but I got the feeling that touching was a far as I was going to get.

The 'petting' sessions usually ended with my hand in her knickers, gently stroking what always seemed to be a very wet pussy, I can't be sure if she orgasmed every time but she didn't seem to complain, though apart from squeezing and rubbing my cock, my only fun came when I was alone back in my tent, furiously wanking while I sniffed and sucked my 'sticky' fingers.

One evening, we left the pub before the others, and finding a secluded spot, quickly got down to some teasing and groping, as usual I had my hand inside her pants and was kneading and stroking and trying to get a finger inside her. The angle wasn't quite right and she pulled her jeans and panties down a little to allow me easier access, suddenly my finger shot up her wet pussy and the effect was electric, she gasped and clamped down hard on my finger, groaned and shook while I wriggled and plunged, then she grabbed my hand and pulled it away, I must have looked confused because she said not to worry, but she needed to pee. Grinning I told her to go right ahead, it was nothing I hadn't seen before... she blushed bright crimson and told me she wasn't sure it was me she'd flashed at, she had been quite drunk and had only a hazy recollection of the event. She told me to turn around which I obligingly did, and I was rewarded by the sound of gushing pee.

Of course I turned round to watch, she was sideways on to me, but obligingly turned a little so I could see a yellow stream, but not where it was coming from, I leant closer and was completely enthralled by the sight of a hot stream of pee erupting from her spread pussy lips. She quickly finished and pulled up her panties

, blushing very prettily all the while. Then she asked me if I had enjoyed the show, I told her it was the most horny thing I'd ever experienced, and that I'd take the memory of it to my grave.... or words to that effect. Still blushing she said that it wasn't fair, I'd seen her pee twice and she'd never seen me. Now I'd drunk 3 pints of beer, quite a lot for an eighteen year old, and really needed to pee too, but my cock was ramrod hard and I told her I couldn't go...

She called me a coward, so I got my hard cock out and tried to piss for her, she watched intently from about two feet away, and as my raging hard-on began to subside, a small trickle started to flow, which turned into a huge torrent, wordlessly she leaned forward and put a finger in the golden stream, then took my cock in her hand and directed the stream down her leg, completely oblivious to anything else. When my flow subsided, she took me completely by surprise and leaned forward kissing the end of my cock, tasting the last drips.

"Enjoy the show?" I said, after I'd tucked my still semi-hard cock away, oh yes she replied I've dreamed about that for months... to be continued....

