Sharing sleeping bag

1st January 2008, 09:32 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Emma and I were on a four days bicycle tour. Don't remember how we got that crazy idea... It was summer, in July, and we were 18 years old at the time. We were lucky, the weather was fine, maybe a bit to hot. But we frequently passed lakes where we could take a cooling swim, so it wasn't bad at all!

The third night, however, there was thundering! Emma started to whimper, she was afraid of thunder. She asked if she could come and sleep with me in my sleeping bag. Of course I didn't object! I mean I'm bisexual! But I knew that she is straight so I didn't expect any hanky panky. But the thought of having a very cute girl beside me in a tight sleeping bag was arousing! And it was tight! We had only panties on and I felt her breasts against mine: I knew my nipples grew hard! But we were tired and soon we fell asleep.

In the middle of the night I woke up. It was Emma... She was chafing her crotch against my thigh!

- Emma, what are you doing, I asked her.

- I need to pee! I really need to pee..., she answered.

- But why don't you go out and pee then?

- It's a thunderstorm and it's raining, she whimpered.

She continued to rub herself against my thigh in her effort to hold back the pee! I couldn't help beeing really turned on and, now awake, I felt I had to pee too...

- Now I've to pee too, I said and moved a little so I could rub my pussy against her thigh. She didn't object... Instead she moaned and panted and I felt her panties becoming damp against my thigh. Was she...? Well, I certainly was soaking wet between my legs from my cunt juices, so why shouldn't she...? We went on rubbing our pussies and started to moan even louder! I put my arms around her and she responded by doing the same to me! So I got daring and turned us a little so that our pussies got in contact with eachother and so we began rubbing our pussies!

I felt close to an orgasm by now... And obviously so was she! She started screaming, short panting cries! Now we were rubbing pussies furiously! We cried out loud when we come simultanously! And in the same moment I felt a warm flood on my thigh! She was peeing herself! And I couldn't hold back either... I let go and now the two of us were both peeing and orgasming! It was such a tremendous experience!

Afterwards we changed to her sleeping bag!

