While the mother is out...

11th July 2010, 02:57 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Every so often, I travel to meet old friends and inevitably wake up the morning after the night before, with a raging head and a drive home. I also, head permitting, lie there in the morning wondering whether the lady of the house will get up and bring me tea before I get myself up! There have been occasions where its just the two of us in the house - everyone else at work - and, many years ago, we did have a sort of a prelude to a fling, but??

Last time I Was there, I decided to try something different after the meal, the wine and beer - I had a few pints of water before retiring and also took a 2 litre bottle to bed - hangovers are prevented through hydration you see. Anyway, after a reasonably good nights sleep, I am lying there as usual, drifting in and out of sleep and listening to the noises of a normal Sunday morning in this house; people getting ready for work, muffled sleepy voices and so on, I was waiting until things quietened down so I could go for a pee. Not a really urgent need, but as I dozed, my bladder was sending regular messages suggesting I did this.

Anyway, I must have dozed off again, because I surfaced, now pretty desperate, and heard two voices in conversation, both female, and heard the word tea in there, then a door opening and closing as someone left. Another little doze; then just one voice, female, humming away. I didn't want to wander around naked - regardless of who it was; so rolled over, threw the sheets over me as best I could and closed my eyes again.

Dozing again, I allowed myself to fantasise a little, partly I think to ensure that if I DID fall asleep again, I wouldn't wet the bed; and then...

The door squeaked as the handle was turned; then opened, I lie there. Whoever it was didn't seem to be worrying about how much noise was being made - the door closed and I heard a cup go on the table by the bed, and then whoever it was turned, took a few steps and twisted the door handle - then nothing! The handle squeaked again and I sensed someone over me.

"Hmm, well, it has been a very long time since I had a play with one of these" I knew the voice; it wasn't the one I was expecting - it was her daughter. Mid 20's, almost 6 ft with legs that went on forever; modesty that told you she KNEW her legs were good and therefore everyone should see as much of them as possible; small self sufficient breasts; she would, to her mother's disgust, wander around while getting ready to go out, in a short slip; legs on view, those breasts poking against the flimsy material. Oh, she was hot alright; but had recently ended a relationship and announced herself to be no longer interested in men. (it later became clear that she was bi; but preferred women overall)

What the hell to do? A little silence, then I felt just the brush of a finger, a nail, on my cock - hard, remember and realised that the sheet wasn't doing quite what it should under the circumstances. I listened to her breathing, a sigh; then she was kneeling beside me - and the touch became a grip as she lifted my erect cock; and put her tongue on the tip. At this point, any pretence of my being asleep had to cease - I wasn't sure whether I was about to explode there and then, or piss myself. I opened my eyes and she looked at me; quizzically, "Remind me. How do these work? "And why would you be interested?" was the best I could manage. Croaky, confused - should I be embarrassed? She is not a child; bloody attractive, but still...

"If I remember, this is what is known as morning glory, right?" In all its glory too - very impressive. Not as large as the one I strap on; but then, those come in MANY sizes." She squeezed me hard and ran her finger over the tip of my cock - "and the strap on doesn't self lubricate either!"

"It's part morning glory, part having the view I have from here and part a VERY full bladder Steph. So do be careful!" That view; she had, I surmised, come home from a night out around breakfast time, so was clearly heading for sleep. She had on a short nightie and from where i lay, those breasts were on full view; down beyond in fact, the riple of an almost perfect abdomen and (whether shadow or reality) the suggestion of whisps of blonde hair.

She glanced down at her chest; "Well, if imagination is no longer required, then I suppose this can go" and go it did - up and over her head in one swift move. Now I could see her for real; and she simply confirmed what I knew already. Gorgeous. "So what was this about the state of your bladder? Does someone need a wee-wee?" And I looked on, eyes wide as she moved her head down towards the tip of my cock again - I could feel her breath on me. And she took me in her mouth. Her tongue flicked me; her teeth raked teh underside of my cock head. Now, no way could she have known this, but having that done will cause me to take off after very few seconds; it's just TOO much. Way too sensitive down there - "Whoa, no, stop! Ooh that's over the pleasure pain border" And I spurted. Just a little. Oh, Christ on a bike; I peed in her mouth.

"Mm. Hot spring water, a dash of saltiness. Pee tastes of what's been running through you - I know, and don't worry; yours is not the first I have tasted. You know? For pissing games, you men have all the right bits. You can aim, the stream is guided and muscle powered; you don't spray all over the place or piss down your legs, it all goes where it's supposed to. Want to know something else my strap on - or my girlfriends can't do? They can't piss inside me. I have had pee on me, I have drunk it - but I want to know what it feels like to have it happen inside of me!

"You do?" Still confused and trying to be judge, jury, moral adviser, opportunist all in one!

"Yep - and don't worry. Nobody will ever know! So. You have tea here; that will replace what you lost, so until you have finished it (it was a large mug) I'll just hold on to you - but try not to be too long; I have been downing water like it's going out of fashion and I am nothing like as dehydrated as i thought." She bit her lip and rolled her eyes at me.

"OK, so... How about this? You get to feel me pee inside of you - I can't pee when totally hard, so we may have to do something about THIS first, but after, I'll pee like that old racehorse - and what I want to do about it is to be inside of you when you are full. When you are at the point where you think you are about to leak for yourself. Have you ever experienced that?" She looked at me. "I have little eggs. They go inside; I go out for the evening. When I need to pee - badly - I turn them up a little. Believe me - in a dark nightclub, with a short skirt and wide belt, nobody knows. And nobody except me knows whether my moves are orgasm, pee dance - both, or as happened once; orgasm followed by pee down both legs...

Tea. It was still hot, I was desperate to piss. I had to down the mugfull and as I did, I was treated to a different view. Steph stood up, that blonde pussy almost at face level, then pulled up at her outer lips before placing two fingers at her pee hole; then crossing her legs. "Liquid. YOU put some in; I have gallons wanting to get out. I drained the tea and sat up, just rubbing myself gently as an insurance. "Ooh, OK, so where? I could actually feel my cock pulsing - was I about to cum, or was it pee? I suspected the former, but no way was I going to let that happen just yet. I stood, my cock pressed itself against the fingers holding her pee and I put my hands against her pert, proud nippled breasts. Now? Before nature decides for itself Where???

"My room" Her room - her bed. And what do you know? towels all over it. Yeah, it was laundry, but so useful all the same. She lay back across the bed, and as soon as she was settled, the fingers resumed their task. "oh, I really need to get rid of this - so, so desperate. Hey Mr! Don't forget; lesbians don't get pregnant! I want to see you cum, do it on my stomach. Quick? I am seriously going to spray you if you don't make a move here". That was all I needed really - I was holding on for dear life; but those words and just a couple of strokes?

I shot all over her stomach, up on her breasts and even her neck. She sat up - "birth control" she said, jamming her legs shut, then taking me in her hand; then in her mouth again; coating me in her saliva, cleaning every last trace of sperm from me. Oh, I was still hard after, "Fuck me" Harder still. She put the tip of me against her pussy - so hot, so wet - tight, but due to awesome muscles and a very full bladder. It was fortunate that I had remained so hard; she was really not so easy to push into, but with her fingers and mine easing; we managed it.

"Oh, fucking hell! Oh that's pressing so hard; jeez. Fuck me, no, pee! Pee in me. Quick before I absolutely burst here! I straightened her legs up against my torso, pushed as hard inside of her as I could, and closed my eyes. For just a brief second I imagined standing at the toilet, letting rip; then it happened. I was peeing. Pissing hard inside of her - my pee came flooding out again; she contracted - involuntarily, cried out, I felt her pussy rippling - ripples clamping around my cock; then forcing me out of her as she came - and came again. I, however, was not dome peeing. "Shit, sorry!" was all I could manage; "On me, on me!" I pissed hard against her clit; the hood pushed up and away by the force of it; then up on her stomach. She sat; almost creased in half with her need to pee; grabbed my cock and drank again; then played the final streams across her face, eyes closed, mouth open.

Standing legs tightly crossed and stooping slightly, she held me close - we were both wet now. "Shower time I think? and she stooped suddenly. I noticed a trickle down one leg. "Oh, ok, too desperate. Pissing" She regained control, but her walk to the bathroom was a painful one! Her parents have a double shower. It has a steam room setting; a spa bath setting and it probably makes tea.

However, that morning, the one thing I Was grateful for was that it had seats - I sat; she sat on me, facing me, grabbed my cock again and then, really for the first and only time; held my around the back of my head and kissed me hard. Tensed thighs relaxed and I sensed a sigh. I felt a trickle; the trickle increased in intensity - and she peed. A regular stream, unhurried, it went on for what seemed an age. Just hot against my cock and her hand; pouring down between us and flowing down the shower drain. As her stream subsided; she released me from the kiss; raised herself a little; shook herself as if to shake off any drips; then ran her hands between her legs, before rubbing them on my face. "I have no idea how I held it for that long; believe me. With you pissing merrily away inside of me, I so wanted to let it go. Oh, that was masochistic."

