Desperation can be good

17th September 2010, 02:14 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

On a recent holiday trip, I was sharing a room with another lady, that I had not known before. I needed to go and pee, but she was in the bathroom for quite a time already.

Without another thought, I looked through the keyhole to find out whether it would take her much longer to come out, since I was beginning to get desperate.

What I saw was just stunning for me: she was sitting on the toilet, her two legs up, with her feet on the sink on the one side, and a little cupboard on the other, holding my magnifying mirror in one hand a bit underneath her clit, and working on it with the other hand, pulling her hood up with her thumb, and sliding over her erect clitoris with two other fingers. The view could not have been better. I got so horny as never before, but I was also desperate for a pee. I had to put my hand between my legs too hold it in, but as I did, I automtically squeezed my tighs around it.

That felt so good, that for a moment, I just closed my eyes and let out a moan of delight. A pro orgasmic shiver went through me, and involantarily, I let out a spurt of pee in my pants.

I panicked, and not knowing what else to do, I opened the door. The lady let out a little gasp of shock and threw her legs down, as I apollagized for bursting in on her. I told her that I needed to pee really bad.

- So sorry, she mumbled beet read .- I just had a divorce and was so horny and oooh ..now I am so embarressed. She hid her face in her hands and started to cry.

I went over to her and kneeled in front of her. I took her hands away from her face and told her it was ok. She looked at me trough her tears and then hugged me. -Thank you, she whimped against my neck.

I gave her kiss at her cheek, and before I knew it, she was kissing me on my lips.

My pussy instantly trobbed and I guess hers did too, because her hand went right back to business. We both moaned and kept on kissing, as I felt her other hand pinching my nipples.

My pussy gave another trob and I let loose another spurt of pee again.

She heared the hissing sound, and jumped up from the toilet. -Sorry. I forgot all about your predictment .Hurry, sit down, she told me.

She draged me up fom my kneeling position and started to loosen my belt, but as she did, she gave my pussy some rubs throug my pants.

I let out a long moan and pulled her to me. Our lips met again in a deep kiss, and we started riding each others thighs.

We where both so horny and I was so close to cumming, that I couldnt stop it.

Then my bladder gave up, and I just let it flow down my legs. She broke loose from my moth, and jammed one hand down into my pants and rubbed my pussy through my panties

, while she worked on her own pussy with the other hand. I grabbed her tits, and seconds she came in a strong orgasm that threw her back on the toilet.

While watching her shaking, I jammed my hand between my legs and squeezed my legs together around it rytmitcally, as my pee still poured over my hand and down my legs. Right after, I had the best orgasm of my life.

The lady and I became friends and meet from time to time.

