Denise, Kirsty and Claire's night at the Xmas party

30th November 2010, 05:04 PM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

Denise, Kirsty and Claire's night at the Xmas party

F.Y.I- Donna is now named Denise.

The girls always looked forward to the works Xmas party although, this year, due to the economic crunch the party was going to be a simple affair involving free booze and nibbles on the office premesis followed by a bus ride to the various surrounding areas where people lived. This had seemed a bit of a shame to the three girls who all liked to be wined and dined but they got into the spirit of things and helped decorate the office so it looked lovely.

All the ladies went home to change into little black cocktail dresses and do their make-up while the guys went to the pub for an hour (they were suited and booted anyway) before returning to the office at seven. Despite being unenthusiastic initially, about their budget party all three girls arrived raring to go and up for a laugh.

By nine o'clock Denise, Claire and Kirsty had had enough of standing up in high heeled shoes, there was no-where to sit in the office as chairs had been moved to make room. The buffet was, by now looking a bit sory for itself but luckily the booze was still flowing freely. Denise noticed that her friends were flagging a bit, and said to them "Come with me girls, we need to chill out for a while I think" while slipping a bottle of Pinot Grigio into her large handbag, Kirsty instinctively swiped three wine glasses and, lead by Denise the three girls made for the corridor.

"With any luck Chris's office will be free, so we can sit down and have a proper chat

- it's far too noisey in there now" said Denise.

Worriedly, Claire asked "Are you sure we're allowed in his office, he is the manager after all?"

"Have you heard that we're not allowed anywhere" Kirsty replied.

The heavy door shut behind them and they now sat in a luxuriously kitted out office with a sofa and two large reclining leather chairs. The room was all leather and chrome with a large desk which had a large indoor potted Yucca plant beside it. The rest of the party could be seen through a tinted glass window which backed onto the floor where the party was taking place.The girls gossiped for a while until Denise asked "I could do with a wee, do either of you guys need one? That queue is full of people from the second floor so it's gonna be really boring going on my own."

Claire shook her head. Kirsty replied "Well, I'll go loo with you if you come and have a ciggie with me first, I've been dying for one all evening".

"No way, it's FREEZING out there, and I'm not going to leave Claire on her own, we're not dedicated smokers like you Kirsty"

"OK, OK, I'll just go out for a quick fag, meet you guys back here and then we'll go to the loo"

And with that Kirsty walked down the corridor, through two sets of glass doors and found herself outside. Her friend was right, it was freezing cold and she had trouble lighting her cigarette. Also, what had been only the slightest, tiny bit of pressure on her bladder in the warm, suddenly felt more urgent in the freezing night time temperature. As she dragged on her long, menthol cigarette Kirsty strolled towards the edge of the building and peered down the side of the building. It was very dark, Kirsty looked back over her shoulder and saw that she was very much alone. She felt a twinge in her bladder as the idea to go and wee down the side of the building came to the front of her mind. 'I could just piss down there' she thought to herself, 'I'm good at weeing outside and I'm sure Denise will understand'. Spurred on by dutch courage, Kirsty wandered down the side of the building into the darkness, still dragging on her cigarette.

Concealed by the darkness, Kirsty reached under the hem of her little black dress and pulled her black thong down to mid-thigh and sat on her heels, deftly hitching her dress out of the way. She took a drag on her cigarette as she started to piss onto the concrete ground and exhaled her smoke with a sigh of relief. She hissed away for around forty seconds and just as she was thinking 'I hope no one else comes out for a smoke and sees me down here' she saw Barry walking up and down and then saw him double take and squint as he peered into the darkness. All Barry could see was a glowing red ember hovering at about waist height in the darkness, but he'd been around long enough to recognise the tell-tale hiss and splatter of a woman weeing.

Kirsty paniced for a moment, she knew Barry was a really nice, liberal guy who worked in the IT department but she didn't know how he'd react or if he knew what she'd been doing or not. She hastily cast her cigarette aside and pulled up her thong, getting a bit of pee on her thigh and in her gusset in the process. She then clip clopped on her (now slightly splattered heels) out into the light, having adjusted herself accordingly.

"Hello Kirsty" said Barry "how are you tonight?"

"I'm alright" replied Kirsty, trying to put on her most beautiful smile and sparkly eyes.

"You weren't just doing what I think you were doing were you"

"Er, no, I was just not feeling so well for a moment" replied Kirsty blushing and getting slightly flustered "came out for some fresh air".

Barry chuckled at this and grinned.

"In the dark? Come on Kirst, I wasn't born yesterday - I don't blame you by the way, I've seen the length of the queue for the ladies in there - they haven't thought this event through properly at all"

"You won't tell anyone will you?"

"Tell anyone what?" replied Barry still grinning.

Kirsty's beautiful white skin blushed ever more, and she gave Barry a hug, kissing him on the cheek and gave him a knowing look in the eye which said 'Thankyou'.

"Get off me you dirty mare, you haven't washed your hands" joked Barry, laughing at his own joke uproariously in that Sid James way that only men in their 50s can.

Kirsty didn't know how to reply to that but smiled and laughed with Barry. Gulping nervously as she left him and went inside the warm building with a slightly nervous feeling but a very relieved bladder...

TO BE CONTINUED...

