Katie

24th October 2009, 11:15 AM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I had recently started dateing my doctors duaghter Maryellen. She had one other younger sistor Katie and eight brothers. They had a big house right on the lake which was nice for swimming. I was there this day doing just that swimming. Maryellen had a lot of chores to do but would join me later when they were done. So she told me to go ahead and go swimming and she would joing me when she did get done.

So I went down to the lake and took off my tshirt,socks, and sneakers. Now Katie was already swimming with one of her friends. Now Katie is a very slim girl while Maryellen was much bigger. Both Maryellen and Katie had very long hair. Marryellen was a blonde while Katie was a brunette. Both were tall. Katie was taller then Maryellen despite being several years younger. Katies friend was also quite slim. Her name was Diane.

Now both Katie and Diane were in bikinis. Katies was a electric blue quite skimpy for the time.(not a thing style but close. While Diane had on a white bkini that was not as skimpy. Both of the girls bikinis were quite tight oon thier slender bodies so they showed off quite well the curves of both girls small breasts and asses. Katie's bikini even showed off the outlne of her vagina for it was tight enough that it presd into the slit of her vagina and that showed!

Well I swam with Hatie and Diane forawhile and then I got out of the water and up on the floating dock. I stretched out on it laying on my back in the sun enjoying the suns warmth on me along withincreasing my tan. Katie and Diane went on fooling around in the water which at times I watched them. Then after about a half hour went by the real fun got started by those two.

I was still laying there on the dock on my back when both Katy and Diane I thought were going to join me. They bothclimbed up on the dck together and they both stepped over to me with Katy first stood behind my head. I looked back and up at her. I asked what was up. She laughed and all of a sudden she spitted out a hudge amount of water right into my face! Katie laughed hard and dove off the dock. Diane followed right behind Katy by doing the same thing spitting amount a big mouthfull of water in my face and jumped off the dock.

Well I was surprised that they had done this but the water did feel good on me. So I sat up and told them both that it did feel good. So both of them laughed looked at each other took another big mouthfull of water and came back up on the dock and did it again. They both repeated doing this over and over to me for many more times. Then Katie got a idea and did something different as dowsing me with more water.

I heard Katie say to Diane Watch this! Diane stayed by the side of the dock while Katie bobbed down for a moment od then she popped back up. Then she climbed up on to the dock and ever so quickly ran over to me. In stead of comming over and behind my head and stood like all the times before she straddled my body and stood right over my head.

I thought I was going to get another mouthfull of water by Katie again spiting it out of her mouth. That is not what she did this time! She took the bottom of the top of her blue bikini and pulled it away from her breasts and I got really splashed with much more water! Katie turned right around ran and dove off the dock. Even though I got a lot of water splashed on my face I did get to see Katies breasts for a instant when she did ppull her bikini top outward to release the water!

She didn't think about that! I saw that her breasts though small were round and she sure did have big nipples! Now Katie was with Diane at the side of the dock. Katie was laughing very hard. Diane did say to Katie she didn't believe she had done it! Katie told Diane that owt that much water I couldn't see anything. I lay there thinking to myself; Katie you are so wrong! Then I heard Katie dare Diane to do it.

Diane did for she bobbed down quickly stepped up on the dock came running over to me and she pulled the bottom out on her white top of her bikini! I didn't get as good of view of Dianes breasts as Katies. Diane didn't have to pull her top out as far as to release all the water in her top. Diane too laughed hard and dove off the dock back into the water.

They both went on repeated doing this to me several more times in a row. Katie was getting more dareing each time she did it. For she would pull her bottom out futher away which would give me a longer look up at her breasts! Diane kept doing it the same way but she couldn't tell how far Katie was pulling her top awway for Katies back was towards her when Katie was splashing water on me.

Now the two girls were in the water together but before Katie was going to do it again up from the house one of Katies brothers yelled down saying that Diane better get ready to leave someone will be here shortly to pick you up. So Diane said goodbye to Katie and I and she swam to shore picked up her stuff and ran up to the house. Now that just left Katie and me. Katie asked me if I wanted to continuie our little game. I told her yes and I layed back down on the dock.

This time when Katie bobbed down in the water she took a little longer. She came up n the dock and straddled over me again. She gave me another dousing of water from the water in the top of her bikini. Then before I could react she took one step forward and she pulled down her bikini bottom in the back and dumped a fig amount of water in my face! She then in one real quick motion had pulled her botom back up and dove off the dock back into the water!

Now I had gotten a quick look at her ass! I can tell you this her ass was slim very tight cheeks and her asscrack was very long and curved! Katie bobbed back up out of the water and she was laughing hard for several moments. Then she managed to ask; What did you think of that? Not wanting to give away that I had seen her ass I told Katie that she almost had drowned me that time.

Katie then bobbed back down and got ready to do it again to me. She bobbed back up and came up on to the dock and again she restraddled over me. This time she was already laughing before she did it this time. She pulled her top away first giving me a good look and a good splash of water. Katie started laughing harder as she reached to slide the back of her bottom to splash me with the water in it. She took the neededd forward step to do it and she yanked it down!

Out came the water out of the bikini bottom giving me another big amount of water splashing on me. Katie laughed real hard as she stood standing over me. She had pulled her bottom back up but she was laughing so hard she hadn't moved away. Then it happened. Katie laughing so hard started to piss standing over me! With her hard laughing she didn't feel that she had started to piss!

What I saw was a thin lightyellow piss stream comming right out of the center of her blue bikini botom. It came straight down and it was hiting me alost dead center on my chest. Now Katie was slightly bending her legs at her knees whild she pissed on me. She was still laughing hard and her eyes were hut so she wasn't looking either.

Katie stood over me laughjing and pissing for abut ten seconds. Then as her laughter eased up she did stop pissing on me. She stepped away and dove back into the water. This time I got up and dove into the water after her. We came up together and we swam back over to the side of the dock. We supported ourselves on the dock but we both were still there in the water.

Katie asked me if I had enough. I told her I had. She smiled and asked me if it had been fun. She thought it had been. I told her it had been. I got to see a awfull lot! Katie then stared hard at me silently for severla long seconds. Then she started giggling and asked me; Did you like what you had seen? I smiled with a real big smile and told her that I had.

Then I told her the last time she had pissed on me too. Katie burst into hard laughter for several moments. Then she regained control of herself. I believe it! she said to me first. It wouldn't be the first time I've done it as far as pissing myself. I d it quite often when I laugh real hard. Luckily I have done it where I have not ben embarrased by it. Katie went on telling me about other times she had pissed herself. Many times as she told me she giggled or laughed as she told me.

A good 15 minutes ahd passed as Kate did tell me her pissing herself stories. I smiled and even at some of her storeis laughed along with her. By te time she had stopped telling me her stories we both were tired supporting ourselves on the dock. Also Katie giggling saying to me she had grabbed my hand shoved it down placing it right on the crotch of her bikini bottom and told me she was doing it again right now!

