Tammy and Scott Chapter Four

17th September 2012, 06:58 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

Tammy and Scott

Chapter Four

A couple of weeks later Tammy and I were at the hardware store buying some weed killer and things for the yard. I caught a glimpse of Scott in the next aisle. I poked Tammy and glanced his way. A big, mischievous smile came over her face and she said, «Watch this». Scott started to speak but was startled to silence as she walked straight up to him. Then, without saying a word or missing a beat, totally soaked the jean shorts she was wearing at the time. I watched in amazement as her pee splattered the floor and Scotts shoes while the whole time Tammy just grinned at him. «Turn about is fair play» she said to him, then turned and promptly walked back to me. I was as shocked and turned on as he was as she took me by the arm and escorted me out of the store. I don't even know if anyone noticed Tammy's wet shorts I was so taken aback.

As we approached the truck Tammy burst into laughter. «Did you see the look on his face?» she asks. I was still speechless, not to mention totally tore up. «Damn Tammy, that was so hot» I told her. Just then she got a text on her phone. It was from Scott. A big sexy smile came to her lips as she read the message. «What did it say» I asked. She read out loud to me. It said «Thanks, now I have to keep looking for bolts till my hard on goes away. I want be able to leave for awhile. LOL.» He then asks her what I had thought about it. She looked at the bulge in my jeans and smiled sweetly at me. She replied to his text telling him that I was in about the same shape as him, with another LOL attached.

A look of pure sexual hunger came over her suddenly. We were still standing outside the truck between parked vehicles. «Piss for me» she begged. I looked around and, seeing no one, I could think of nothing I would like more. «It will take a minute» I said, glancing down at my crotch «I've got to let this settle down a little». Just then she got another text from Scott. I ask her what it said this time. She didn't tell me right away but ask me if I was really serious about seeing her mess around with Scott. I lit a smoke as I turned this question over in my mind. I had been totally serious. «Oh yes Tammy. I am» I responded. «He wants to meet us at the park», she told me with a questioning look. «Are you up for it», I ask. She rubbed her wet crotch lightly and with a dreamy look, replied» Oh yeah, I'm up for it».

Tammy text Scott back and told him we would be at the park in 15 minutes. She then suggested I hold my pee for awhile and see what developed. I agreed and we headed for the park. We didn't talk a lot as we drove over to the park. Both of us were in wrapped up in our own thoughts. I don't know what she was thinking but, as usual, when I think of Tammy with Scott, there is a world of emotions swirling around in my head. But in the forefront there is love and sexual desire. Tammy is never dearer or sexier to me than at these times. I couldn't wait for Scott to get there.

Scott had already beaten us to the park and was standing beside his car as we drove up. Thinking back on it, his greeting to me was kind of funny. He shook my hand and greeted me as if we were in a business meeting or something. I guess it was just as awkward for me because I didn't even think about it at the time. Tammy came to our rescue. She laughed out loud and took both our hands, leading us to a reasonably secluded place in the park. She never said much but seemed so light hearted as she skipped along, holding our hands and leading us along like two lost puppies. The area she led us to is a reasonably secluded place in a little grove of woods near the edge of the park. Although there was a chance of someone seeing us, it was perfect for our purposes. She set us down on a beach and, standing before us, studied us like a child with new toys. I was sort of glad she had taken over and I think Scott was too. We were happy to just let her have her way with us.

I looked over at Scott and noticed his gaze was fixed on the wet V of Tammy's shorts. Tammy noticed this also. «See something you like» she asks with a chuckle. With that she set down between us. Looking at both our laps she said «looks like I'm the only wet one here so far.» Almost instantly I saw a wet spot appear in Scott's pants. You could tell he had lots of practice. I was not far behind. I let my piss go and felt it soaking into my underwear. I was already starting to get hard before Tammy started rubbing my dick through my jeans. I couldn't take my eyes away as I watched her rub Scott in the same way. Tammy let out a low moan saying how wonderful it felt to have a wet man for each hand.

I reached down and undid my jeans so Tammy could have better access as I continued pissing into my underwear. Scott did the same thing. I am totally a straight guy so I was surprised to realize that the site of him pissing in his white underwear was turning me on. I was mesmerized as I watched Tammy reach into his pants and fondle his dick through his underwear. It was one of the most arousing sights seeing his pee wash over her hand while she played with him. Tammy briefly turned away from Scott and focused all her attention on me. She kissed me passionately and fondled my dick until I had completely empted my bladder into my pants. «Enjoy» she said.

With that she turned to Scott. Scott looked at me one last time. I hesitated only briefly and nodded an ok. That was all it took. He attacked Tammy as if they were the only two people in the world. Locked in the most passionate kiss they began rubbing each other's wet crotches. I watched Scott undo Tammy's shorts and rub her pussy through those wet panties. I took note of every detail. I watched as, with his middle finger he pressed the gusset of those white panties between the lips of that beautiful wet pussy. I saw her squirm with desire as his finger found its way inside the leg band of those panties and work its way into the folds of her pussy. I was almost as turned on by their kissing as I was by seeing his finger enter her pussy. She almost cum when he pushed his finger all the way up inside her and began moving it slowly in and out.

She broke the kiss and removed his hand. I have never been more turned on or more in love with her than I was right at that moment. Tammy straddled his lap and kissing, again let her piss flow. I saw the lust in their eyes as it flowed through her already soaked panties and shorts and all over his dick. He wanted inside her so bad. He started trying to pull her shorts off and I was praying she would let him. Think God, Tammy had presence of mind to remember where we were. She got off his lap and again set between us. Catching her breath, she looked around the area making sure we were still alone. She started rubbing our dicks again through our wet underwear. Scott didn't miss a chance and worked his hand into the top of her panties.

Again I watched his finger enter her. I couldn't resist and placed my hand on the outside of her panties. It was a small struggle to get her shorts down enough to make room for both mine and Scott's hands. I placed my hand on Scotts with only the cloth of her wet panties separating us. I wanted to feel him feeling her. He held still for just a second looking into my eyes then resumed slowly in and out of her pussy. She moaned lowly as both Scott and I masturbated her. He would slide out and I would slowly push his hand back in as with his middle finger he entered her.

As before, I took in all the details as she rubbed his cock. This time she worked her hands inside our underwear and grabbed hold of our dicks. As I felt her slowly masturbate me I watched her do the same to Scott. I watched her wrap her hand around his dick. I watched as she slowly stroked it up and down. I was amazed how hard he was and intrigued by the sight of her little hand wrapped around that large dick that was not mine. I was first to cum.

I didn't want to be. I wanted this to last forever. My male pride I guess, but I at least wanted to outlast Scott. Tammy moaned again as my hot cum blasted into my underwear and over her hand. Both Scott and Tammy were not far behind. Tammy got faster and faster jerking Scott's dick as she came closer to climax. Our hands moved faster inside her pants as Scott fingered her. Soon Tammy let out a little squeal and I felt the vibrations of her pussy through the back of Scott's hand as she started to cum. I saw cum bubble through his underwear as Scott too shot off all over her hand. Again I was surprised that this site turned me on.

We all set back catching our breath and not saying a word for a minute. I was the first to speak. «That was the hottest thing I've ever done» I said excitedly. This seemed to relieve both Tammy and Scott and for just a minute it seemed we were all talking at once. Finally Scott said he had to get home. He was only going to be gone for a few minutes and was going to have a hard time coming up with an excuse for his wife Ollie. I laughed when he said it was going to be hard enough to explain why he was gone so long much less why he was returning soaked from the waist down.

Tammy and I straightened up our clothes as much as possible then set back down. I placed my arm around her shoulder and she snuggled up to me and we just reflected quietly about the experience. She said she would defiantly be better dressed for the occasion next time. I ask her what she meant and she said that if she had been wearing a skirt there was no way she would have not fucked Scott. She was surprised and intrigued when I confessed that watching Scott piss and cum in his underwear had turned me on. I honestly have no desire for him sexually, other than seeing him with Tammy, so I had no answer when she asks me why it turned me on. All I knew was, I couldn't wait till our next time with Scott.

