Peeing while camping, a true story, Part 2

7th April 2007, 11:46 PM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

We returned from town after a brief trip to the local mall about mid afternoon and got naked right away, all except for Jeanette who stayed in her bikini. We spent the rest of the afternoon casually exploring the secluded nearby woods and stream area surrounding the one acre lake. The grounds were pristing, untouched by humans except for the roadway and the old camper on the property. It was so relaxing to be naked and free, such a feeling of peace, freedom and calmness only known to true nudists.

Something about being totally naked and exposed with friends, all of a sudden a persons social stature, their school acheivements, their "financial" situation, all disappears. Everyone is them selves, equal and open in the sight of God and everyone else. No wonder were all born naked, were all born free and innocent as God intended. Its man who discovered clothing and decided we have to have certain of our body parts covered all the times.

The clothing and advertising industerys have made a fortune off people by telling them they need and 'have' to have the latest body enhancing clothing so we, as consumers, can look better than our neighbors. Nudists dont really care what a person weighs, or care about the size of a womans breasts, or care hoe well endowed this guy is or is not. Neither do we care if a person, for personal reasons, decides to remove, trim retain pubic hair in its natural state, although most young people my age seem to be opting for the "bare" look, simply out of convenience and comfort.

Another advantage of being naked is in the application of sunscrean, we simply apply it all over, not having to worry about staining clothing or leaving areas near clothing unprotenced. Jeanette experienced this when she began to burn in areas close to her bikini, finally with much reluctance she turned her back and removed it. I think she was surprised nobody noticed or commented.

We continued to dring beer and have a great time. Whenever anyone had to pee they simply walked away from the group and found a comfortable place and went. We cooked burgers about six, then enjoyed the late afternoon sunset over the lake, We built a fire about 8:00 and sat around talking about all kinds of things, from school to sex, and anything in between. About 9:30 Jeanette asked if we were going to return to town for abouther bathroom break, but since everyone had been drinking all afternoon nobody was willing to drive. Jeanette wasnt happy when she was told she would "have to take a hike around the lake and find a log". She resisted and sulked for a bit untill Carols BF said "well all, I have to take a hike and find a log".

He asked Jeanette if she cared to come along, but she refused. When Carols BF returned everyone got quiet and asked him to give a report as to "how things went, and whats the best way to handle this, etc". He merely said "Dont forget the TP, leaves are so unkind". About 10:00PM Carol started for her hike around the lake and Jeanette took off with her. When they returned about 25 minutes after both said "it wasnt really too bad". We continued to drink untill about midnight when one of the guys had to pee. All of a sudden someone put out a chalange for a peeing contest, to see who could pee the farthest.

Its amazing what beer does to a person, but all three guys felt they could outdo each other, the wager was a strak dinner on the way home. Since I couldnt stand it any longer I spoke up and told them they were all wrong, that any of us females could outpee them distance wise any day of the week. A big argument broke out and one of the guys suggested upping the ante, as they were all confident of their assured victory. The girls wanted to know what they suggested, the guys huddled to come up with something totally outrageous, confident of their soon to be victory. After abut five minutes the guys smugly suggested, how about before we leave to go home the winners get to pee on the loosers. Silence took over as the guys pondered their soon to be victory. Do you take the dare girls or not?

To be continued.

