Denise, Claire and Kirsty's CLUBBING NIGHT: PART 2

7th April 2011, 03:43 PM

Author: Bgrn82

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 519

Denise, Claire and Kirsty's CLUBBING NIGHT: PART 2.

...As the girls readied themselves for relief, Claire announced "No offence everyone, but if you're all around I can't go so I'm gonna go here" as she trotted over to the entrance to the stairwell and went in, Kirsty commented "suit yourself Babe, it's all good". Claire was so desperate she already had a damp patch the size of a 10p on the gusset of her black, silky thong - she did not want to waste time and she had a plan. Claire reasoned that she did not want to pee in front of strangers and was also aware that what was about to come would come out with strong force, creating splashback on her expensive strappy shoes.

Claire had decided to pee down the stairs for the sake of ease, convenience and not splashing her shoes. She had always complained about stairwells "reeking of wee" before, and now she was about to add to it - this gave her a slightly guilty feeling which, in turn, excited her somewhat in a way she couldn't really understand. It was a good adrenaline rush feeling, mixed in with the excitement of being bad.

Claire unbuttoned her tight jeans while nervously biting her bottom lip, in the cold flickering light of the stairwell. This was more difficult than she had anticipated as her tummy had swelled slightly with the pressure. she pulled her jeans and knickers down to knee level and turned round so her back faced down the stairs. Her heart pounded as she felt the cool air around her private parts. She felt very exposed. As she squatted down she felt even more exposed, and her heartbeat and nerves responded accordingly. "I can't believe I'm doing this" she thought to herself, pondering innocent shopping trips in the past where she had walked up this very stairwell in the cold light of day.

Claire took a deep breath as her body hesitated to let go "No going back now" she thought as her stream burst forth, slowly at first. After five more seconds her stream became faster and a lot more messy, it started shooting straight down at first hitting the apex of the stair just below her, then to the left, then a spray formation. She was breathing heavily while coating the step in her piss and it was starting to flow down to the lower steps. After 25 more seconds, Claire was still going strong and her pee started to flow over the sides of the stairs and hit other stairs and floors below. Claire became conscious that this process was very noisy and incredibly echoey, she became afraid of getting caught but then very excited and relieved all at once. Claire pondered the fact that she was still peeing forcefully when at least a minute had past and she could hear her wee splashing loudly on the floors below; "And to think I came in here to be more discreet" she thought to herself.

Eventually, her stream began to subside and with two more powerful final squirts she sighed with relief and stood up, giving her shapely bum a quick shake on the way up (a technique she had secretly observed her friends using). As Claire was buttoning up her jeans, she turned around to look at her work. She was shocked at how much she had managed to hold in and let go. This was no feminine little puddle in the corner. All the steps below her were soaked in her pee, as was the landing directly below her, and it was pooled up in the corner nearest the wall. Looking over the railing, she could see floors below also sported evidence of her misdeed. The only thing completely dry in the area was Claire, her feet and her clothing.

Claire smiled at this and gulped, she felt very naughty and exhilerated with the experience not to mention the wonderful empty feeling she had. "I feel better now and that's all that matters" she thought to herself, guiltily, "Whenever I come here in the future, I'll remember what I've done". Claire blushed and had a final check of her shoes.

As Claire turned round and went to rejoin her friends, she heard a door open and footsteps below her "Phew! That was close" she thought out loud...

To be continued.... In part 3 we will find out about what the others got up to while Claire was in the stairwell and what happened during the rest of the evening...

