Computer Studies Can Be Interesting!

11th September 2017, 01:14 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

SALLY

I met Sally at an evening class for computer users. She was a very pretty girl" Long blond hair, pretty, innocent face, nice trim figure without being skinny, lovely legs. Unlike many girls her age, Sally tended to dress down in age rather than up to sophisticated woman, pretty knee-length dress and white ankle socks. It suited her fresh young looks perfectly" Not so much the brittle beauty of the catwalk, just pretty in a nice, «Girl-next-door» sort of way.

She had been given this course for her 18th birthday, and soon realized that it was one of those free and easy classes where you get the impression it's really more of a social club than a place for serious study. We soon caught each others eyes, got chatting, and quickly seemed to be on the same wavelength somehow. I asked her out for a drink after the lesson, and she readily agreed.

Just before we left, most of the class made for the lavatories. The partition between the Ladies and Gent's was thin, and I could hear two girl's great, relieving streams of wee splashing into their lavatories, and Sally chatting to one of the other girls. The other girl said,

«That's better" I really needed that!»

«Yes, me too!»

«It was terrible last night. I told my boyfriend I wanted to go to the lavatory, but do you think we could find one" It was really hurting my stomach having to hold myself by the time I got home. I nearly had to let it go in my knickers to relieve myself.

«You told your boyfriend you wanted to have a wee?»

«Well, yes, I had to.»

«I don't think I could do that.»

«What would you do then if you were out with a boy and dying to go and have a wee?»

«Well" I suppose I would just try to hold myself until we came by a lavatory and I could make a quick exit...

"Hey, Julie, I know this is a funny thing to talk about, but you said you nearly had to LET it go in your knickers because it was hurting you" You mean DELIBERATELY do it all in your knickers?»

«Well yes, I sometimes HAVE too if I'm really desperate to have a wee and there's nowhere I can take them down. It gets to a point where I can't stand the pain any longer, so I just have to do it all in my knickers. Sometimes it's difficult to start having a wee if I've been holding myself too long"I can only manage a few dribbles at first" Hurts like Hell then until I can relax and let it really squirt out of me full stream! Why do you ask, hasn't that ever happened to you then?»

«Not like that... It doesn't exactly HURT when I'm really desperate to have a wee. That sharp sort of «Must have a wee' feeling «down there' just gets VERY uncomfortable, then I feel the muscles that hold my wee in sort of "going numb" Like when your foot «goes to sleep'. They just let go and I start to wee in my knickers. Sometimes there's a quick dribble and I really have to FORCE myself to stop it.

That might happen a few times, then there's a sort of surge while it's still dribbling and there's nothing I can do to hold it back. The whole stream of wee just squirts out. I can't stop until I've done it all, no matter how hard I try. There's never any question of LETTING it go in my knickers to relieve myself, I do it in my knickers because I just CAN'T hold myself any longer.»

The rest was drowned in the sound of flushing lavatories, but I had learned two interesting things. This pretty young girl I am about to take to a pub, of all places, is too shy to tell a boy she wants to go to the lavatory. Even more interesting, unlike the other girl she was chatting to in the lavatory, when Sally wants to go to the lavatory really badly, she can't hold herself. It's not a matter of pain or discomfort, no matter where she is or how embarrassing it would be to have a wee there, she just CAN'T stop herself from doing it all in her knickers!..

""""""""""

I knew the area quite well, whereas Sally lived several miles away and only came here for the lesson. That would become important before the night was out! I chose a quiet local pub, where I knew something special about the «essential geography'. We spent the next couple of hours drinking and chatting about nothing in particular, «like you do'.

"""""""""..

Things are unfolding just as I had hoped. Sally likes long drinks like lager and lime and, like me, must have got through about three pints in the time we were chatting"

The Gents lavatory here is on full view near the bar. Each time I went for more drinks, I had an opportunity to nip in for a quick wee. Sally had no such easy, discreet chance. As I knew perfectly well when I chose this place, the Ladies lavatory is very difficult to find. It is discreetly tucked away down a corridor off the corner of another room. This pretty young girl has sat here for two hours, steadily drinking three pints of lager and lime, and hasn't had a wee! She has been fidgeting in her seat for some time now, crossing her legs one way then the other. She probably doesn't think a man would notice" She could be right usually, most men wouldn't be drooling over a mental image of their girl friend's steadily filling bladder" Her ever-mounting desperation as she struggles to stop herself from having a wee in her knickers!

When I came back from my last visit to the lavatory, Sally was standing up, looking anxiously all around the room. She quickly sat down as I came back. She is trying so hard not to show it, but the signs are obvious. This pretty young girl is dying to have a wee, but doesn't know where the Ladies lavatory is. She's a very quiet sort of girl, and I know from the conversation I overheard she is too shy to tell a man she wants to have a wee.

As we set about leaving, I thought perhaps, faced with a long journey home, she would ask where the Ladies lavatory was before we left. She didn't! As we reached the door, she hesitated, seemed to be about to say something, blushed, and walked on. Wow, this is great. This pretty young girl with three pints of drink inside her must be dying to have a wee by now, yet she is so shy, she is holding herself rather than mention it to me.

A lot of things flashed through my mind as we left the pub. Sally told the other girl in the class lavatories that if she wanted to have a wee when she was out with a man she would just have to hold herself until she saw a Ladies lavatory she could go to discreetly. She knows we are going to a railway station, the one she came in by earlier this evening. She probably saw the Ladies lavatory on the station. She is hoping to hold herself until we get to the station, then make a quick exit to go and have a wee. Well" I know something you don't know, young lady!..

We walked on, the usually talkative Sally gradually growing quieter" I knew perfectly well why. She couldn't think about casual conversation now" She was too preoccupied trying to stop herself from having a wee in her knickers in front of a new boyfriend" If only she knew how delighted I would be if she did!

I tried to imagine Mary's private parts and the sensations she was feeling right now. The tight pressure around her belly" In my mind's eye I could see her pussy lips" The slight bulge tucked away inside them" The bulge with a tiny hole in it, looking like the slightly protruding end of a tube" It is exactly that, the end of the short tube leading to her bladder" Her tense, swollen bladder, desperately full of wee" I pictured the ring of muscles around that little tube, the muscles Sally uses to hold her wee in" Imagined that sharp, uncomfortably insistent sensation just above those muscles" That urgent, «MUST have a wee» feeling.

Finally we reached the station, and, with a barely audible, »Excuse me», Sally headed for the Ladies lavatory and urgently pushed the door" It didn't budge! As I knew perfectly well, the lavatories on this station were closed at this time of night. All pretense and shyness suddenly lost in her desperate state, Sally blurted out,

«Oh Walt" It's SHUT!.. I MUST have a WEE! Is there another lavatory anywhere?»

There was, about five minutes walk down the road outside the station. Should I tell her?... Just as the thought crossed my mind, our train came in. From sheer force of habit, we started to get on it. Sally suddenly gasped,

«Oh, Walt" I don't think I can"» No, I didn't think she could either! I don't know what made me do it. A lot of stuff flashed though my mind in an instant. The sheer momentum of the situation was carrying us onto the train. I knew neither the train nor any other stations on our route had any lavatories. In another couple of seconds, if I did nothing, the doors would close, cutting this pretty young girl off from the only lavatory she had any chance of going to for over an hour. She was obviously already desperate to have a wee. With all that drink inside her, she wouldn't POSSIBLY be able to hold herself all the way home. It would have been great, and yet" And yet" Sally was such a NICE girl. I was really getting to like her"

On the spur of the moment, I put my arm firmly around Sally, did a sharp about turn and dragged her off the train, just as the doors were closing.

«Oh, Walt" I'm sorry!»

«Don't worry, there'll be other trains" Let's find you a lavatory first.»

. We left the station and set off for where I knew there were all night lavatories. Sally was obviously getting more anxious with every step. I remembered the conversation I overheard in the pub. Sally is never in pain from having to hold her wee, never has to LET it go to relieve herself. She has a very strong bladder-emptying reflex, too strong for her to control to the point of pain. When she REALLY wants to have a wee she just CAN'T hold herself. She's desperately hoping she can hold herself that vital few minutes longer now, she knows only too well she might not be able to stop herself from doing it all in her knickers before she gets to the lavatory"

At last we reached the Ladies lavatory and Sally gratefully hurried inside. The windows of the cubicles were open at just the right angle to act as a sounding board if you stood underneath. I could clearly hear every sound inside" Mary's quick footsteps outside the cubicle" A jingle of coins" Restless foot-tapping" A coin falling in the lock" The click of the bolt" Door opening" Hurried footsteps" Door shutting" Two more quick footsteps" The rustle of cloth as Sally pulled her skirt up" A muttered «Oh, NO»" A muffled sort of rushing sound" The thwack of elastic as Sally took her knickers down" A momentary splashing sound mixed up with the lid of the lavatory being opened" A clunk as Sally sat down and the splashing changed to a much deeper one as her powerful stream of wee hit the pool in the lavatory pan. After a while, it tailed off, ending with a few dribbling «afterthoughts'.

The rest was more or less routine stuff" Rustle of toilet roll, finally the great «Clang clang SWOOSH» of those old style lavatories drowning everything" Including, I supposed, the sound of Sally pulling her knickers up" I didn't hear that"

It seemed ages before Sally finally emerged from the lavatory, looking much relieved but, I thought, a little embarrassed. We walked on in silence for a while, then she slipped her arm through mine and snuggled up a bit. We walked on, saying very little, just sort of feeling nice to be together. We reached the station and sat on a platform seat. I slipped my arm around Mary, drawing her close, and met with no objection. Then she said, shyly,

«Thanks for being so understanding. I'm sorry I made you miss the train, but" I knew I couldn't possibly hold myself all the way home!»

«I know.»

«What do you mean?»

«Well, I could hear everything inside that lavatory" You seemed to wee with terrific force!» Sally seemed a bit taken aback at first, then she giggled and said,

«Yes, I always do when I'm really busting like that. Could you really hear as clearly as that?»

«Oh yes, the window works like a sounding board in the church pulpit" I could hear every detail" Um" Mary" I hope you don't mind me mentioning this but" Well, it sounded as though you didn't get your knickers down in time!» Sally giggled again,

«No, you're right, I didn't. When I got inside the lavatory, I found it was a pay type" needed a 10p coin" By the time I hunted in my purse, I was just about at my limit. I dashed into the cubicle, but I knew it was too late. I just COULDN'T hold myself any longer. I was rushing to take my knickers down, already having a wee, then I saw the lid of the lavatory was down" I was doing it all over the place for a moment. I just couldn't stop myself!»

«Um" Sally" I didn't hear you pulling your knickers up afterwards???» Sally gave me a very searching look!

«Well" Actually, I threw them in the bin, but"» Sally blushed, then I supposed the alcohol showed its presence, letting her say things from deep down that she would normally not dream of mentioning. She giggled even more, and joined in the spirit of the thing"

«You know, for a man, you seem to know rather a lot about the sounds of what goes on in a Ladies lavatory!» She didn't seem particularly upset at the idea, so I thought it was worth taking a chance.

«Well, yes" To tell the truth, it's a bit of an obsession with me" Do you mind?»

«Um" Not exactly MIND" But" Well, it IS a bit unusual. I'd like to know more about how it seems to you. I mean, is it just curiosity, or something more?»

«Much more. It really turns me on to know that a girl is desperate to have a wee and can't go to the lavatory. You would probably find it difficult to understand» Sally relaxed visibly"

«Oh, I understand alright. I'm so glad you mentioned it. It must have seemed a bit risky, but you needn't have worried. I'm not offended. I'm only to glad to be able to talk about things I haven't dared before!..

There is one thing that puzzles me a bit though. Surely, that moment when you dragged me off the train is a bit odd. You could easily have let me get on" In a moment, the doors would have closed and left me in a hopeless situation. You must have guessed I couldn't hold myself all the way home" If that sort of thing excites you, why did you stop me getting on the train? You could so easily have left me no choice but to have a wee in my knickers.»

«Yes, I must admit I was tempted, it would have been a great thrill but"»

«But what?»

«Well" You're such a NICE girl" It wouldn't have been RIGHT somehow.» Sally suddenly went all soft and melting"

«Thank you" I didn't realize how much you were giving up back there" Look" I don't know how this would work out, but now I'm getting to know you a bit better, I think I could go along with some of this.»

«Don't do anything which would upset you.»

«No, it's alright" That's part of what I meant about things I haven't dared to talk about before"

I think I could get quite interested in your ideas on the subject.»

«What would you like to do?»

«I'd have to follow you on this one but I think it's all about the excitement of «being naughty', deliberately going against social conventions. What would you really like me to do? »

«Well" I suppose you could call it a Master/Slave sort of thing really" In future you always have to ask my permission to go to the lavatory, and I don't have to let you go, even if you say you can't hold yourself any longer.»

«Is that what you would like?" I always have to ask your permission to go to the lavatory" I mean" Not just fooling around" If you tell me to wait" let's say for 2-3 hours, just like the all-morning exams" Or even"» She blushed slightly at the thought of seeming too forward, «Even all night long, I really mustn't go to the lavatory even if I'm dying to have a wee.»

«Yes, that's the idea" Crazy isn't it" There's no way I could expect you to go along with it.»

«Oh but I COULD" It would be exciting to sort of abandon myself to you. How far would you take it?" I mean" Suppose I wanted to go REALLY badly" Maybe nearly doing it all in my knickers?»»

«You actually can't hold yourself?»

«No, I just CAN'T" I mean, some girls talk about being in agony wanting to have a wee... Pains in their stomach and that. Somehow it doesn't happen like that to me. I never get to the point where it hurts. I just get that sharp, 'Must have a wee' feeling, getting more and more uncomfortable. When it's really bad, it starts to go in sort of surges, and I know I MUST find a lavatory QUICKLY. If I can't it starts to go sort of numb 'Down there' and... Well... I just start having a wee! There's nothing I can do to stop it then.»

We kissed and cuddled for a while, then our train came in and we climbed aboard, found an empty carriage and continued where we left off. After a while, Sally giggled and said, confidingly,

«I thought you might like to know, I'm starting to get THE URGE"I already want to have a wee again!»

She snuggled up close, obviously quite content to hold herself. After a while, I felt her wriggling uncomfortably in my arms. I said,

«Are you alright?»

«Well, yes" But"»

«But what?» As if I didn't know! Sally giggled,

«You KNOW what!»

«Yes, but I love to hear you say it.» Sally giggled again.

«I want to go to the lavatory. I REALLY need to have a wee now!»

«Well, there's not much you can do about it now, is there. It's non-stop from here, and there's no lavatory on the train!»

Sally hugged me close and said, teasingly,

«No, I suppose I will just HAVE to hold myself until I get home.» Another ten minutes or so passed, with Sally wriggling, crossing her legs one way then the other, obviously struggling to hold herself as she got ever more desperate to have a wee. Finally she said,

«You're never going to believe this"»

«What's that?»

«I'm getting really desperate to have a wee now" I'm not sure I CAN hold myself all that way!»

«Really?" Well, you have drunk several pints.»Mary must have noticed the bulge in my trousers, but made no comment" Nor did she make any objection as I slipped my hand up under her skirt. She giggled, uncrossed her legs, making it even harder to stop herself from having a wee, and let me put my hand between her legs and up " All the way up to where her knickers SHOULD have been! Evidently she didn't carry spares. I couldn't help commenting on the fact"

«No, I don't" Well, it's not as if I'm ALWAYS doing it in my knickers" Probably only two or three times in the last couple of years"

Walt" I don't know how you feel about this, but" Well" I like you touching me" Down there" But if you do it now, while I'm really busting to go to the lavatory, I don't think I'll be able to hold myself" I'll start doing it all over your hand!» My delighted hug and continued fondling of the outlet of her full bladder answered that question!

Of course, it was inevitable" Sally suddenly started moving her hips in time with my rhythmic fondling, then her breathing increased to a pitch as she climaxed and"

..Of course"

She couldn't stop herself from having an enormous wee " I thought she would never stop!

«Oh, " I'm sorry»

«I'm NOT!»

«Really" You don't mind?»

«Not at all" Biggest thrill I've ever had!»

We cuddled contentedly for the rest of the journey. By the time we arrived at her flat, we both wanted to have a wee. This time we simply watched each other going to the lavatory, Sally obligingly opening her legs to give me a clear view of the stream of wee squirting out of her.

Of course, after her recent remark about me keeping her off the lavatory «Even all night long» the question of my going home, sleeping in any bed but hers that night, simply didn't occur to either of us. It's strange in a way really. We hadn't known each other very long, neither of us was into sleeping around, but we just seemed to be on the same wavelength somehow, and it was the most natural thing in the world.

We did briefly talk about the possibility of «normal» sex as we prepared for bed. Neither of us saw it as any big deal now, just agreed that if the fancy took us we'd do it but the wee was really the main interest. With the combination of booze and a busy evening (!) we soon slipped off to sleep in each other's arms.

Early next morning I was woken by Sally moving restlessly in my arms. She tried to get out of bed, but I held her tight. The combination of being restricted and her pressing need to have a wee woke her fully, reminding her of our arrangements. She said, urgently,

«Can I go to the lavatory?»

«No, stay here.»

«OOH" I MUST have a wee, I'm nearly doing it in the bed!»

«Would that be so bad?» Sally giggled.

«Well, I DO have a waterproof sheet on it, I sometimes let myself do a little bit.»

«You don't have to do it all?»

«If I only want to go slightly I can just about stop it" Not if I want to wee badly, and certainly not if I get to the point where I'm doing it because I can't hold myself. There's no stopping it then, I have to do it all.»

So Sally was happy in the knowledge that she had a waterproof sheet on the bed" Well, Sally, I know a bit about those sheets and you've only done a LITTLE wee on it so far"

«Come and sit astride my legs.» Sally giggled,

«That will be the last straw, squatting like that is a girl's normal position to have a wee. Even lying here I'm BUSTING to go to the lavatory, I'll never hold myself squatting like that!»

Of course, I still asked her to squat astride my legs. As predicted, Sally barely had time to pull up her pretty pink nightdress before she had a wee. It went on for about a half minute or so, not especially long but with such a wide, forceful stream squirting out of her she did a LOT of wee in the time! As she finished we rolled over and continued cuddling, enjoying the wet warmth under us"

Then came what I knew from experience would happen. Those waterproof sheets have a soft, absorbent layer one side and a plastic sheet underneath. Sure, Sally's wee couldn't go downwards, but it could certainly go sideways, indeed the flannelet top surface encouraged it! Sally was blissfully unaware what was happening until she started to feel the dampness all around, rather than just under her, as her wee soaked out to where the pillows and duvet touch the bottom sheet. Everything was completely soaked.

Somehow the sheer scale of the damage had its own effect and, in the heat of the moment, I finally slipped into Sally's willing pussy to complete a very satisfying morning's work!

Somehow I think there will be a lot more to come, though we may have to sort out a few practical details!

