Meeting my Peepal

26th November 2005, 04:14 PM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

The day arrived at last and I headed off down the busy M4 motorway as soon as I had finished work. Several hours later I was sitting alone in the bar of our chosen restaurant nervously awaiting my email pen pal. I had all but given up hope when suddenly the entrance door swung inward and in walked Tina. It took me a moment to recognise her in the flesh (and clothed) but then I was walking over with a big smile on my face. Tina was as nice in person as she was over the Internet and we soon hit it off with small talk at the bar. We were then shown to our table where we chose our meals and proceeded to eat them whilst facing across from one another. At no stage up to this moment had either of us mentioned our secret hobby and the real reason for our meeting. Finally as our plates were taken away by the waiter, Tina finally plucked up the courage to broach the subject.

«Are you going to do yours here?» she asked in a whisper over the table.

Looking around at the almost deserted restaurant I simply nodded in reply.

«I'm ready when you» are she giggled back.

I could feel my hands shaking as I slid open my zip being extremely careful not to catch any pubic hairs in the process. Slowly I slid my cock out of my pants allowing it to come out as far as possible. Then I returned my hands to the table. Picking up my water glass I took another mouthful whilst carefully surveying the large room. Nobody appeared to be taking any special interest in out table and all the waiters were well away busy with other orders.

«Ready?» I asked Tina across the table.

«Go on. I can't wait» she giggled again.

I could feel my hands shaking as I slid open my zip being extremely careful not to catch any pubic hairs in the process. Slowly I slid my cock out of my pants allowing it to come out as far as possible. Then I returned my hands to the table. Picking up my water glass I took another mouthful whilst carefully surveying the large room. Nobody appeared to be taking any special interest in us or our table.

«Ready?» I asked Tina across the table.

«Go on. I can't wait» she giggled.

Slowly I released the desperate urge in my bladder. Although the butterflies were dancing in my stomach I had no problem allowing my pee its release. I could feel my piss flowing through my body on its way to my pee hole situated at the end of my dick. Suddenly it happened and I felt the start of my piss stream erupting from my manhood. The feeling of relief was ecstasy but nothing compared to the deep thrill I was experiencing from relieving myself under the table.

«Have you started?» Tina whispered excitedly across the table.

I said nothing too busy enjoying my piss to answer. Instead I nodded my head whilst still looking straight ahead. Under the wooden table surface I could feel my piss flowing strongly out of my penis. This was possible the best slash I had ever head!

Giggling Tina pushed a napkin off the table where it fell to the floor. Giving me a naughty smile she reached down to retrieve it. I knew full well that this was simply an excuse to check out what was happening under the table. A barely audible gasp came from the direction of the floor and I guessed Tina was taking in the sight of my spraying dick. In answer I started to increase my squirt, forcing my pee out harder and harder. Suddenly I realised that my piss stream was now raining down over the opposing chair as small droplets of piss bounced off the surface and shot upwards into my view. Tina said something but I couldn't hear her with her head still under the table. From the tone of her voice though, it sounded like she was appreciating my little show. The sheer sense of freedom being able to get out my dick and take a piss at the dinner table in a restaurant was mind blowing. Having Tina witness the whole thing was orgasmic!

The bouncing spray of piss landing on the opposing chair was diminishing now as my bladder neared empty. I managed one good last squirt before I was done. With fumbling hands I reached under the table to put away my dick. God! I was so excited.

Tina emerged from under the table her face flushed.

«That was so incredible» she said. «Just look at the mess you naughty boy»

«Can you cover that up?» I asked as I peered over the edge of table and saw in shock the large damp patch I had just created over the chair. I had no idea I had pissed so much.

«What like this?» Tina asked dropping her napkin over the stain.

Grinning I nodded.

«I think we should pay our bill and go and find a bar. I'll need a pee soon and I'm sure you would like to watch»

That is exactly what we did. After settling our bill making sure we paid cash instead of credit cards, we fled the restaurant and within minutes were making our way through the large open plan room of the local pub. Just like the restaurant the place was mostly empty it being a Monday night. This suited us perfectly and soon we were taking our seats in a secluded corner. I left Tina to go and get some large drinks. When I returned I found her seated with her back to the wall and a big smile on her pretty face. As I sat down she moved something into sight from under the table. It took me a couple of seconds to realise that the white material was actually her panties

!

«Are you ready to watch me go now?» she asked seductively.

I swallowed. What a silly question, of course I was ready. My cock had suddenly gone very hard in my pants, uncomfortably so. I fidgeted trying to let my hard member find more space in my underwear whilst Tina slowly pushed the table away from her and towards me. Once the table was a foot away from her seated position she stopped pushing it and leaned backwards. Slowly she parted her legs. My entire attention became focused on those slowly parting creamy legs. Between her thighs her brown hairy pussy was emerging into sight. Although I seen countless pictures of Tina's pussy, this was nothing compared to the real thing. I felt I was about to explode in my pants. I simply couldn't wait for what was to come.

Suddenly a quick shot of golden yellow piss erupted from the base of Tina's cunt and sprayed for a short moment downwards to the hidden carpeted floor beneath. I had never seen anything so beautiful.

«Again?» she teased.

«Oh yes» I heard myself say.

The golden stream returned, this time growing thicker as Tina continued to pee. I watched on entranced by the sight of the yellow flowing stream issuing from her vagina. The soft hiss of her pissing was barely audible over the background noise of TV and air conditioning. The table acted as a screen to hide her activities and we both knew that she was in no rush to finish her piss over the floor. I leaned forwards eager to take in as much as possible. From my new vantage point I could see Tina's pee shower as it landed over the carpet where a growing stain had formed.

«Would you like a better look?» Tina asked a sly smile on her face.

I nodded furiously. Between her legs her piss stream was vanishing. Quickly Tina readjusted her position on her chair placing herself on an angle with her spine arced backwards and her pussy lips pointed upwards in my direction. She had spread her legs even further apart to accommodate the table between them and the view of her hairy brown pussy was simply perfect.

Just then Tina started to pee again and I had to leap backwards to avoid being caught by her new piss stream as it shot into the air above the table where it stayed for a brief moment before it began to fall in a golden arch. Within seconds her pee shower was splattering down over the bar table. I gasped in disbelief at this new incredible spectacle. The risk she was taking was so great but yet what a shower! Hot yellow piss flew in all directions as it played over the wooden surface. A few warm splashes even landed on my shirt giving me an added thrill. The look on Tina's face was now one of complete concentration whilst she squeezed her piss upwards and onto the table. A naughtier idea came to me and I acted on it instantly.

Grabbing my drink I downed several large mouthfuls and then immediately moved the half empty glass towards the flowing piss stream still shooting out of Tina's pussy. Hot yellow piss rained into my glass as I held it up into Tina's dying pee stream. She had already released an incredible amount of piss and I was amazed how much such a petite girl like this could hold. We both watched on entranced as the last of Tina's toilet played into my pint glass. Suddenly her piss stream shut off.

A look of worry had replaced the expression on Tina's face and as I turned to see what had caught her attention I was aware of her hurriedly closing her legs and returning to a normal seating position. A young couple was making there way over in our direction. Fortunately they did not seem to be paying any special attention to us so I returned to face Tina. She looked incredibly worried and for a moment I wondered what she was concerned about. Then I realised what a mess the table was in. Most of its surface was now covered in a cooling puddle of Tina's wee.

«I think we should leave» she said starting to stand.

As I rose to join her I noticed that she had managed to push down her skirt to hide her pussy from view. I took her extended hand and we quickly walked towards the door. I half expected an urgent shout to follow us out but we made the door without a disturbance. As we exited I took a quick look behind us. In the far corner the new couple had taken a table only a few paces away from where Tina had only moments ago been squirting her gorgeous pee.

A sharp tug on my hand pulled my out into the chill night air.

«I still need to finish off» she said into my ear. «Follow me»

With Tina leading, out hands still locked, she guided my round the side of the building into the narrow alleyway. Overhead a solitary street light illuminated our way.

«Here will do» she said coming to stop at the back of the large black BMW parked there. Letting go she moved up to the boot and started to raise her skirt. A soft hissing sound immediately started to issue from the direction of the car's rear end and I hurried over to catch the show. From Tina's vagina was shooting a new stream of piss, its colour indistinct in the poor light. I gasped with delight as I watched her play her piss stream backwards and forwards over the car's registration plate.

I waited until she had fully finished her wee and was pushing back her skirt into place before producing my cock. A loud pattering sound coming from the steel dustbins announced the start of my own piss. Instantly Tina was by my side watching eagerly as I hosed down the garbage with my shooting piss stream. Suddenly I felt Tina's warm hand sliding over my own as she took over control of the aim of my dick. I let go of my penis straight away enjoying having Tina's finger holding my member. I could feel my dick stiffening in response to her touch and I tried desperately to not let this shut off my shower.

«Relax» she whispered seductively in my ear.

'Like that would be possible' I thought still trying to squeeze my piss out as hard as possible. She was currently aiming my hot stream over the pub wall and I realised that she was trying to form the letters of her name upon the bricks. Unfortunately the effect of her hand upon my penis was making this impossible and my shooting yellow flow was already diminishing. As soon as I had finished I was pulling Tina into my arms, my hands flowing down her back to cup her firm bum cheeks firmly up against my body. I could the heat of her flesh through my clothing, her moist pussy ready for my erect cock to slide into and within seconds she was riding up and down on my manhood. Raw passion flooded my senses and I was obvious to the world as we fucked away. I don't know how long I lasted until I came inside Tina's hot wet cunt, but the ecstasy of the moment washed over me leaving me gasping for air and a return to sanity.

I walked Tina back to her car in silence. I think we were both reliving the night's events in out minds. As we reached her car door she turned and hugged me tightly her mouth up to my ear.

«We'll do this again soon» she whispered and continued «I want to leave you something to remember me by» and with that she guided my right hand down and under the folds of her skirt. I felt my fingers tracing my way up her inner thigh before suddenly a soft warm damp sensation started to flow over my skin. I kissed her long and hard as her hot piss flowed over my hand under her skirt. She returned my kiss with equal passion. I was ready for taking her again there and then in the street but she suddenly pushed me away with a firm hand.

«Not now lover boy» she said opening her car door.

