Average life turned...wet! part 11

14th July 2014, 01:42 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 11

The next morning the girls got up a bit later than usual, went through the jogging and breakfast rituals and were clean and ready to go by about 10 am.

Kim went into the kitchen to start making preparations for the foods and drinks for the party. She started with putting the rice in the rice cooker because Sushi was on the menu today in combination with other light foods. They decided on small 'bites' called 'Tapas' in Spanish and Sushi. Drinks of course Nicolas the waiter from the restaurant would be in charge of those and some ice cream spiked with the 'special ingredient'. Sabrina had the honor to be the live serving tray.

After about 10 minutes the doorbell rang, «That must be Nicolas en his friend to help out, can you get the door Sabrina?» Kim asked Sabrina. Sabrina went to the entrance opened it and there was Nicolas with a nice looking and just a bit chubby girl, medium height, green eyes light brown hair till the shoulders and a nice set of breasts. She had a piercing in her eyebrow and it showed that she had one in her belly button as well and possibly in the folds of her pussy as well Sabrina thought.

«Morning Sabrina, you look stunning this morning, and possibly every morning. ha ha, may I introduce to you, this is Beth. She works freelance at the restaurant and as well as a hair dresser, especially for special requests like punk and also does pubic hair and body painting. As an extra she does some pole dancing acts as well. I brought some things, can you give us a hand unloading my car Sabrin?» Nicolas asked after which he and Beth turned around and walked back to the boot of the car.

Out came cool boxes, a dance fold- up pole in a bag and more things.

Nicolas continued, «Sabrin. If you go with Beth, she is going to make you look even more beautiful and erotic, she brought her trimming set for your pubics and body painting equipment and need some time for that so you better start now. I will set up the things in the garden and help Kim with the food preparation. I brought some food also from the restaurant that the chef prepared for you because he knows what kind of food Kim and Rob like and they are such friendly frequent customers that he insisted in making some things.

Sabrina and Beth went to the living room coffee table and started preparing. Put some plastic sheets on the ground so no paint or hair will be messing up the place.

«Just undress yourself Sabrina lay down and I will do the rest. First I will make a piece of art from your bush and when I start with the paint I will undress also in order not to mess up my clothes», Beth suggested.

There was a knock on the door and this time it was Kim who answered it. The neighbors Don and Robin stood there with a huge grin on their face. «Hi Kim, sorry we have not been around for a while we have just arrived last night late and just want to see how you and Rob are, didn't see you outside yet so we just came and see if you guys are up already. «

«Robin! Don, what a timing you guys have, Rob isn't here yet but we just decided a few days ago when Rob was on a business trip to organize an early Birthday surprise party for him. I got a unexpected visit from an 'old' friend from San Francisco and it turned out to be a wonderful visit. We wanted to invite you too, we are happy that you are back here and just in time. It starts at about 3pm today at least that is when I expect Rob back and the fun can begin.

I suggest you go back home and sleep a few hours more because it is going to be a late one today and you need your energy to dance and swim etcetera» Kim said it with a wink, « So hope the neighbors won't complain about the noise hi hi, dress up for this but not too fancy, just find something exiting or erotic to wrap around and maybe if Beth here is finished with my friend Sabrina early I could ask her to visit you and maybe help Robing getting ready and make some body paint decorations or do some 'jungle' trimming ha ha. Beth is experimenting with edible body paint and it will last at least for 8 to 12 hours maybe. She makes up her own batch of body paint she told me.» Robin said that she was looking forward to it and they left back home.

In the meantime Beth had unpacked all her stuff and had some very interesting equipment like very small and tiny trimmers, pin stripe like paint sprayers with a little hose at the back that the artist needs to blow in instead of using compressed air. A full naked Sabrina now laid back on the table and was waiting for things to happen.

By the time Beth was finished with the pubic hair it looked stunning. She made artistic designs in the shape of hippie styles from the sixties and played around with bald lines, long and shorter patches etc.

«Ok not finished yet Sabrina not for long, now the painting part, first I will undress, look if you like touch if you like, I am ok with it,» Beth said.

Beth undressed and there were the ahs and ohs from Sabrina, some tattoos but mostly henna Beth explained because she likes to change designs now and then. A beautiful trimmed bush, a belly button piercing in full view now and Beth spread her legs to show Sabrina the piercing in her pussy. Sabrina looked up close, «Hey Beth, it is like a charm from a bracelet and it looks like..., this Belgian statue this pissing statue ha ha, love it Beth, I would like to get one maybe too! Does it have any particular meaning Beth??»

«Of course it does, I once dated a Belgian guy for a while and she winked to Sabrina, now lay down and I will first rub you with some special lotion in order for the paint to stick better. The paint is edible but it even if you spill a drink on yourself it just won't come off that quickly, you either got to use a wash cloth and soap or ask your friends to lick it of», Beth said. «How about if I accidently peeing myself Beth, will it come off?» Sabrina wanted to know. «

«So Girl, you got plans», Beth said grinning.

After about an hour and a half Beth was finished applying the paint and it was looking incredible! Sabrina looked like some kind of Pharaoh or Cleopatra. The paint was mostly applied to the sides, the pussy, and the face and leaving blank spaces on the breasts and belly.

Kim and Nicolas were about finished with the food and Nicolas had set up a strong type of buffet table able to fold and used mostly for catering parties. Nicolas had asked Kim for a thin camping mattress for Sabrina to lie on and some very small and thin pillow to give some extra comfort and support to Sabrina.

Sabrina laid down and Nicolas started decorating the table. Then out came the food and the food glue that Nicolas and Kim had prepared and stuck the little bites, snacks and Sushi pieces to Sabrina's body.

Kim had an extra request, «Nicolas, we tried some different glue yesterday, how about we use Sabrina's left leg for that and that will be for us girls, a little special for us!» She then whispered, «How is Beth about all of this, she is ok with it?»

«She is Ok with it Kim,» Nicolas replied, «I informed her when I asked because I knew Beth has a little kinky side which she blurted it out once and Beth was looking forward to do this and come here».

«Beth, can you give us hand over here, Nicolas need some help producing some food glue», Kim asked.

Beth walked over and she and Kim both started working on Nicolas. Kim pulling gently on Nicolas' cock and putting her hand under his balls and touching his scrotum and Beth started sucking the tip of his cock, circling in rapid movements with her tongue around his knob.

It did not take long for Nicolas to shoot is load and it was a lot. Beth could barely hold it and quickly emptied her mouth on Sabrina's leg. Kim and Beth started smearing the 'glue' all over her leg. Nicolas soon recovered and starting placing some salty snacks on it and they held very well.

«Ok Beth, I see you are Ok with what we are doing here, so now I need yours and Nicolas' help again making ice cream. We are making 3 different ones and we use the ice cream maker which can mix it and cool it very quickly. So here are some glasses of water, start drinking, refill them and drink again, you can mix the water with some lemonade powder if you want or lime juice. After you drank the 3rd refill hold on to your glass and wait. I will mix the other ice-cream ingredients and I saw that Nicolas brought a blender and an ice cream maker as well.»

Kim turned around and started to put the main ingredients in the ice cream makers and blender as well.

By now Beth and Nicolas finished drinking their 3rd glass and were already squirming and needing to go.

«Right!, take your glass and pee in it, I will pee in mine as well», Kim took her panties down and placed her cup between her legs. The three of them started filling the cups after which Kim took them and mixed part of each glass in each of the ice cream machine bowls. She than took the glasses and without know which was whose, gave them back to Nicolas and Beth. There was still some left in them and Kim held up her glass and toasted with them. «Just a little sample of what will be going down later today, cheers!»

Beth took her things and since there was some time left, she went to the neighbors to see if she could do some decorating for Robin.

Beth returned just at the same time the guest of honor was about to arrive and went into hiding and so did Nicolas. Don and Robin were waiting at their own house for the signal to come over and would then arrive through the garden and via the patio.

Rob parked the car and walked to the door and Kim was at the door. «Hi honey, welcome home, hold my hand and I will guide you to your room where I laid out some clothes for you, I see you already cleaned up and showered and shaved at the Garage so dress up because have we got a treat for you.»

Kim helped Rob get dressed and it was sexy and left nothing to the imagination. Kim gave Rob a drink that Nicolas had prepared earlier. Juice made from several fruits and spiked with some dark rum.

«Rob, let me guide you to your present, hope you are hungry and thirsty and most of the food is all yours, and not only the food but also the tray it is placed on is edible, do what you like, enjoy it is your Birthday soon!, only thing is, the food on the left leg is only for us ladies!» Kim took Rob by the hand, asked him to close his eyes and let him to the patio where a small garden tent was set up and some cooling fans. Rob was allowed to open his eyes and was happily surprised when he was seeing a female lying on the table, beautiful decorated, face not easy recognizable since it was painted and had some vegetable leaves glued on the cheeks.

«Oh by the way, the help us celebrate your birthday I took the liberty of inviting some others as well! Come on out everyone!» Kim shouted. Nicolas and Beth came from the spare bedroom and the neighbors came from behind the fence dividing the 2 properties. Everyone was dressed very erotic and also Robin had a few nice decorations that were made by Beth. Kim introduced everyone to Rob just to make it official except Sabrina.

Drinks were handed out, the neighbors had brought a little present as well it was a bottle opener and cork screw in the shape of female and male genitals.

Drinks were raised, toasts were made and everyone started picking up the snacks from Sabrina's body. Rob was allowed first and took a piece that was glued to Sabrina's nipple. There was plenty of food, little bowls with sauce like soy sauce and salad dressing and other side dishes sitting on the table next to Sabrina's.

«By the way Rob, in case you have not recognized her, the serving tray today is Sabrina, my ex-husbands daughter you already tasted the day before yesterday. Sabrina has a little extra feature, see the glass standing next to her head with the straws? We made her do some technical things with that, she can produce a real exiting and tasty fountain on her own. Every one hold you glasses ready and have them filled by or own Sabrina!» After Kim had said that she took Rob's hand with his glass in it and showed Rob how to do it. Just tap with your finger tip on Sabrina's belly once to start and twice to stop.

Nicolas and Beth had done some work on Sabrina, using some food glue and some transparent tape to make sure that the fountain would go straight up in the air. The idea was that before the stream would be crashing down on Sabrina's belly the glass would be there to catch it.

Rob smiled and tapped once on Sabrina's belly and Sabrina had already been desperate to pee for an hour almost and started. It worked; her beautiful almost transparent but lovely smelling fragrant pee shot straight up in the air and came down in Rob's glass! After it was about a quarter full, Rob tapped twice and mentioned that he would leave some for the others as well. Everyone tried out the new fountain and filled part of their glass. Again a toast and everyone was swallowing it down.

Kim told Robin to take the food from Sabrina's left leg because they used some special glue and all four ladies, including Sabrina, started picking up the food glued with Nicolas' cum. «What a party Kim and what a variety of foods and tastes. «Wait until you taste the ice-cream later», Kim said.

Kim stood up from her seat «Ok, if you like everyone, if your food is a little bit sticking too much to Sabrina, just pee on Sabrina and the food and it is easier to come off and at the same time you are cleaning of the glue from Sabrina with it and Sabrina would even prefer it this way.»

First Rob asked Kim to go to Sabrina and use her magic champagne to pee on the food. Help was needed so Don and Rob took each a side of Kim and put her arm on each other's shoulder and lifted Kim up by putting a hand under her knee. Kim was of the ground now and her legs spread and started peeing on the left over food. Rob and Don were playing around a bit and swaying Kim and the pee flew around in more places than only on Sabrina. Some of it landed in the side dishes and on the Italian bread as well.

After Kim came Beth and after Beth came Robin. Sabrina was soaked and the foods started sliding of Sabrina's body. Nicolas placed some more new food on Sabrina and joined in with Rob and Don in eating the soaked pieces of food that had fallen of Sabrina.

After the guys finished eating the tasty snack's fragranced with girl's pee it was the men's turn to serve the women. Ron started to pee on Sabrina and not only had he directed his stream at the food but also at Sabrina's mouth and face. When Rob build up some pressure and squeezed his cock he was able to pee as far as Sabrina's glass that was next to Sabrina's head and straws fed the water and now pee to her mouth.

After Rob, Don and Nicolas followed suit. Then it was the ladies turn to sample the new tastes of the snacks. Not only that, after all the food was eaten they proceeded to lick Sabrina clean.

«Wetter's and 'wetted',» Kim said jokingly ,» let's get cleaned up just a bit, just jump in to the pool and we can start the second part of the evening, the entertainment. As you can see, there are comfortable seats all with soft pillows in them and we created a little stage with a pole. Nicolas and Beth will show their dancing act. Do as you please, pee wherever you want in this area and on whom you want. The pillows can be washed and if a little smell remains I will stick my nose in it every once and a while to remember this party.»

Everyone jumped in the pool. The water was nice and warm and some stiff cocks were being serviced already. Sabrina started sucking off Nicolas and took turns with Beth. It did not take Nicolas long and the 2 ladies were waiting with their mouth on each side of Nicolas' cock to get the cream they so desired. On the other side of the pool Robin was sucking of Don, Rob was exploring Robin's pussy and Kim was fucking Rob. All came within seconds of each other and sperm was flying all over. The ladies rushed in to clean up every drop with their tongue.

When everyone was calmed down, climbed out of the pool and dried themselves a bit, they sat down in their seats, waiting for the show to begin.

