Tammy's Visits Again Part 2

17th February 2010, 01:53 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Tammy and I dug for about two hours not digging up many bottles. Both of us were getting hungry and thirsty. We stopped and rested. I asked Tammy How would you like to go get something to eat and drink? Take my car I said to her. Tammy was all for it. She ran down the embankment and got in my Mustang. She started it and was ready to pull away but I yelled to her STOP!

She looked over at me as I came down the embankment. What's wrong? she asked me. You're going to need some money arn't you? Tammy started laughing. I guess I will need that! she replied back to me. I gave her a twenty and she then took off. I went back up the embankment and wen back to digging.

Just as Tammy came back I dug out a old big fancy water bottle. It was over a hundred years old and in very good shape for one small chip in the top lip. I still have this botle today. Tammy parked my Mustang got out with a big bag and climbed up to where I was sitting. She gave me the change from the twenty and she had bought sub sandwiches and several sodas. I took the soda first opened it and guzzled it right down.

When I finished guzzling the soda down I let out one long very loud burp. Tammy giggled and jabbed e in the ribs witha a elbow. Excuse yourself she said to me. So I said Excuse me! We then sat and ate the subs and drank soda for the next 45 minutes. I also showed the big fancy water botle that had dug up to Tammy. She thought it was so cool.

Then we tried digging in a different spot moving further down the hill and embankment. This turned out to be a much better spot for both of us. Both of us after digging down into the dirt (less ash and cinders) hit bunches of bottles! Tammy got real excited now since she had not dug up any bottles till now. I aslo to got excited for I had dug up several whisky flasks in different colors.

With both f getting excited over the bottles our excitement made us both need to piss and quite badly too! Tammy was so desperate to piss she just squated down right over the hole she had dug and started pissing very hard into her hole! I myself just pulled my zipper down on my cutoffs got my cock out and without holding it just stood there pissing sendng out a hard stream of piss further up the embankment above the hole that I had dug out.

Now as I was watching Tammy piss into the hole she had dug the dirt here was not all that absorbent. Her piss made a very muddy looking puddle in the hole and itslowly was filling with her piss. I said to Tammy laughing lightly asI spoke to her; You're not still going to dig there are you? You better look to see what you're doing! Tammy wasn't looking down at all for she had been watching me piss.

Tammy looked down into the hole and saw now tha it was partialy filled up with muddy brown piss with some yellowish brown piss foam on top. Tammy giggled slightly first. Then she said back to me; I had to go so bad! Tammy didn't bother to move and just went on pissing. As it turned out with her pissing in her hole one side collasped with a latge old bottle falling out with the collapsing dirt. The botle turned out to be a drug botle which was eather and still had its fancy paper label intact and the original cork inserted in the top too. I have this bottle still today also.

I finished my piss before Tammy finished hers. I went over by her as she was finishing her piss reached down and pulled the eather botle out of the hole. Tammy was dribbling piss still yet and then she did a few spurts and then stopped. She stood up and stepped off to the side and she picked up the bottle and read the label. Meanwhile from down in her hole her piss was slowly being asorbed by the dirt. It was making very soft sort of crackling sounds as it slowly got asorbed.

Then even before all of her pis was asorbed by the dirt Tammy took her shvel and scooped out her hole with muddy dirt that her piss had made. There has to be more here! Tammy said to me as she scooped out the muddy dirt from the hole. She was right! After several more scoops taken from the hole the upper side collasped and several botles slid down into sight. She picked them out and gave them to me.

As it turned out the bottles were all flasks again which some were duplicates. So I gave her the duplicates and kept some of the others for myslef that were not duplicates. We wen on digging for another hour finding more botles as we dug. At the end of the hour we stopped for we now were not finding any more botles in the spot we were digging in.

So it was time for another break which we bth neded to take. Tammy climbed up to the top of the hill and sat down on the grass beside one of the large old trees. She was thirsty and so was I. So I climbed down walked over to the rivers edge and pulled tow sodas from the water. They were cold which was good. I went back up the embankment and sat down next to Tammy an we sat there talked some and drank our bottles of soda together.

Now it had been sunny with clear skies up till now. It now was starting to cloud over. It also had goten quite windy too. Almost seemed that we may have another thunder storm comming at least that is what I was thinking. But there was no sound of thunder yet to be heard. I asked Tammy if she wanted to call it a day. I was ready to. Tammy said yes to me and we held hands went down the embankment stopped picked up our shovels and my bacpack which was almost filled with the botles we had dug up.

We then got into my Mustang and we left the old dump and went back home. As I parked came off in the distance the sound of thunder. So I hit the sitch for the top and raised the top up and we latched it down,rolled up all the windows, and then grabbed the shoves and backpack and went inside my apartment. Tammy was sure in a hurry to get inside too. For she ran to my door and waited stansding there bouncing up and down as I unlocked my door to let us in.

Tammy ran through the door as soon as I had opened it. Saying at the same time as she ran inside my apartment; I HAVE TO PISS! Tammy was that desperate to go. Now she stood in the middle of the livingroom bouncing up and down with both of her hands wedged tightly between her thighs. As she bounced she was also spinning around at the same time. Tammy was also looking around urgently as she spun around and bounced up and down.

Now siting by the kitchen doorway was one of my friends clam steamer pots that I had borrowed. Tammy spotted it. CAN I PISS IN THAT! she said to me pointing to the clamsteamer pot. She only pointed at the pot for a short second or two and shoved her hand back into her crotch hard. I told her she better not. That's not mine I said to her. Tammy let out a loud groan.

Then she spotted the plastic pail with my mop inside of it that I used for washing the floors. Without saying anything more she ran over to it with her thighs closed tight on her hands pulled one hand out between her thighs pulled the mop out from the plastic bucket tossed it aside into my bedroom. Tammy then stepped over the bucket straddling it took her other hand out from her crotch and boy did she ever start to piss hard!

Tammy had started to piss so fast and hard when she did start she didn't have time to pull up my tshirt to get it out of the way. So when she started pissing her stream hit towards the botom of the tshirt instantly soaking it with piss! Also hitting the tshirt her piss splattered too some making the inside of the bucket and some hiting the floor.

Seeing this happen I said to Tammy loudly; Hey you're pissing on the floor too Tammy! Tammy now saw that she was and pulled up my piss soaked tshirt. Now without the tshirt in the way she no longer sprayed piss on the floor. All of her piss was going inside of the plastic bucket drumming ever so loudly. Then bsides the loud drumming after the botom of the plastic bucket got covered with her piss it began splashing noisily too.

Tammy sighed loudly now. Her lower belly was swollen outward so that showed how much her bladder had been filled. Her piss stream was going from a wide spraying stream down into a neat wide stream and pulsated back and forth between the two types of streams as Tammy pissed. Then after almost a half minute had gone by her piss stream steadyed just being a wide neat stream of piss no longer spraying. It also began to hiss but not all that loud.

Now Tammy said something to me. Good thing for the bucket she said to me. I would have just pissed on the floor! That would have made one big mess! I shook my head and told Tammy it would have. Now still watching her piss her stream narrowed down going into a twist and its hissing got much louder. Tammy had also taken one of her hands and placed it on her hard swollen lower belly. Gee I didn't know that I could hold so much too! Well you have I said back to her. Tammy smiled slightly.

I mentioned that she didn't seem to me that she was that desperate to go when we left the dump. Tammy let out just a litle giggle. I wasn't! she said to me. It ht me all of a sudden when I got out of the car! Boy that was fats then I said to her. Tammy agreed and told me It sure was! Now Tamm'ys piss stream started easing off with its hissing stopping, her stream thinned right down and split into two thin streams for several seconds went back into one and then she came to a dribbling dripping stop.

Then Tammy pulled off my tshirt and used it to wipe herself off. It had been already partaily soaked with her piss so it really didn't matter to me if she used it for wiping herself off. Tammy now was done wiping and she stepped away from the bucket into the bedroom. She tossed my tshirt in the laundry hamper and also picked up the mop off the floor and wiped the piss withthe mop that she had sprayed on the floor.

She put the mop in the bucket and she went naked out into the kitchen and then into the bathroom. I herd her dump the bucket out. Run some water and then she came back and put the bucket with the mop back where it had been. Then she checked to see if her clothes that she had first worn the jumper,skirt, and top that had been soaked by the morning rain when she got caught in the mornings storm. They were dry she told me. But she didn't put them on. Instead she came walking right over to me hugged me tightly and gave me a hard kiss.

