Fear in the Forest

28th December 2015, 08:27 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

I wanted to share a fantasy that I've had for a while and I thought I'd embellish it inside a story. Just so you know, it has crossed my mind to actually stage this for real someday, but it seems almost too difficult and perhaps fantasy is best left fantasy! It has been a while since I wrote a story, so here it goes:

The subject includes self-desperation and wetting and even a little bit of 'golden shower' so I hope it has a bit of everything for y'all

Fear in the Forest

_____

It was a warm August night and I had just said goodbye to people at a small party with immediate friends. The air was moist and grassy in a light haze, lit with fire flies and buzzing with moths. As some of us started to leave the party, we all headed toward my friend Tessa's car in the driveway and she had promised to give me and other friends a ride home. I only lived a couple miles away from the party but I already had 2 glasses of wine and a cocktail and it was dark. I noticed Tessa was slurring her words in a whiny, whale-like voice and it was almost as if the alcohol in her blood was oozing through her pores. Her eyes were covered in a glassy coating. Her brother took the car keys from her and they all left before I could even say 'I need a ride.'

I found myself standing outside in the yard by myself wanting to go home. I heard cars driving away and I took a deep breath. I felt myself in a surreal dream-like state...maybe partially induced from the alcohol, maybe partly because I felt lonely. Originally, I went to the party to be social and I found myself attracted to a woman at the party but it was not meant to be... I found myself awkwardly talking with people I didn't know who were too drunk to remember me the next day. Was this going to be the highlight of my weekend? It all felt so stupid and although I was feeling warm in my head from alcohol myself, I still felt hollow but restless. The type of feeling I get when I crave intimacy. A longing to feel, to feel and to touch something earthly and euphoric. But, it was late- I wanted to go home, and I started walking.

The walk to my house was longer than I remember. I tried to walk on a road but the road was dark and honestly I felt scared to walk alone on that road. I remembered the nature trail I always walk on connected to this road and that trail led straight to my neighborhood. I felt safe on this trail, but I'd never walked at night.

My phone was on 5% power and then my phone's flashlight would not work. I started down the trail head and went into the trees. It was so dark. I heard the whinny and hoot of owls and rustlings of some type of wildlife. The wind was picking up and there was a hissing in the treetops. The organic smell of the forest filled my head and my heart started to beat faster. I felt sweat building up under my arms, chest and under all my clothing. I felt a fear, but a charge of excitement in this suburban but enchanted wilderness. The trail was long and I knew it could take me 30 minutes or more to get home. In my head I had a quick flash of imagery back to the party where I felt the urge to go pee but I didn't. Within seconds I felt a pressure where the urge to go was quite urgent.

I was no stranger to this feeling. I had always had a mildly overactive bladder and I had for years hidden something about myself that was so secret that even best friends didn't know. For as long as I could remember, I had a compulsion to pee on myself in private, either in my clothes, in a bathtub or on towels or sheets. I would sometimes hold my pee until I would lose control. I don't know why I did this. It always depressed me, but I always found ways to do it without anyone knowing. I felt like it was a way for me to be a child again, to be irresponsible, to be care-free and just escape being an adult, but yet have adult feelings. I often found this activity to be so intense and erotic that this would be the way I would have orgasms on my own, in private. I had not shared this with anyone at that point in my life. I had a lot of shame about it, but doing it would dull the shame if only for a moment.

Now here I was. My heart was beating so fast. I knew that feeling deep down- the type of feeling where it was literally minutes from not being able to make it to a bathroom. Up to this point I had rarely had an issue where I would have a real accident away from home but here it was. This was real, and I was not going to make it. I had a choice, pull down my pants and pee in the woods, or try to hold it with the high probability I would have an accident.

My body could spasm and I would pee in my pants like I was 3, not 31.

I started to feel fear, but I felt myself swell deep inside down there. I felt a wetness in my panties grow more and more. My heart beat climbed to marching pace. I thought I had peed, but I knew it wasn't pee. I honestly felt so turned on that I wanted to touch myself. Right there in the woods. I could smell my perfume, my sweat and mixed with the woods, I felt this overpowering compulsion of nature. I decided that I wanted to lose control of my body right there in the woods. But just as that happened I heard noises. I heard a rustling, almost like it was human footsteps. I stopped. I was terrified.

I turned toward the sounds and held my breath, which was difficult. I started to feel like I was in a fantasy-like state. The fear was overpowering and as I focused on the sound, while trying to concentrate on the urge to not pee. I began to feel a numbness in my bladder and waves of warmth started to flow over my pussy. It felt like the alcohol had numbed my control such that it was 'broken', or 'loose.' I felt a burst of sharp spasm and a large amount of wetness flowed into my pants. I clenched my legs together and I felt the spasms stop. It was starting. I was not going to pee in the woods, I was going to pee in my pants. The sounds tapered away and then trailed off to a galloping. I saw a shadow of a deer, and it was a relief it was not a person. I felt like I was in that child-like state again. Vulnerable, weak and scared, but I felt so excited. I kept walking. The walk seemed like forever.

I came upon a hill and I could finally see lights from the neighborhood. Just as I took another step another intense urge started. This particular urge was so intense that pee was coming out as I tried to walk. It felt like a cold but hot poker shooting through my bladder muscle and then a 'give.' At that point I gave up. I wanted it to happen. Pee poured from my pants... I could even smell it. It was warm and soaking my leggings and even into my shoes. I didn't even care. It seemed like it lasted 10-20 seconds. I felt high. Euphoric.

It was real...I was losing control. I crouched down behind a large tree. It was so dark. The smell of the leaves on the floor of the woods and the dirt made me feel so organic...so natural. I removed my leggings as quickly as I could. I was in my panties soaked in pee, and my blouse. I immediately started rubbing my pussy, pressing hard into my clitoris with everything I had. There was a strong mix of perfume, pee smell, dirt and night air. Within a minute I had an orgasm. I had 2-3 aftershocks through my body like lightning. I almost felt dizzy. I received 2 or 3 mosquito bites after that, but I didn't care.

I was headed into this very dark place in my head for a moment. I reached this drunk, but emotional place where I didn't care even if I was seen, or heard and I was in such pleasure. I took off my blouse, my bra and my panties

. I was naked on the floor of the woods behind that tree, in the dark. I still had to pee so badly. I don't know why this compulsion came over me, but I wanted to be peed on. I wanted to have pee on my skin and in the dirt.

I put my hands under my hips and lifted my legs and pushed hard and peed all over myself for as much and long as I could. It was warm and the smell was so organic and natural...just like the woods. It poured onto my tummy and breasts and flowed down underneath my back. I felt so excited I rubbed again and I came within 30 seconds. At this point I was shaking, soaked in pee, dirty and cold. I was scared...but so excited. I put my clothes back on and finished my walk home. I didn't want to wash my body as it reminded me of what I had done. I stayed dirty for a few hours, and had another amazing orgasm and then I finally took a bubble bath and then slept like a baby.

