Beach House 13: Back at the House

16th July 2013, 05:09 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Per request... the girls are back.

The keys jangled in the lock as Kiki opened the door to the beach house. Behind her, Lara was trying to squeeze past her.

"Move, I've got to pee," she said, giggling. Kiki made no effort to hurry, though. Her mom and Danielle wanted to take a quick walk on the beach while Kiki and Lara carried the bags from their shopping trip to the beach house.

"Why are you in such a hurry?" Kiki asked, her tone playful and curious. "Is it really bad?"

"Oh my god, yes, please just let me in." Lara was squeezing her legs together, clearly very desperate. She was wearing a new pair of black Capri tights that flattered her figure nicely and she really didn't want to drench them with pee the first time she wore them.

"Just hold on a second," Kiki said. "I want you to tell me something."

"Oooh, what?" Lara hissed, now obviously holding herself.

"How does it feel for you? When you wet yourself?" Lara gasped and grabbed her crotch.

"You really... need me to tell you this right now? Can't I pee first?"

Kiki giggled. "I'm not letting you in this beach house until you tell me. How does it feel for you when you wet yourself?"

Lara felt a wave of pressure and felt a tiny spurt in her panties

, but she managed to hold back a full flow.

"Come on," Kiki said. "Out with it." Lara felt like she had no choice as Kiki blocked the door. She was smaller than Kiki and their was no way she could force her way past. Besides, the exertion would probably make her pee herself, anyway.

"It feels... warm. Like something familiar and comfortable... caressing my vagina... and... Oh, god, I can't do this."

"It's okay," Kiki whispered.

"Um... and I love how it... kind of tickles my clitoris... especially when I... pee a lot... and it sprays out of me."

"Mmm hmm," Kiki said. Lara watched as Kiki started touching herself under her skirt.

"Ohh, and I love... how warm it feels running down my legs... when I keep them together... Ohh, Kiki, I can't hold it anymore."

"It's okay. Pee right here. I want to watch you. But do it just like you said."

Lara was happy to comply. She took her hand away from her crotch. Keeping her legs together, she closed her eyes, sighed and let go. Immediately, her crotch became warm with pee as she filled her panties and soaked her tights. She licked her lips as her hot flow sprayed out of her with a loud hiss and trickled down her legs. "Ohhh, this is so good... Mmm."

Lara opened her eyes and saw Kiki, watching her intently and still stroking herself. Then, Kiki gasped as a warm flow fell from beneath her skirt and splashed noisily to the concrete, leaving an obvious puddle at her feet. The two girls continued to pee, panting and gasping as they relieved themselves right outside the door of the beach house, not caring if anyone walked by or saw when they had done.

