Holiday Camping Weekend Part 1

28th May 2009, 06:45 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

This is a true story that had happened when I camped out on Memorial Day weekend back in 1973. I did it kind of differently for instaed of taking my car I used my ten speed bike to ride to the campsite. Going this way resulted to having this story told.

I had taken two of my vacation days for this weekend too. So I had Friday and Tuesday off along with the other three days over the holiday weekend. I planned to use Friday and Tuesday as my travel days which I would only need Friday as it turned out. I was all packed up on Thursday night and got a good night sleep.

I had a good breakfast Friday morning and I left around eight in the morning and off I went. I had almost a 55 mile trip ahead of me and I went along a t a good clip on my ten speed bike. I was going to go further to another location but I had called ahrad and the state campsite was already filled. I tried a second one that was closer and they told me that they had sites still but get there early for they could not guarentee if they would still have some when I got there.

As it turned out after riding for about three and half hours I arrived at this state park and they had filled up. This also too would be another fortunate break for me in this story. The ranger told me there was a private campsite about four miles from here and try there. So I did and twent miinutes later I was there and the person at the entrance told me they had plenty of spots and go take a look for one.

So I rode in the campsite and road around and found myself a good one that was all by itself which was large and would be great one to have. So I unloaded my tent, sleepingbag, and other items off my bike placing them on the picnic table and rode back to the office. I payed for the site after registering and went back to my site to setup camp.

I setup my tent first and put my sleepingbag and backpack in the tent also. I then setup my sterno stove on the picnic table and I set my portible radio on the table too. I turned the radio on so I had tunes to listen to as I went about taking care of my campsite. While doing the rest of my setup chores I needed to piss. On the site there were many bushes so I just walked over to where the bushes were and I took my piss there.

Now without me knowing right at that time my tenspeed bike,tent, and campsite had attracted some attention from a couple of passerbyes out on the road. It was a girl and her brother as it turned out. Now here I am standing between my tent and the bushes taking a very hard piss and those two walked right into my campsite. I of course had not seen or heard them walk in.

Here is what happened. The brother and his sistor first checked out my tenspeed bike. Then the sistor came walking over to the tent but she first was in by the side front of it and she had not seen me yet for I was still hidden from her sight by my tent. Then she came around to the front of my tent and she moved over more to look inside and she spotted me standing there pissing!

I had my back to her but she had to at see my piss stream between my legs for it was only going out about three feet in front of me and I was pissing in the sand on the ground in front of me. I heard her giggle softly which I knew it was a girls giggle by the sound of it. I was taken by complete surprise too. Instead of trying to stop my piss I didn;t turn my head around to see but I turned sideways to see exposing myself to her and I was still pissing at the same time!

Then I realized what I mistakingly had done. I managed to bear down fast and hard stopping my piss stream. Then I fumbled with my penis trying to stuff it back inside my shorts as fast as I could get it! It took me several seconds to do this too. I then zipped them up very quickly. Then I turned to face the girl. She was still standing there staring at me. Who are you? I asked her very loudly. She remained silent for a few seconds standing there.

Now the girls brother had heard me and I saw him starting to walk over toward me and the girl. As he walked over he told me he was sorry about bothering me. We saw your fancy bike and we took a look at it. I didn't see my sistor walk away over to you. Now the girl walked hurridly over to her brother and stood by him as I walked over to her brother.

He stuck out his hand and told me his name was John and told me this was his sistor Kathy. He told me that my bike was very nice and that he had never seen one like it. I was no longer embarrased or mad now. He seemed very friendly so I shook his hand and I thanked him about my bike. I also told him my name was. Glad to meet you Victor. His sistor Kathy remained silent while John and I continiued to talk.

As it turned out I was in for another surprise. As John and I talked we asked each other where we were from. When John told me where they were from it was a town that I had lived in that I had moved from two years ago! I told him this. He was just as suprised as I had been. So he and I went on talking for a littel while longer. I offered both of them a cold soda which John took one right away but Kathy didn;t say anything right off but then asked her brother would it be all right if she had one. John laughed and told her it was alright. Then she took one.

From this point on Kathy joined in on the conversation. There was more surprises as we atlked. For one of them was that when both John and Kathy told me where they lived I knew the road that they lived on fot I told them the name of one of the other familys that lived on the same road. They both said they knew who that family was! Kathy more then John for tow of the familys daughters were good friends of hers.

Some more time had passed and John asked me if he could take a spin on my bike. I told him he could. He got up from the picnic table and went right over to my bike got on it and started to ride off. He yelled back to his sitor telling her he would be right back. She said to me that John would be gone for awhile. I know him! I laughed. Being his sistor you most likely do. Kathy laughed some then to in agrement.

So Kathy and I sat at the table and we atlked while John was off riding my tenspeed. Kathy not having her brother there now sincerally apologized to me again about seeing me pissing. I was well over that now. I tod her don't worry about it. You saw it happen I'm not worried about it. That put her at ease for she giggled hard now. She and I went on talking and even she and I had another soda while we sat there talking to each other.

Some more time had went by. John was still out riding on my tenspeed somewhere for he was not back yet with it. Kathy and I were still siting and talking but she now was fidgeting a little on the picnic tables bench. I was getting hungry now so I asked Kathy if she was. She told me she was so how bout lunch? She said sure as she shuffled around some on the bench.

I got up and walked over to the cooler and got out some hotdogs and I also got some chips and pickles to go along with the hotdogs. I lit the sterno stove and I put the dogs on it. Kathy watched me but she was fidgeting on the bench more as she watched. I asked Kathy what was the matter. She told me two things.

One the bathingsuite she had on was tight and she also had to piss. I smiled and told her the bushes were right over there and I pointed to them. The way the campsite was setup there were bathrooms at the main lodge building at the swimmingpool. From my site it was a good ten minute walk. I thought Kathy would get up and say that she would go up to the lodge to go to the bathroom evn though I had in kidding saying about using the bushes to her instead.

Well she surprised me for she did get up and she told me she would use the bushes. When Kathy got up she was wearing a long tshgirt which covered her swimsuite. She took it off there at the table. Now I see that she had this electric blue one piece swimsuite on. She then started to walk towards the tent and the bushes. I turned and watched her walk. The swisuite sure was tight on her for it was pressed hard on her. It was so tight in the back you could plainly see her entire length outline of her asscrack even though it was covered by the swimsuite.

Kathy was taking small quick baby steps as she walked over to the tent. She only got as far as the front side of it though. She was still in plain sight as I looked over at her. She suddenly stopped dead in her tracks. I saw her two hands dissapear in front of her and out from sight. Her thighs were clenched tight together. Then I saw a dark spot apear in the very lower part in the back of her bathingsuite. It spreaded out rapidly.

Then I saw piss running down both of her legs. Kathy was pissing herself! She didn't make it to the bushes. What she did several seconds later was that she just squated down whre she was and kept on pissing. She couln't stop so she must have gave up and just let it happen now. Now that she had squated down the piss didn't run down her legs for a stream had formed and was going through the crotch of the swimsuite and was going straight down to the ground wetting the sand under her.

Kathy was looking down for her head was bent down even though she was not facing me. She laso had taken her hands away for she now had themreasing on her knees. I could see the one hand on her left knee from where I was. The wet dark sand spot under her grew bigger as she kept on pissing. Now I knew she was now not trying to stop.

Kathy remained squated for anooother good twenty seconds pissing. Then she finally had eased up for the stream dissapeared but she rewetted her legs again for I saw some piss running out the botom sides of her swimsuite which made her legs again wet with piss. Then she did stop pissing. She then stood up now for she was done.

She turned around and gaced me. I saw that the front crotch of her swimsuite was dark and wet. Kathy asked me to bring her top over along with she could use my tent for a moment. I have to change. I picked up her top walked over and gave it to her. She thanked me and I turned and walked back over to the picnic table. Kathy ducked inside my tent and she got changed. She came out a few minutes later with just the top on. Shehad her blue swimsuite in her hand as she stepped out from my tent.

She tossed her swimsuite on one of the bushes that was in the sun so it would dry out. Then she came over and joined me at the table. Well I see you didn't make the bushes ther Kathy. Kathy not the least embarresed by pissing herself giggled and told me she didn't. But I will have to wash my suite out or it is going to smell like piss. Lunch was raedy now and so we ate.

After eating Kathy asked me if I would walk her to her campsite. Her family was over in the rv camping section. She would wash her swimsuite there. I told her I would. So she helped me clean up and then I walked her to her campsite. I met her parents and Kathy informed them that I lived out there way. So I wound up talking to them as Kathy went and threw her swimsuite in the washer.

We stayed long enough so that her swimsuite was washed and dried. Kathy even put it back on while we were there. Then we left and walked back to my campsite to see if her brother was back with my tenspeed. He wasn;t so we sat at the atble played cards for awhile. Instead of drinking soda while we played cards we drank beer instead. We played and drank beer long enough John did show up from his ride on my tenspeed.

John pulled in on my bike got off but told us he would seee us later. He was going up to the swimmingpool. He thanked me for the use of my bike and he hurried off. We played sme more cards and I had now drinking a couple of cans of beer had to piss again. So I kidded Kathy if she would excuse me. I have to see a man about a horse! Kathy laughed hard. I know what that means Victor! she said back to me.

Then Kathy told me she had to piss also. I was sort of surprised she had told me as I got up she got up with me. I stood there looking at her for a short momnet. Then Kathy gioggled saying she will come with me and take a piss with me. Giggling even harder she went on to say that she would reall y piss this time not wet heslf like I had done earlier. After all I did see you piss! You didn't see me!

I laughed hard now as I stood there at the table. I told her ok and held out my hand. Kathy ran around the table and took my hand in hers. We ran over to the side of the tent where I had taken my earlier piss. I was erect now too. I pulled my zipper down and fished out my erect penis. Kathy was watching for she already ahd squated down and slid the crotch of her swimsuite off to the side revealing her pussy!

Seeing my erect penis Kathy went and said a loud excited sounding WOW! Then as I was looking over and down at her sweet looking vagina which was surrounded by a good patch of black pubic hair Kathy started to piss hard! She ook a quick look at me then down at her piss stream then right back at me. Giggling she asked me if I liked what I saw now. Seeing the real thing is sooo much better! I said back to her. Kathy laughed.

I started to piss then sending out a thin hard stream of piss shooting right over te bushes in front of me and came down in some other bushes several feet in front of me. Kathy giggled seeing my streamdo what it had done. I wasn't paying any attention to my stream. I was fixated on watching her piss! I could have pissing on myself as far as I knew and I wouldn't have cared!

Now Kathy was pissinhg a real hard gusher of a stream out from her vagina. There were droplets spraying off from it and she had wetted the sand slightly in front of her not under her. The wet sandy spot grew very fast and soon the sand could no longer soak up her piss so a very small muddy brown piss puddle formed in the sand. Now her piss splashed in the small puddle.

I now did make a quick check to see where my stream was going so I took a quick look away from Kathy. My stream like I had said had come down in some bushes several feet away from me and my piss was splashing all over the bushes leaves and dripping off many of them that it had hit. Then I looked back at Kathy. For what me take a look over at her so quick was now her stream was hissing!

It had thinned down and that was now why it hissed. Kathy now like I had just done was loking down checking on her own stream. Without looking up she told me she was nearly done. She was right for her her stream died right out with its hissing stopping. She dribbled for a few quick seconds and then came to a dripping stop. Kathy stood right up slipping the crotch of her bathing suite back over her vagina.

She then giggled and shook the hand that she used to slide her bathingsuite back. It got a little wet with my own piss! she said to me. I smiled. Kathy then stood watched me piss still pissing on the bushes. My stream eased off making me piss on the closer bushes in front of me and then a ittel dark brown piss trail in the sand. I then stopped. I then started to slip my erect penis back inside my shorts but Kathy spoke out to me. Victor arn't you going to shake it first before you put it back! I laughd and so I gave my penis two shakes and then I slid it back into my shorts. Kathy laughed and told me that was better. I laughed too.

