Average life turned...wet! part 8

11th July 2014, 02:03 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 8

Kim and Sabrina jumped in the pool to clean up and went in to dress and discuss dinner.

«How about going out this time», Kim asked «my treat!, I need to clear my mind and be away from the house for a few hours, I know a nice place not far from here with lovely healthy foods and some privacy if we want to talk and I love the drinks there!»

«Ok», Sabrina agreed, «but next time I am coming around I will take you out for a meal, it will be my treat then Kim.» The girls locked the house, got into the car and left. While driving Kim put the phone on the car kit and spoke to the phone asking the number for the restaurant after it automatically dialed the number a guy answered, «Hi Gary, it's Kim, no Rob isn't here but I am on my way with a friend, you got a table with a bit of privacy for us please, yes? Ok Start making a nice freshly made drink or smoothy but spike it a bit will you, we'll be there in about 15 or 20 minutes, see ya.»

«Lovely place Sabrina, you will like it, food is excellent there a mix of Indian and Mexican and Oriental, all homemade foods, factory prepared food is not allowed past the door frame! They even got their own vegetable garden in the back and a greenhouse. They invent their own drinks and make up recipe's. No our secret ingredient is not in it, I would notice that right away, I became an expert on that hi hi!»

Place looked busy, parking area was quit filled up they found a spot. Good that Kim made the call otherwise they might had to find another place and good restaurants, at least according to Kim's demands, are hard to find these days.

Gary the maitre d' welcomed them and showed them their seats. Nice private but spacious booth with a great view of the rock garden and the vegetable garden behind that. There was a small fountain in the garden that pumped the water and made an arc before it came down on the rocks below. «I see Kim, even in a restaurant you are thinking and viewing some kind of natural fountain, LOL», Sabrina said.

They ordered drinks, large glasses with green colored vegetable juice, over ice and a touch of lime and a shot of tequila in it. It was served on the table with a small dish of homemade Tabasco and tomato juice «just add a bit to spice up the drink» they had said. Sabrina made a toast and started the conversation. «Tell me Kim, great day we had today and it became very exciting, I never knew I could get into something like this so quick but I love it! How did you get into it?»

«Well...» Kim began and already the tequila started to kick in «The divorce was not really your dad's fault, at least I don't blame him anymore. I was kind of an icebox I must say, not very talkative about my sexual desires and therefore I felt like I was there for him but I felt a bit used because he did not satisfy me, but he couldn't could he if I did not communicated about my desires. Yes I was surprised that after we were married you showed up and found out he had a child when he was still in junior.

Sure, America's problem, unwanted pregnancies are about the highest rate in a modern country here so I should have realized that it might meet some of the 'players'. You were already 18 when you came to visit with your mom weren't you? So we are only about 15 or 16 years apart something like that.» Kim took a sip and ordered some appetizers, some Indian light snacks and at the same time decided the main course and gave their order to the waiter. After the waiter left, Kim continued. « I was working in a clinic, quit a good one I may say, and they had send patients to me that others didn't have a clue were to begin with them. No heavy cases but people with concentration problems, sexual problems, confidence problems, mentally allergic to some habits, compulsory disorders and the likes, but no criminals or anything like that. I booked result and quickly too I may say. Made a decent salary and I was well appreciated so everything was 'hunky dory' so it seemed.

Until I got a patient, or actually several patients in a matter of a few months, with similar problems. They felt ashamed and not normal because they had a desire for pee play, especially with their partner but were scared out of their wits' to bring it up. They were scared that their partner would be disgusted with them and they would be the talk of the town and be ran out of town on a donkey cover with tar and feathers.

Some patients were men and, of course, but surprisingly I had also several women! After the first patient came out and told me I was shocked, I almost fell out of chair! No not from disgust but something had hit home it seemed, I never had realized it clearly but that was my desire as well! Never thought it to be a problem really but I simply ignored it. But jeez, felt like the 'deaf helping the blind' therapist has to advice people who actually have the same 'disorder' as the patient. Weird!» The food started coming and they arranged the table so everything would fit. The dishes were small but plenty full.

«So, Kim went on,» I Listened and listened and started reading up on it. I contacted other therapists and sexual specialists, checked the internet and started to look for stories and came across a website with like minded people and start watching video clips. Hi hi, how about that, watching porn on my laptop in my office and get paid to do it just to know more about it. I started to feel more comfortable about it and made a plan to tell your father about it, went to great length to do it, confided in another therapist and wanted to ask you father to visit this therapist because of our upcoming marriage problems. He would then try to work on your dad to convince him in 'new sexual techniques that he was supposed to try on me.

I found out that I never ever had a proper orgasm and now I can have one whenever I want and even quickly if needed. « Sabrina interrupted, «How, my orgasm are not super either, tell me what you found out about it, please!»

«When I felt an orgasm coming up I did not feel which way it would go, sometimes it felt like I had to pee and stopped the love making to go to the bathroom to relief myself and by the time I came back to bed, Your dad gave up and was sound asleep, did not want to take the risk of disgusting him or wetting the bed.

Now, I make sure I have some fluid in me, bladder half full maybe, enough to have some but not enough to have an urge. When an orgasm is building up and I get a sign suggesting that I may have to pee I feel great and just tell my body, 'Sure! Go ahead, let it flow!' Most of the time it is just a few squirts but together with the wild orgasm, incredible experience, each and each time flabbergasting, never a dull moment. Also I found out that pee is not dirty at all and is even used as treatment for several illnesses and has been around for ages like in India and those regions. So what is there to lose! It feels great, I became accustomed to the taste and love it now it might prevent or cure some illnesses or skin disorders, you just can't lose!»

Sabrina was listening with open mouth and did not notice some of drink she spilled, dribbling from her mouth. She also did not notice that the waiter came up to the table to see if all was to their satisfaction.

«My O My Kim, you helped me a lot, I wish I could order a fresh made glass of pee right here being served on this table!» The waiter had overheard and became red as a red beets served in some of their drinks!»

«eh, huh, mm , is everything to your wishes», giggling as he realized the wish he overheard was not on the menu. Since the girls were sitting on low seats, more like pillows with a back rest, the table was low also, maybe 10 to 15 inches of the ground so they had full view of all that was going on and about to happen.

The waiter started to grow quick growing carrot in his pants, to stay in terms of the restaurant, and this one did not come from the garden. A small wet spot from pre-cum was already making things visible. The girls giggled, «So you seem happy to serve us, yes another drink, no alcohol this time, seemed we had our share already and still got to drive, who knows we might thing of an extra ingredient ourselves, ha ha, got any suggestions maybe?»

The waiter could barely speak, it was a handsome guy late 20's maybe and not been around much because it looked like he came already in his pants. Sabrina stood up and excused herself to go to the bathroom and accidentally brushed her arm against the waiters boner. « Ah, sorry, my mistake, didn't hurt you I hope». Sabrina swiped her finger over her arm were some of the wetness left a spot that came of the waiters pants, she tasted it and smiled,» not bad man, ha ha, you got good genes, I got to go and visit the girls room, just walk close behind me so no one can see your wetspot and clean up if you like in the boy's.» Sabrina left and the waiter was close behind, walking in 'harmony'.

Kim had a hot moment herself, she covered her crotch area with another Indian pillow and shoved her hand in her panties sliding her finger inside her. Her pussy was wet, slippery wet with her juices and as a bonus she gave a squirt of pee against her hand. Carefully she took her hand out and lifted it to her mouth and started licking her hand and finger and looking as if she spilled a drink over her hand. She gave a big sigh and thought by herself that it will be a wet, wet few days. Maybe even bringing Rob into this somehow, that would be fun!

Sabrina came out of the girls room and walked back to their seat, producing a big smile. «Got his number Kim, maybe I will follow up on this next time I visit, kind of like this guy and also the fact that he got a hardon overhearing us talking about our pee games. Look what I have, they have dispenser with glass cups in the bathroom, I filled mine up, want to spice up our drinks, like it?» New drinks were served but by another waiter this time, it seems their waiter was still 'missing' in the boys room. Sabrina took the paper towel away from the glass she had 'produced' in the girls room and divided it in both hers and Kim's glass.

«Cheers Kim!, you are up next, cheers to my new found fetish! Love it and I am already 'a believer' ha ha!»

«He Sabrina, got an idea, how about you call your work and asked that something has come up and stay an extra day or two? Rob will be coming home and I would like for you to meet him, if you are up to it I might be ready for a next step and would like to have a trio or so with you and Rob. Don't know how to tell Rob yet or ask him but if I contact my friends at this website I frequently visit, somehow things always seems to go by itself, ha ha, if I did not know any better I would suspect that Rob might be reading over my shoulder but he cannot possibly know I use this website, my little secret!» Sabrina raised both her arms in joy,» are you sure Kim? I would love to, let's make a plan to surprise him when he comes home, man I can't wait!»

In the meantime Kim's had 'traveled' down in her panties again and Kim hadn't noticed until Kim's hand came out, shining with juices. «Sabrina, would you like to taste the wine dear, I seem to have spilled some, and saying that I really spilled some, could not stop squirting while I made you a 'sample'. Things are a bit wet here on the pillow.» Sabrina stuck her tongue out and licked Kim's hand. «Absolutely love it Kim, don't worry, I see our waiter has finally found the exit of the bathroom, we can let him know about your accident, I have a feeling he doesn't mind and might even take the cushion as a souvenir home and put his nose into it!»

They finished their drinks, asked the bill and paid it to the waiter who had been serving them for most of the evening and had his little accident at their table. They gave him a nice tip and told him that there is a little extra and that Kim had an squirt in her pants and now the pillow is a bit wet, could he take care of it and have it cleaned maybe. The guy went beet red again picked up the cushion after the girls stood up and walked off, simple as that. «Thanks Kim for dinner, great place and lovely foods! Let's go, I feel an urge coming up. Let's talk some more home about our plan to seduce your husband!

Kim started the car, and Sabrina got in and they left the parking lot.

Once they got home they practiced several positions by the pool and managed to fill each others mouth and spitting it out on each other. They came up with a sneaky little plan to surprise Rob.

To be continued in part 9.

