Club Adventures

31st May 2013, 06:42 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

The music pounded and the lights flashed as the girls made their way across the dance floor to the bar. It was Saturday night, and Grace and Julie were out at one of their favourite bars. They had spent the evening downing beers, enjoying the music, and of course dancing. Needing a break the floor, they ordered two more pints and found a table to sit and chat.

"so much fun tonight" Grace yelled over the music, with a smile

"I'll say!!" Julie yelled back, as she gulped down half her beer, "who was that cute guy you were dancing with Grace?"

Grace smiled, "oh just some guy"

Julie laughed, "didn't look like it from where I was standing, unless you always shag "just some guys" she said with a laugh

Grace blushed, "you're one to talk" she shot back, you could have gone home with anyone of those TWO guys you were dancing with"

Julie smiled, "not likely, terrible kissers, both of them"

Grace laughed, "your standards are too high jules, you'll never meet a guy!"

Julie smiled again, "if a man doesn't make you sweat, and take care of you, whats the point of having him around!"

"To open jars and fix your car!" Grace said. Both girls laughed heartedly as they sipped their beers, which were soon gone

"God, I really have to pee" Julie said, as she crossed her legs under the table.

"Me too now that you mention it" said Grace, I haven't gone since we left your house.

"thats impressive for such a small girl!!" Julie teased

Grace made a face at her. "common, lets find the bathrooms."

The girls made their way gingerly across the floor to the restrooms. They joined the line of girls queing up, at least 12 girls long.

"shit, there is always a queue when you really need to go" Grace said, crossing her legs and placing her hand on her abdomin.

"I know" said Julie "they should build the restrooms bigger"

The girls continued to talk for about another 15 minutes. In that time the line moved slowly 4 girls exiting the restroom. The girls grew silent, as the drinks began to weigh on their bladders. Julie now had her hand low on her stomach. Grace was fidgiting, a sure sign she needed to go...bad.

"God I feel like im going to explode" Grace said after 5 more minutes. They were now almost inside the bathroom. "Beer goes right through me"

"Me too" Julie said with a pained expression on her face, her hand now holding her crotch. "I feel like its right at the edge of my pee hole, ready to burst out"

"ummm don't, you make it worse" Grace moaned, her hand going to her crotch as her bladder spasmed. "God im so closed to darting into the men's room"

"eww don't Gracie, their stalls are always so gross" Julie said with laugh, followed by a pained expression as her bladder annouced its continuing presence.

"I'd just use the urinals then" Grace said, now hopping from foot to foot.

"you so full of talk Gracie" Julie chuckled, "in front of all those men??"

"Well, I did it two weeks ago" Grace said raising an eyebrow, "I was drunk and about to piss myself, the line for the ladies must have been thirty people long, so I ducked into the mens. The stall was in use, so I just slide up next to the boys and let it fly"

"No Way" Julie gapped, " I never would have thought you Gracie would do that, you've always been so shy!"

"Well standing to pee has brought a new sense of adventure into my life, besides, desperation brings out the worst in me, you know that" she said with a wink

Julie was still in shock, " but, the boys, they saw you?"

Grace grinned " they were quite gentlemenly i must say, rather more then me i'll add. I must admitt I snuck a peek, quite a feeling to look at all those pissing cocks pouring out streams into the urinals, then to look down at my little pussy doing the same"

"God, stop Gracie you'll make me lose it and I'm so close" Julie gasped, now bent over to take some of the weight off her aching bladder.

The girls were now inside the small bathroom, only three stalls. They now had 3 girls in front of them. The girls were now in torment at hearing the hissing streams and moans of relief from desperate girls as they emptied their bladders into the toliets.

"mmmhmm" Grace moaned, now bent over, her legs tightly crossed and her hands jammed in her crotch to keep herself shut. "It's gonna be close Jules"

Julie was hopping up and down, and jogging on the spot, two desperate for words. All she could think of was getting to a toliet and releasing all the pent up beer inside her. The girls were now next in line. "God what is taking so long" Julie yelled, " There are desperate people out here!!"

A stall freed up, both girls rushed in, slamming the door shut. Julie immediatly had her skirt up and tights down. Instantly, a hot jet of pee burst from her pussy, splattering on the floor. "oops" she said blushing, "told you it'd be close" as she sat on the toliet, her stream blasting forcefully into the water. "AHHHH" she moaned, "this feels so amazing" as her powerful stream continued to blast into to the toliet, hot pee splashing on to her thighs and ass.

Grace mean while was bent over infront of her, hands jammed in her crotch. On hearing Julie pee, she had almost lost control, but had managed to hang on. Pulling up her skirt and pulling down her panties, she yelled, " I can't wait Jules, Make room"

Julie spread her legs, revealing her clear hot still powerful stream spraying into the toliet. Grace spread her pussy lips, and took aim. Instantly a powerful clear arch of hot piss jet out of her and splashed into the toliet between Julie's legs. The immense look of relief on Grace's face said it all.

Julie watched in amazment as her friend stood infront of her, a powerful of piss flowing from her pussy and combining with her still gushing stream splashing in the toliet below. "wow Grace, your aim is amazing"

Grace smiled, her head thrown back in relief as urine continued to pour out of her. "practice makes perfect she laughed"

Julies powerful stream finally began to trickle off. She stood up over the toliet, giving Grace who was still blasting a powerful stream more room to aim. Her stream continued another thirty seconds, before dying off.

A bang came at the door, "What the hell are you doing in there, hurry up, I'm about to burst!!" The girls smiled at each other, before quickly wiping and adjusting their clothes. Opening the door, they were met by a brunette in a short skirt, her legs tightly crossed.

"What the hell have you too been drinking" she gapped, "it sounded like a firehose in a swimming pool in there.

The girls both looked at each other, and burst out laughing, before relinquishing the stall and heading back out to the dance floor.

