Home room teacher

14th March 2006, 04:41 AM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

I thought she should be one of Charlies Angles. I always daydreamed about my highschool freshman home room teacher. She was in her mid 20's, tanned and had long black hair. Home room only lasted 15 or 20 minutes and her only job was to take role. After that we were susposed to use the time to study. She always wore the short sexy skirts that were in style in the mid 70's. Her desk was on a kind of stage in the room that we were in so it was easy to see up her skirt.

Looking back on it, I now believe she got off on giving us boys a quick peek now and then. I have always had a thing for panties so I was always keeping an eye on her hoping for the next peek at the white panties she always wore. One day I noticed she seemed more restless than usual. She had stood up and I watched as she moved over behind a portable blackboard thing that was at one side of the stage. It was a large board on rollers so it could be moved where it was needed in the class.

It was just my luck that the board was all the way over on the other side of the stage from where I was setting so I didn't have a very good view of just what she was doing. She seemed very busy for a minute then stood perfictly still for several seconds just kind of looking off into space. Suddenly she moved and looked around as if to see if any of us were watching. She did something else behind the board and looked down at herself before walking back and setting in her chair. 

I noticed she was more careful than usual not to set on her skirt. That's when it hit me. She had wet herself. I tried hard to get a look up her skirt but was unable to before the bell rang. As I was leaving I past the stage where the board was and sure enough there was a large puddle on the floor spreading under the board. I would have giving anything to see her wet panties. My attention level was not what it should have been for the rest of the day. I just couldn't get my mind off what I saw. I still think about it often and wish there was more to the story, but the truth is the rest of the story is only in my fantasies.

