Sarah - the Finale

15th July 2007, 02:03 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

Well, this has been a long time coming - my apologies to those who may have enjoyed earlier posts and have been waiting patiently for another!

Just to re-set the scene, in 1981 I was recently graduated and a salaried by a large company - the money didn't seem to go far enough, now that I was paying rent on my own flat and keeping my car going, too.

I had met Sarah during the last month of my time at Uni - she lived about a couple of hundred miles in the opposite direction but when I got my first job this was not too far from her home town. By the later part of '81, I had been going out with her for more than a year: the previous post relates my second wet experience with her, returning from the pub one weekend, while this one relates to the following morning.

Sarah? 5' 4", attractive, brown shoulder length hair, kind of voluptuous figure with big boobs (large areolae, small nipples) and hips...neat brown pussy hair and very prominent inner labia! if you need more details then you'll just have to look back at the previous two posts to fill in!

As always - it was a long time ago, whilst my memory of the sequence of events is very clear, the exact words have to be approximate.

My flat was rather old and although it was quite nicely decorated and reasonably furnished, the beauty (if it could be called that) was only skin deep. Whilst it had gas central heating, the roof insulation was really poor and the flat could get very cold unless the heating was always at full blast, which of course I simply couldn't afford.

After the previous evening's exciting instalment (!) we had drifted off to sleep - dressed in nightwear because it was getting cold in the flat. No fancy babydoll nightie for Sarah - to keep warm she had a pair of her Dad's old flannelette pyjamas - fashionable they were not! She had stitched up the fly and substituted elastic for the cord at the waist...

When I woke, it was light - I quickly became aware that Sarah was fidgeting next to me. As I rolled over, she whispered "good morning!" and gave me a kiss: this was promising. I soon realised that she had a hand under the elasticated waist of her pyjamas and was touching her vulva. Sort of very gentle masturbation.

Me: "That was amazing last night...very naughty but very nice!"

Sarah: "Yes, you're absolutely wicked, leading me astray like that!"

Me: "It's not as if you need much encouragement...look at where your hand is just now!"

Sarah (smiling): "I've been awake for a while, I'm dying to go to the loo but didn't want to wake you...when I started thinking about last night I got all wet...so I thought I would just touch myself a bit and enjoy it."

My prick was already solid: knowing that she had a full bladder simply upped the ante, so to speak. My hands slipped inside her pyjama top, finding her small nipples erect and firm to the touch. One hand then crept down over her smooth tummy and over her pyjama bottoms - the angle was much too awkward to get my hand under the waistband. Sarah withdrew her hand: I grasped the loose material and pulled upwards to create pressure on her vulva. I could feel her warmth and the thick material was damp with her lubrication.

Sarah: "ohh...this is so naughty, I'm nearly wetting the bed but it's so nice being touched down there..."

Me: "I'm going to touch you and make you come again..."

Sarah: "I must go to the loo, I'm absolutely bursting - I'm sure I'll wet the bed if I hold on much longer...but oh, God! I want to come, too!"

Me: "I'm going to get a couple of towels, don't worry..."

I rolled out of bed: the first job was to fire up the heating which took all of a few seconds. Fortunately I had a good supply of towels (most of them decidedly secondhand, so ideal for what I had in mind) - and also a plastic undersheet which I had found in the loft back home, which judging by the size of it, had originally served on my cot over twenty years earlier!

Sarah's hand was back at her pussy as I peeled the bedclothes down: I laid out the plastic sheet and carefully arranged a couple of bath towels over it. She laughed and said "You really weren't joking when you said you had been in the Scouts...always prepared!"

Sarah alternately lifted her feet then her bottom and I slid the protection under her: I then gently slid her pyjama trousers down her thighs and slipped them off. Sitting down next to her, my fingers traced a path over her tummy and then downwards to slip between her legs, which were pressed together.

Her vulva was extremely slippery with lubrication and she gasped as I parted her thighs - holding her labia apart, I gently licked her clit and probed with my tongue.

Sarah: "Ohhh...that's amazing, I'm desperate to go to the loo, I can't believe I'm doing this, I want to come, don't stop... sorry...sorry...oh...I'm going to wet the bed...sorry!"

I knew her urine would be strong-tasting but I was so excited I didn't care - as I licked her again the sensation was different - a few droplets had escaped and the salty taste of her pee was distinct. I drew away slightly and pressed my middle finger into her vagina and was rewarded with a sudden hot splash of urine over my fingers, making many wet spots on the towel.

Me: "Just let it happen...just let go..." Sarah just groaned - "Mmmmm...ohh...can't...got to come..." I noticed the flush spreading over her chest and face as her orgasm approached.

Leaning forward, I pressed my fingers into her labia as I had seen her do earlier and began to rub gently, whilst with the fingers of my other hand gently probed her little rosebud below. That was enough - Sarah convulsed and I could see her vulva throbbing as the orgasm hit her - the sexual flush was incredibly intense.

After a few seconds and after-tremors (you know what I mean!) Sarah relaxed and I felt a dribble of urine escape and then with a hiss another gush cascaded out of her. More noisy gushes followed and I then parted her labia - perhaps I shouldn't have been surprised when a fountain of hot pee immediately spurted into the air to splash down noisily on the towels, some of it actually finding its way over the end of the bed onto the floor.

This was not what I had in mind and throwing caution to the winds I climbed on top of her - she was very tight but after the initial friction (the pee had washed away some of her natural lubrication) I slipped inside her and she gasped...

"oh...that was fantastic...so naughty...I'm still bursting to go...but I can't with you inside me..."

I began to thrust - as gently as I could manage considering I was virtually overwhelmed with lust and in seconds began to come myself. I kind of collapsed on top of her and as I softened, I felt her muscles tense, pushing my prick out and bathing my groin with hot pee. Sarah let a few short spurts go and then managed quite a long one but at this point got cold feet, so to speak:

"I think I'd better stop, or I'll flood everything - there's a huge puddle under my bum!" And there was!

Leaning over, I managed to grab another towel so we could dry ourselves a bit - Sarah became a bit flustered and embarrassed at this point and hopped out of bed and dashed to the bathroom. Perhaps this wasn't surprising - after all, we were exploring her inhibitions in the greatest possible depth. I simply gathered up the evidence and followed her, stopping only to shove the towels and sheet into the washing machine in the tiny utility area outside the bathroom.

In the bathroom, Sarah was sitting on the loo - she looked up at me and to my relief, she grinned. I turned on the bath taps and then knelt down, put my arms around her and gave her a cuddle. We began to kiss and a few seconds later I heard the rest of her pee start to splash into the pan, Sarah remarking on how strong it smelt.

After she had finished, Sarah parted her legs, looked at me coyly and said

"You can dry me if you like..." I needed no second bidding and took a pad of tissue and blotted her dry...well, dry-ish, as my come was leaking out of her.

Sarah stepped into the bath whilst I went to make a cup of tea - it was good to get into the bath with her. We talked for quite a while, running hot water in again as the bath cooled. It seemed our relationship was going to be long lasting, in fact we even started talking of engagement and marriage...

It was not to be. Having fixed the car, it was my turn to go to her place again a couple of weeks later - she had been to a party with some of her Uni mates in the intervening period. And without any more ado, she blew me out - she had found someone else and so I was back to square one.

And that was that - living miles from home and friends and no girlfriend. And of the few potentially eligible girls at work, one was already married (so not eligible at all, in fact) and the other...no, let's not go there. Nearly two years passed between the end of the relationship with Sarah and the start of my relationship with my ex. There will, therefore be more posts...eventually.

Next time...it will be 1983. It seems like last year, not 24 years ago!

