An office pee fantasy

25th June 2008, 09:41 PM

Author: peelvr65

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 39

Apologies for length...

Every year around this time, I find myself in Rio de Janeiro for a number of weeks. Kind of a working vacation. My company has an office here so I show up here, dutifully, every morning and "work". Truthfully, not much work gets done. I'm usually placed in a rather isolated part of the office and no one bothers me, two facts which contribute to my spending more time watching porn than working. This year was no exception.

From my perch, I can see everyone in this part of the office. The walls of the cubicles barely cover people's faces when they're not nose to the grindstone (some people actually DO work here!). Most of the time, I'm a lone wolf in a four-cube configuration: two cubes on either side facing each other.

This year, it seems, I'm not the only guest worker. After the first two days of being quite alone here, about an hour after I got settled in for the day, I see a woman approaching my area. She's carrying a laptop case and is dressed for business in a tightish beige skirt, white blouse, and blazer to match the skirt. Perhaps she is in sales and is here to do paperwork or some such.

She walks right to desk in front of me, putting her laptop case upon it. I nod and smile, saying "Bom dia" in the customary Brazilian greeting. She smiles and nods back, returning my salutation. She is in her late forties, I estimate, with reddish brown hair, and Rubenesque. When she removes her blazer, her ample tits strain both her skimpy bra and the buttons of her blouse. I get just a quick glimpse between buttons at the lacy fabric underneath. Her extra weight looks good pressing against her small, bikini-style panties, that make their presence known in tight relief against her skirt.

She introduces herself as Theresa and holds out her hand. I stand, extending my own hand, grasping hers. It's cool and soft but her grip is femininely firm. We make small talk, smile, and sit back down.

I return to my own computer, losing myself in porn for the day. The cubes are situated such that her face is about eight feet away from mine. And my hand is under the desk, squeezing my cock as I surf the net for pee. If only Theresa knew.

I'm lost in a reverie when I notice that she's looking at me, trying to get my attention. I'm wearing headphones so the hissing, splashing, and moaning of peeing women stays in my head. I remove the phones. She asks me if I'd gone to the beach over the weekend. I reply in my broken Portuguese, that I hadn't and why was she asking. She replies that my face is red. Guess I've been a little too absorbed in the porn. I say that I'm hot, unaccustomed still to the tropical climate. Even though it's the dead of winter here, it's still plenty warm. And I wonder if she believes me, although she gives nothing away.

The day passes slowly and people file out of the office. It's dark outside when Theresa gets up and collects her things. I look up from my work, smile and say good night. She grasps her laptop and tosses her blazer over her arm. I watch her walk away, admiring her ass. It shakes a bit as she walks away, and for a moment, her skirt is gone and I see just her panty - clad ass. She turns into the niche where the bathrooms are located. Quickly, I decide to go into the men's. It'd been awhile since I peed, myself, and I realized I was sorely in need. The bathrooms here are next to each other on a corner. They are small, one-room afairs with thin doors that transmit sound well.

When I turn into the niche, I see the door to the women's is closed and a light showing from beneath. I enter the men's and close the door. I stand next to the door, straining to hear the sounds of Theresa peeing. There's only silence. I hear the door open and her soft footfalls as she walks away. I think it strange that I heard at least no toilet flush and figure that she went in there to check makeup, clothing, and hair before leaving the building.

Oh, well, I figure and unzip my fly to remove my cock to pee. I'm suddenly struck with the thought that I forgot to lock my laptop, something I usually do to keep folks from knowing my true purpose, and my hand freezes in my pants. I'm just about to zip back up and lock my computer but I figure, eh, what the fuck. She's gone for the night and I'm the last one in the office.

I pull my cock free of my pants and stand in front of the bowl to pee when soft comes a knock at the door. What the fuck? thinks I. I stammer out a mangled "someone's in here" in Portuguese. Perhaps it's the cleaning crew. I hear my name breathed softly and I freeze. It's Theresa. I get to feeling suddenly claustrophobic in the enclosed space. If I wanted to pee at that moment, I couldn't. I put my penis away in its warm, slightly-damp-from-cum-dribbles home and zip up.

I check my own self in the mirror and notice how flushed I am. Fuck. Another knock and my name again. A bit louder this time. I turn, unlock the door, and open it. Theresa is standing there. Her face is flushed, too. And she's not smiling. I've had it. She's taken a peek at my machine and my secret is no longer my own.

A look of bewilderment crosses my face as she says something that I don't understand. She reaches out and takes my hand. Well, whatever it is, it can't be that bad for her to do that. She leads me back to my desk and I feel my body temperature rise with each step. Suddenly the urge to pee becomes nearly unbearable.

We turn the corner to find a picture of a woman squatting, skirt hiked up, pantiless, with a fierce stream of pee coming from her shaved pussy. It becomes really hard to breathe at that moment and I feel my sphincter muscles let go and a warm sensation spreads through the front of my jeans. My knees weaken but somehow I maintain my standing position. I can only stare, mortified into her face.

Theresa reaches out with her free hand and cups my peeing cock in her hand through my rapidly soaking jeans. A husky moan escapes her throat and in a breathy, heavily accented English she tells me to stop my stream and squeezes my cock in an effort to help stem the flow. She also says that she didn't buy my earlier excuse about being hot, either.

Somehow, I manage to stop peeing. She unbuttons and unzips my jeans quickly, letting go of my hand to reach inside my soaked underwear and trade hands. When she lets go with her outer hand, a bit of pee spurts from my cock onto her hand. She moans and grasps my naked penis, pushing my clothes down my legs with the other. In a state of profound shock, I do nothing but stand there like a deer caught in the headlights.

I regain some sense and reach out to feel her breasts through her blouse. She squats down in front of me, taking the soft prize from my hand. She puts my flaccid, damp penis in her mouth, cleaning it with her tongue before taking it out with a soft pop. She utters a phrase in Portuguese. "I'm thirsty." She looks up at me and opens her mouth, aiming my peehole onto her tongue. I'm flabbergasted but my cock begins to suddenly harden in her hand. She gives it a gentle stroke and kisses the head. I'm rock hard and am now finding it quite difficult to pee. I try to relax and begin to stroke her hair.

She continues to gaze up at me with half-lidded eyes and open mouth. I'm anxious about her getting tired and bored waiting for me to pee and that makes it harder. She reads my eyes and gobbles my stiff cock, sucking it deep. If only I could tell her that that's not helping a bit. Up and down a couple of times and then she stands. Her hand continues to gently stroke my cock. A knowing smile plays on her lips.

Theresa lets go of me and unbuttons her blouse. My eyes follow her hands down her front as she pulls her blouse from her skirt to get to the last button. She peels the garment from her bronzed torso and lets it fall to the floor. She reaches behind her to undo her bra but I suddenly reach out and put my hands on her waist, pulling her to me. Surprised, she puts her hands on my chest. I reach behind her and undo her lingerie, freeing her natural breasts. They fall heavily without the support of the bra and I fondle them. Her areolae are a dark rose color and her long nipples are stiff.

Firmly, Theresa pushes herself away from me. She starts to draw her skirt upwards and my heart beats a tripphammer rhythm in my chest. Slowly the skirt rises to the top of her thighs and I can just see the crotch of her panties. They are a deep blue silk. She draws the hem up and over the waistband of her panties. Theresa is hairy, further increasing my heartrate, and two darkish lines of pubic hair frame either side of the inverted triangle at the front her panties. She pushes them down, freeing her bush from its confines.

In her accented English, Theresa tells me that she has no problem peeing while excited. She runs her right hand through her thick pubic hair a couple of times, combing it, fluffing it, before placing a finger between her as yet hidden labia and giving herself a slow rub. She asks whether I noticed her going to the bathroom, today. I confessed that I didn't notice. I haven't, she retorts. I like to hold it so that when I do pee, it comes hard, fast and for a long time. The relief turns me on.

I drop to my knees front of her and bring my face close to her pussy. It smells musky and aroused. She withdraws her finger from her slit and caresses my lips with it. I part my lips and let her push her finger into my mouth. I caress it with my tongue, tasting her sex. She tells me to lie back on the floor and I comply. She straddle-walks up my body until she is standing over my erect penis. She bends at the waist and takes my shaft in one hand, cupping my balls with the other. Both work a gentle, if brief, magic. She straightens and continues her journey. When her feet are on either side of my head, she does an about face and squats down over my face.

Theresa lowers her pussy to my mouth and I suck hungrily at her hanging, now protruding labia. I push her ass gently upward, however, wanting to get a good gander at her sex. She acquiesces, albeit with a moan of minor disappointment. She looks down at me between her thighs. I want to see, I say in my Portuguese. Again she grins and reaches a hand down to improve the view.

With two fingers, she spreads her pussy lips. I'm confronted with a beautiful pink paradise hidden among her bushy forest. Her clit is swollen by gravity and arousal and is large, to boot. Theresa dips a finger into her glistening vagina and strokes her clit with wetted thumb and forfinger. I want to suck it and lift my head to do so. She lets herself down a bit so that I can rest my head on the floor while I suck her engorged clit and labia.

Mid lick/suck, a warm, salty liquid slips down my throat and I feel Theresa's pussy muscles flex. I push her ass up away from mouth, knowing what's coming and wanting oh-so-badly to watch her pee.

With her knees spread wide, and fingers holding open her cunt, her flow begins as a slow dribble that catches in her pubic hair and drips to my mouth. Had she been a shaver, her liquid would've blazed a trail along her pussy lips to her asshole and would've ended up on my forehead. Lucky for me, I much prefer it with hair.

In no time, Theresa's stream strengthens. She takes her hand away which allows her labia to close around her shooting pee. It hisses furiously through her hanging lips, and fills my mouth with her foaming, salty nectar. I manage to swallow some before I have to turn away or drown. I see her fingering the top of her clit, pressing it down onto her stream. She groans a husky, deep-throated moan and her pee continues to shoot from her body.

More and more it comes and I'm mightily impressed while trying to drink in as much as I can. Her stream begins to wane and she bends over and takes my cock in her mouth, knees reaching the soaked floor. A respectable stream still pours forth from her pussy as she sucks me deep and strong. My orgasm builds and my body goes rigid with the first spasms of my climax. I grasp Theresa's ass with both hands and pull myself up to her pussy, still dribbling pee. I lap, lick, suck, and drink her sex while my semen pumps into her mouth, spurt after glorious spurt. Her pee and my orgasm subside together, leaving me breathless.

I relax and Theresa stands, leaving me wet and spent on the floor. She tells me in no uncertain terms that she needs my pee, now. The mention of that awakens an ache in my lower belly. I stand and she squats in front of me, as before, my cock in her hand aimed at her mouth. I find that immediately after an orgasm, I cannot usually pee but my need is now great. Nonetheless, urine begins to dribble from my spent cock. Theresa lets her mouth fill and swallows hungrily, as though coming upon water in a desert. She opens wide for more.

The pressure in my bladder is great and my own stream gathers strength quickly. My pee splashes in the back of her throat and she swallows what she can. She points my cock downward at her spread open pussy, landing my stream with full force right on her clitoris. She shudders and moans and starts to rub her cunt with her free hand. The combination of friction and my warm pee brings her to orgasm and she moans loader and deeper in time with her own body's climax.

As my stream wanes, she points my cock back to her mouth to drink the final expulsions. With a satisfied smile, she gives my cock a playful shake and stands. Our lips meet in a deep, salty, sticky kiss. Let's go back to my place to clean up, she says...and start again.

