Leaving After A Night Out In Manhatten

19th June 2010, 01:18 PM

Author: ak1smith10

Location: New York NY (Sex: Male) Posts: 8

Kyia my asian girlfriend and I had been to a work get together party which was her outfit that she worked for not mine. It was a good fun small group get together in a small place in upper Manhatten. Good food, good drinks, and there was also a good band which Kyia and I enjoyed dancing together to.

Now since this get together was uptoiwn we had to go back down to lower Manhatten to get my car. I had drove into the city today instead of the metro. Kyia and I got on the the subway and headed back to lower Manhatten and my car. The subway car we were sitting in wasn't all that crowded so we managed to be seated together.

Kyia had drank quite a bit and I had only had a few drinks for I had to drive. Kyia from her drinking was feeling on the horny side. She had slipped her hand down into my pants and was playing with my stiff cock as we rode along on the subway. I had my hand slipped into the front of her panties and I was rubbing her clit with a finger. Her clit was stiff, moist, and I could feel that she was quite warm on my finger.

By the time we were in lower Manhatten Kyia was far enoughalong that she was gasping, and letting out soft moans as I rubbed her clit. We also were kissing pretty hard too. We were so involved that we almost missed our stop at the subway station we needed to get off at. But we did just make it before the subway car doors closed and the subway was going to leave.

Now in this small station now Kyia and I headed for the stairs to go up to the street. Then once up on the street level we had a several block walk to where the car was. As we walked towards the stairs Kyia giggled and said to me softly; I really desperate to take a piss. I won't make it to the parking garage. We took a quick look around the small station. There were people waiting for the subway on both platforms. So going here was not a option.

We both headde for the stairway. We went of the first stairway. Then there was a small landing and a second stairway that went up to the street. Kyia stopped on the landing. She said to me; This is far as I can go. Kyia stepped over into the corner of the landing raising her dress up as she stepped to the corner.

Kyia then turned and face towards me with her dress raised up well over her hips. Kyia had on a pair of very fancy expesive purple panties. She now was standing there in the corner and she had her hands on them getting ready to pull them down. But before she could pull them down she started to piss!

Since those purple panties were a laced style of panties there was opeening in the lacy material. So when she started pissing before she could pull them down her piss stream mostly managed to shoot out with only barely hitting the material of the panties. But it did some so Kyias piss stream stayed mainly whole but hitting the material also made it spray some too.

So now thatKyia was pissing she just stood there now in the cocrner of the landing pissing hard and making the concrete floor of the landing turning dark and making a piss puddle on it. Kyia gave me a quick glance right after she had started. She said to me; Kyia did not make it. She let out a little girl sounding giggle and glanced down watching her piss making a bigger puddle on the floor of the landing.

Kyia took a good long piss too. By the time she had finished her piss there on the landing she had made a piss puddle that covered half of the landing. Also since the landing was not level due to its heavy usage her piss had travled to the steps and had ran down several steps too. After Kyia had stopped pissing she slipped off those expenisve purple panties walked over to me with them in her hand.

Kyia let out another litle girl sounding giggle. Then as she still giggled she raised her hand that she had the panties in and asked me; Want sniff or taste? She had them right in front of my mouth and nose when she asked me. I took a sniff first which I could smell strongly the oder of her piss. I then took them from her hand and I gave her purple panties several licks with my tounge which sure enough I got a taste of her piss too!

Kyia giggled hard as I had done this. After licking them I aske Kyia did she want them back. Kyia gggled again first. No I don't want back. She grabbed them right out of my hand and tossed them right on the concrete floor of the landing in the middle of her piss puddle. Kyia grabbed my hand and she pulled me to the second set of stairs and we hurried up them and out to the street. The End

