Peeing from a bush hide or hiding in a bush to pee? ~!LOL~! A real encounter~!

22nd April 2011, 05:05 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So I have once again been away in the bush, this time taking project funders to different sites to see what they paid for and let them meet students they sponsored. It was tough but fun and YAY they decided to continue funding so I will get some pay~! Whew!

They were form the US and so stayed in whatever cabins, rooms, or huts there were in each place. But at the one place we stayed, in I was tired of the rooms, all luxurious but far removed from the real bush. The students had built, as part of their infrastructure management module this awesome suspension bridge to a large deck over a river. It was a large deck, with side walls and a wood and thatch ceiling. Below were reeds and some riverine habitat before the river, and across from the fast flowing river was a large sandy area, and the far bank of the river shaded by large trees. It was gorgeous, and despite the heat of the day it was cool up there, catching the breeze that always somehow flows from a river.

The students are on the experiential (practical) part of their training and this camp had also hired a few graduate students from a previous training programme so it was great place to spend a few days. I knew the Owner-Manager, but he had recently hired a Manager to allow him to more time for whatever else he was doing, so I met the new guy. I was impressed at the way he handled my donors, and later when he took us for first a drive and then a walk in the lush bush, I was equally impressed with his knowledge.

As we both speak Afrikaans, although it is my second language only, we found ourselves talking Afrikaans so we could talk about things without raising the concerns of the accompany Americans. I liked having this secret language, and we mixed it further by talking about Yingwes, Ngala's, Ndlopfu's,, Mkhumbi's, and Nyathi's. Which are the Shangaan words for the Big Five. I ensured we were never rude and never excluded my guests for long, or without some good reason, but it was fun none-the-less.

Jules and I hit it off from the start so when he interrupted the dinner we were having the first night there to tell me, in Afrikaans, that his trackers had found a lioness who had been shot by poachers, I left my guests in the care of the excellent camp staff and some other paying guests there, and went with him. The site was found and my heart lurched at the sad sight of the once proud lioness now lying dead in the dust.

The trackers spoke fast, too fast for my Shangaan, but I picked up enough to realise they surmised that the Poachers had surprised the lioness with her cubs, she had attacked, and so they had shot her. Blood, tracks, and trampled grass told the whole story. One of the poachers had been injured - badly, judging by all the spilled blood - and his companion had shot the lioness. There were two cubs with her but it appeared one had been snatched up, probably to be sold to some corrupt game farmer. Sadly most likely to hand reared, made used to man, and then allowed to be hunted for lots of money. Sigh~!

We wondered if they had the second one too, but damn, these trackers were good, many of them ex-poachers themselves. They found tracks even on the grass, and we found the cub hiding in long grass behind an old dead tree. About 7 or 8 weeks old, the feisty little male was no match, and he was exhausted, so we managed to capture him.

As this was private land (the project students were sent to both national AND private parks and land-owners for their practical's) a quick call to the owner confirmed the cub would be reared in their small rehabilitation centre, and kept safe for the rest of his life. It is difficult to rehabilitate lions successfully, but when fully grown this lucky chap would be allowed to mingle with a couple of lionesses and an old male lion who had been in similar situations and hand reared. Hopefully he would bond and they would be his pride on a separate part of the camp, where the others already hunted for themselves. These other lions had even had a few scraps with "true" wild lions and held their own. It was not perfect but near enough.

I was delighted, as were the donors, to get up close and personal with the little cub. He was allocated a carer though, so our interaction had to be kept to a minimum. We did however walk with him over the next two days, in the bush of his little camp.

Exhausted after all the excitement, my guests went to bed. Jules and I sat talking on the deck. He said he was going to sleep there, and I asked if I could join him. Jules said yes and got some sleeping bags and ground mattresses. I got some wine and lots of water.

We chatted as jackals called, and hyenas cackled, and we listened in silence to the distinctive call of a Pearl Spotted Owl in the dark. At some stage we fell asleep, and as it is our autumn, it got cold. I woke as the first streaks of light crossed the skies, embarrassed to find I was cuddling against Jules. He was already awake and just smiled at my embarrassment. I felt grungy having slept in my clothes and I got up and stretched, drinking some water. Jules lit a cigarette. I really really needed to pee, we had had a lot of wine and I had had even more water the night before. I eyed the long suspension bridge and wondered if I could make it across.

Jules watched me, and as I looked up, feeling his gaze, he smiled. I blushed and smiled back. Finished with his cigarette, he got to his feet, took a swig of water from my bottle, and stretched. I tried not to look, but I could not help noticing the rather - um - noticeable bulge in his khaki trousers as he stretched. I look at him from under my eyelashes, and realised he was quite good looking. Strong, with a nice smell of tobacco, the dust of the bush and wild grass; he was very attractive, with his beard stubble and deep green eyes shining from a tanned weather beaten face. It always surprises me how many rangers and men who work in the wild still smoke. I think he noticed me looking as he laughed quietly and I blushed and looked away.

He came and put an arm around my shoulder. One thing I love about the bush, and the men - and women - who work there, is the practical nature we all have to things most people hate to mention. After a few days with the Americans, who insist on calling a toilet a bathroom or restroom (why I have NO idea as I have never bathed in a toilet nor have I gone in one to rest, lol) it was refreshing to be with someone more pragmatic. When you live and sleep and work in the bush, you learn bodily functions are just natural and necessary. Of course, I do like the fact that this allows me to pee without a qualm in the bush, and sometimes sneak peeks at others too, but then you all know I LIKE pee.

So it was not unexpected when Jules looked down at me, and crinkling his eyes a little as he smiled, said: "So, princess, I need to take a leak, and I am NOT gonna cross that swaying suspension bridge to do it, so if its gonna offend you, look away!"

Perhaps it was the challenge in his eyes, or the courage being on here has given me, I do not know. But I met his steady gaze, and smiled back. "Now why would I look away, Jules, dear? Unless of course you are ashamed I might see something I shouldn't? Or perhaps compare your anatomy to that of the Ndlopfu's (elephant's) ?" I giggled as I said this. Jules squinted his eyes, watching me, and I saw a flash of humour in them.

"Oh no, Princess, I am not at all worried..." he drawled out in his hard Afrikaans-accented English. "in fact you can watch if you wish..." he said ever so nonchalantly. My breath stopped in my lungs and my heart hammered and I swear my face flushed with guilt. Of course he had NO idea how much I wanted to. At least I did not think he did? I found my voice, and was relieved it was both steady and held a hint of laid back laughter in it when I spoke.

"Oh why not? I might even help you aim it, am sure I can do it better than you..."~! I swear his eyes gleamed as I said this, but I cannot be sure. He did laugh though, and I walked with him to the far corner of the hide. The walls were only thigh height and he was tall, so he stood next to the edge and unzipped. I watched every moment trying NOT to show how excited I was.

"So, go on, Princess," he said with a snorting laugh. "Go ahead and aim..."~! Now any of you who have read my stuff on here will know THIS is a fantasy of mine, as big as the hardcore pee stuff. My first and longest held fantasy has been to be allowed to HOLD a man while he pees, to play with it a little and aim for him. I have done this only once before, at a wedding (lol, sounds weird, but it's not, and the story is on here Frothy Pink Dresses and Frothy Puddles, it was such a sweet sensual event I had to chronicle it) ~! So his words made me swallow, and my heart beat faster. I looked at him shyly and he took my hand and guided it into his open khaki's.

It must have looked really funny, because when my fingers grazed the warm skin they found I jumped a little, and he let out a small throaty laugh that reminded me of the guttural call of a leopard or Yingwe. I needed it though, as his laughter hardened my resolve and I tutted in annoyance at him, and, emboldened, my hand reached in and drew him out. Now I felt his breathing almost stop and felt a thrill of delight at his reaction. Hah~! See~! He had his weaknesses too.

As he sprung free, in my hands, I was surprised how hard he was. Reading on PS how most men profess to struggle to pee if too hard, now I was a little embarrassed and worried he would be unable to pee. He was quiet as I pressed against him and closed my hand gently over him, his breathing a little ragged. I looked at him, laughter in MY eyes this time. He smiled back, raising his eyebrows, as if in explanation for his hardness. "Hey, Princess, I AM a man..." he said softly. "Do me a favour, flick me please?" he asked earnestly.

"oh, oh, um, heck, no, I can't...can't do that" I stammered, lowering my eyes again and regretfully feeling the blush start.

"Please? " he asked earnestly. "I really need to pee..." So I used my other hand to flick him, feeling so bad about it, but it worked, and he softened slightly. Then I felt the stream start to flow from inside, along his shaft, and I turned my hand as I remembered from my one and only other encounter of a similar nature, so my thumb was over the area where I could control his flow. Damn, it flowed out strong and hard, and when I moved my hand I inadvertently aimed him downwards. "Hey!" he yelled out, "Don't make me pee on my shoes or I will pee on you..." he said in threatening voice. I giggled as I straightened him out.

My giggle made me wobble again and his hand closed over mine, his hand warm and strong, skin tough, his grip firm yet gentle as he helped me aim him. I felt his heart beat, smelled his warm scent, the smell of morning bush air, the smell of his pee which was strong yet pleasant, and I also felt his breath on my neck. It was magical. I heard his splashy pee fall the high distance from the deck, onto reeds and dust far below, some gleaming drops sprayed into the wind, as birds began their wake up calls.

He was pretty desperate I think cos he peed for a long time before it began to wane, and then his hand gripped tighter so he could help me shake him. I laughed and caught his eye, he had strange look in his eyes and I swear he began to harden again, but he quickly moved away and I heard him zipping up. "Oooohhhh that was FUN" I said, feeling and sounding like a little girl, not the tough bush wise trainer I usually am. He roared with laughter and hugged me.

"It was pretty fun for me too," he said somewhat cryptically. "Now, what about you? You gonna walk across the bridge?"

I turned to him in some dismay as my loss of concentration made me realise just how close I was to wetting myself. "Oh I won't make it, " I said a little desperately, and with more than a little embarrassment. "Sorry, " I added softly.

"Hey it's fine," he said reassuringly.

"But but I can't pee from here... I can aim somewhat but I am not sure I will get it over the side..."

"You will, you will," he said determinedly. So I stood, there biting my lip and realising I would have to almost completely take OFF my trousers to do this properly. Damn. This was one of those times I wished I was a real girly girl, in a skirt or dress. He turned away, perhaps sensing my dilemma and I unzipped, and pulled down my trousers, realising they had to be at my ankles anyway, I kicked them away. The morning air was cold on my tanned lightly freckled thighs, and I quickly decided it would also be easier to take off my white cotton panties too, so I did. My khaki shirt was long though, and hung mid thigh, so I felt better.

I moved to the same spot Jules had stood in, and he came up close behind me, his head on my shoulder. Wordlessly he helped me by letting me lean back as I arched my back a little and jutted my pelvis forward. His arms linked through mine, and I shivered as he helped by open my generous outer lips. This allowed me to use my hands to aim properly, and I did so. I pushed hard, aimed it right (possible with two hands, not been able to video it as using my cell as a cam means I can only use one hand and that does not work) and was delighted as a strong stream of glistening clear pee arched out over the side. I tried hard but I could not stop my murmuring sighs (which you know I do when I pee) as the pressure lifted from my bladder. I peed for a bit longer than he did, before it waned, wobbled and trickled a little, splashing my finger and his hand. I was so embarrassed, but he just laughed softly.

Every last drop finished I moved, turning around, dropping my shirt so it was like a short mini. I grabbed his hand and sucked my errant drops off his skin and heard his intake of breath. He reached for my finger and sucked my own drops of it. My heart beat so loud and I looked down, embarrassed. We heard people stirring in camp, and I hurriedly pulled on my trousers and did them up. He coughed, and started to collect the mattress and sleeping bags.

Finished, I grabbed my water bottle and some empty wine bottles. We looked at each other. There was something in his eyes, but I was not sure what, and then we started walking back across the suspension bridge. Halfway the wind shook it and we held on as best we could with our hands full, laughing, and started chatting easily again. By the time we reached the other side the awkwardness, and that other indefinable 'thing' that had been between us, was gone, and we were just two people who liked each other, and shared a mutual passion for the bush, again.

I started the gas stove and boiled water for Amarula coffee as my donors came into the communal kitchen. We chatted, made and ate breakfast, as Jules bid his farewells, saying he would see us in an hour, he had things to do before then. As he walked away the couple I was hosting, my benefactors, looked at me. I ignored their glances and buttered some warm toast. "You do know he's really into you, right?" Damon said as his wife nodded in agreement.

"Oh, no, really, we just both share a passion for the bush, that's all... and sure he is a nice guy..." I argued, my voice trailing off as I dismissed what they said. But I watched Jules walking off in the distance and wondered, and I wished we were staying longer than just one more night...

As a footnote: I truly have NO idea if Jules did have feelings for me that I had not noticed, but which my American benefactors had noticed. Did I miss all the signs? Did I miss a chance to make a move, to do something? Ugh~! Sometimes I am so bloody naive. Anyway, when I can I will tell you all bout night number two. I may make it more fantasy than reality and have wild sex with Jules. Sadly in real life we did not have abandoned wild sex, lol. BUT I DO have his number... and I need to go back to evaluate the students...

