Sophie Rxx1 Visits The Apprentice Pisser House Part 4

1st April 2014, 10:58 AM

Author: pobox9847

Location: england (Sex: Male) Posts: 119

Sophie took the opportunity to have a cup of coffee, grab a quick shower, and change clothes and soon was back downstairs where Maggie outlined their idea for today's episode.

A few minutes later, when the Apprentice girls were safely gathered in another room, Sophie was smuggled into the bathroom, and into the cubicle.

An out of order sign was placed on the door, and a couple of large toolboxes were placed in front. This had the added bonus of meaning Sophie's legs were not visible under the gap at the foot of the cubicle door.

The peep hole was suitably positioned so whilst sitting on the toilet seat, Sophie could lean slightly forward and look into the neighbouring cubicle and get a fantastic view. She had butterflies in her stomach from naughty anticipation

Meanwhile in a room on the other side of the house Sharon was briefing the contestants.

"Tori, as the winning captain in the last challenge, you have a bye for this task. The seven remaining contestants will hear exactly what the task will be shortly. But firstly, as you know we forbade you to use the loo from 8pm last night...and now, to ensure a level playing field, you are all going to go for a wee, one after the other. When you come back, we'll explain the task. choose captains etc. There is only one cubicle in use, the other is out of order. So I think the sensible thing to do is find out who is desperate for a wee."

Nicolette and Michelle raised their hands

"Thanks" said Maggie, taking over, "You two can go...last!!! Makes it more fun for us. Okay, off you go. Form a nice civilised queue with Nicolette and Michelle at the back."

Nicolette and Michelle looked crestfallen. They should have known the programme better. Now they would have to wait ages to release their aching bladders. Little did they know there was a perfectly usable second toilet, not out of order at all, but marked out of order just so Peesearch legend Sophie Rxx1 could enjoy listening to 7 girls have a pee.

In the other toilet, Sophie was beside herself with anticipation. Rubbing her hands together with nervous excitement. She had changed into a pretty pale blue shirt, and a lovely white skirt with a white thong on beneath.

She wished she could see the line of girls outside, especially if a couple of them were desperate. It was always fun when you didn't need a wee, to watch a friend who was bursting as they hopped from foot to foot, or held themselves..or better still if they wet themselves, that always made for an embarrassing story to bring up on a girls night out after a few drinks.

Still, she could hardly complain at her ringside seat. Had she been able to see outside, she'd have seen Lucy, who wasn't one for social niceties, announce they could all waste time deciding who was queuing in what position but she needed a piss, and she was going first. As the door opened Sophie got her first glimpse of Lucy in the flesh. Of course from watching the show previously she remembered that Lucy was curvy. By no means fat, but a healthy normal looking woman who didn't look like a stick. Sophie remembered Lucy's boobs..they were by far the biggest of the remaining contestants. Probably around 36DD if Sophie had to guess. Her dark brown hair bobbed around her shoulders. Sophie just had time to take in that Lucy was wearing a navy t-shirt with some white trim and a pair of black jeans before the jeans were quickly peeled, down, followed immediately by her dark green cotton knickers.

She hovered over the seat, there was a few seconds pause during which time Sophie found herself feeling as if time had stopped still

She could see the curves of Lucy's full round bottom (which Sir Mix A Lot would have approved of) and thanks to her angle, she could also see Lucy's pussy with its dark brown matt of hair.

Almost immediately Lucy began to wee. The jet began as one full deep yellow stream but within seconds had diverged into two or three separate ones each racing down to the bowl below. Unlike most men in this situation Sophie also studied Lucy's face,. Lucy had a pleasant relaxed look, but she was clearly a woman used to being in control, and she was not at the point of desperation, she was just enjoying a nice powerful wee.

Sophie loved watching, and hearing this girl wee. At her work place all the girls went to the loo at thee same time, and she loved that, as there was always a girl to listen to.

It was great to have someone new to listen to, however, and getting to watch just made it even better.

There was no hiss, just the sound of the wee splashing against the water in the bowl. The powerful jet of wee lasted for about 25 seconds and then slowed and finally stopped. Lucy was finished. She didn't bother wiping, and just pulled up her dark green undies, and jeans,; flushed and exited the toilet

Next up came Erica. She was by far the tallest contestant, maybe 6ft, with long long legs. She was wearing a black and white striped dress. She hitched it up to around her waist, pulled down her white panties to just below the knees and sat down on the toilet. No crouching for her. Sadly this meant Sophie couldn't actually see the stream, but it still felt deliciously naughty to be spying on these girls using the loo. She could hear a powerful jet spraying from Xs pussy, and the lovely powerful hissing sound you sometimes get was present here. She also enjoyed watched Sophie's posture. She was sat ramrod straight and stayed that way throughout her piss. Sophie tried to focus on the sounds, to remember and experience every second

From outside she could hear Michelle's voice "C'mon, hurry up in there. I'm bursting for a wee" and saw Erica laugh to herself

Erica's stream finally slowed to a trickle, and then a few drops. At this point she reached for the toilet paper, and wiped, before standing up, pulling her panties up (Sophie could see they had a cute pattern on the front), and letting her dress fall back down.

Opening the door (having flushed) she exited and waited. Who would be next? It turned out to be Tammi. Sophie remembered she was the youngest contestant at just 18, with short mousy hair. Sophie couldn't wait to see what she looked like when having a piss.

Tammi was wearing a white blouse, and a black skirt which she hitched up revealing a pair of tan tights, which she peeled down, together with her black knickers, in one swift movement. Her ivory bottom looked soft and blemish free and Sophie watched eagerly as her view got better as Tammi lowered her gorgeous behind, till it was much closer to Sophie's eyeline. Tammi hovered just centimetres over the loo, meaning Sophie couldn't view her pussy, but could see her stream. quickly the gorgeous yellow stream began. It was dark yellow, as befits the first wee of the day. It was a thick solid stream, not spraying willy nilly, but flowing directly down from her young pussy straight into the bowl. Again there was no hiss, just the sound of wee hitting the water. Her wee lasted about 45 seconds before it finally trailed off. She didn't bother to wipe, and simply pulled up her clothes. Having flushed, she too exited the loo.

Sophie waited for the next person to arrive, but no-one entered the loo. She could hear voices but couldn't gather exactly what was happening. If she had been outside she would have seen Michelle begging to be allowed to use the loo first. Kimberley looked like she might be kind, but Helen, egged on by Lucy, said it would be cheating and refused to agree to it.

Michelle turned as if to leave the bathroom "I'm going to have to find another loo" she said " otherwise I'm going to wet my knickers"

To be continued...

Hope you enjoy. It's not my natural milieu so I hope I have done justice by those whose 'bag' it is. Constructive suggestions (& blind praise) welcome

