"Welcome home, dear..." (True m-f AND f-f, pissing sex, 69)

1st May 2015, 10:17 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

As my husband rolled over this morning and greeted me with a morning quickie, I was reminded again of how incredibly hot our night had been. Our sex may not always be crazy, but with two horny women sharing one guy we do have some fun. And since absence makes the heart grow fonder, homecomings are always especially steamy. Last night was no exception.

"Hurry on home...we have a surprise for you."

That was the text that my other spouse, Kerry, sent to our husband when his plane landed. I grew up actively bisexual, and seduced Kerry when we were college roommates - about thirteen years ago. Since then, I married the most amazing man on the planet and tried to go cold-turkey on my girl-girl past. But let's just say I still had a fire within me that couldn't be quenched. So Kerry moved in with us, and we soon decided to make it an official commitment for all three of us - all off the books, of course. We may live a secret life, but it's worth it to protect our permanent love triangle. And we sure do miss our husband when he's away on business trips, but such is the life of a consultant.

Our property is protected like a fortress - a compound of sexual nirvana. So Kerry and I were well aware when his car arrived, watching the monitor safely from our spot tucked away in the backyard hot tub. He walked right back - still dressed rather inappropriately for the occasion. But the pieces of his suit quickly found a temporary home on one of the deck chairs as he slipped his nude 6'4" frame into the water with us.

"So, please...I'm dying to know...what's the surprise?"

Kerry and I smiled at each other, knowing that it was time to finally tell him. We both stood up in the water, leaned down toward him, and gave him a kiss on his each side of his lips, although he was clearly eager for more. But Kerry and I glanced back at each other. She had such a sinister grin on her face as we both arched our waists toward our man and released our bladders - just enough to relieve the pressure, and spray a little up and down his chest. We wanted to save as much of our piss as we could for later.

I broke the silence, "We've been forcing fluids, and we want you bad." If he hadn't been so distracted by the pair of nude women awaiting his arrival, he may have noticed that an area had been set up with padding in the middle of the patio next to the pool - large enough for all three of us to have some fun together.

I slipped out of the hot tub first, and then Kerry, as we motioned for him to join us. We both wanted to feel our man enter us, but when Kerry and I 69 we just fit better if she's on top. So her shorter frame won her some benefits this time around. I laid down on my back, and welcomed Kerry's amazing body to wrap around me. I've been having sex with other girls for a very long time, but there's still nothing quite like looking up at a perfectly trimmed pussy just inches from your face. Yum!!!

I spread Kerry's labia apart, and immediately started to lick up and down her wetness until I found her clit. I tried to latch onto her as best I could, but our husband was already erect and didn't waste any time. As he got down onto his knees, I watched as his lovely manhood worked its way into her. Slowly at first, but then much more quickly, I did my best to continue giving her clit the attention it needed while I gazed laughingly at our man's scrotum passing back and forth above me.

Suddenly Kerry tensed up and moaned as he shifted his hands. His right hand had grabbed onto her waist, as he took the thumb from his left hand and slipped it deeply into her ass. He normally cums pretty quickly after these trips, but we had given him plenty of encouragement while he was gone to take care of himself in his room; the side benefit, of course, is that now he was able to go much longer with us.

He was really rocking hard into Kerry now, but my arms around her were helping to keep her stable so that I could continue to suck on her clit. It's a good thing we don't have neighbors because that girl was moaning like a wild woman! With her puckered little back hole filled, her pussy being relentlessly probed, and her clit being suckled, she couldn't take much more of this. I couldn't either! Although Kerry had stopped licking me, she was pressing her pussy against my face, while both of their thighs were pressed against my head. And I could barely breathe with his balls slapping back and forth across my nose and mouth! But what a way to go...

Kerry couldn't take much more of this. I know her well enough that I could tell she was really trying hard to hold back her bladder until she climaxed, but she had to piss bad! Then suddenly, I could tell that our man's cock was stiffening up just a little bit more as he became very methodical in his pumping. And with 1...2...3...deeper thrusts, he shot his load into her - finally holding her tightly up against his crotch.

Although he remained inside of her - relishing in the moment, as the last of his cum dripped out - he was no longer rocking back and forth above me, which gave me the access I needed. I immediately latched onto Kerry's clit, tasting a little of our man's cum as it started to work its way out.

Kerry couldn't handle it any longer as her load moaning went silent...her body tensed up...and she let out one last grunt as the orgasm surged through her body. Squeezing her thighs against me, I knew what was coming next. Still riding the wave of her climax, she finally released her bladder - spraying her clear, diluted piss directly into my mouth, against the base of our man's shaft and balls, and down my neck. I tried to swallow what I could, but it was a mess. And she just kept peeing until my hair was completely drenched.

Knowing that I'd need some more space to breathe, our man rested backwards - obviously enjoying the sight. As he uncoupled from her, I now took full advantage of my obstructed access to her lady parts. I spread her labia apart and planted my tongue directly onto her clit, so that my open mouth was perfectly positioned to catch more of her hot fluids. As a second wave of her orgasm surged through her, she sprayed out another stream of piss with a little less force so that it could be directed straight into my mouth. Soon thereafter, I felt something thicker slide down my tongue as our man's milky fluid leaked out into my mouth. With a few last spurts of her pee, Kerry lay there lifeless on top of me as she tried to catch her breath.

I laid my legs down, kind of hinting that I was done and it was OK for Kerry to roll off of me. But she would have nothing of it.

"I need to finish you off, too...get on top of me." I asked if she was sure, but she insisted. "Get your ass up here." She can be very persuasive.

I knew it wouldn't take me long, since I was incredibly turned on already. But once she locked her lips around my wetness, I quickly realized how quickly things would happen. And then our man sent me over the edge, as we walked around, sat down directly in front of my open legs, and reached just above Kerry's mouth to slip two fingers deep inside me. That's all it took. Although he started to curl his fingers down toward my g-spot, that extra stimulation wouldn't be necessary. As I felt my climax begin to surge through me, I clenched down and released my bladder - spraying my hot nectar all over Kerry's face. I know she was trying to swallow what she could, but whether or not she was able to was completely out of my hands at this point. I had to let it flow. But like I had been able to with her, she eventually cupped her mouth around my wetness to suck up the last drops of my pee.

As I rolled off Kerry, we both looked up at our man and smiled. Walking over to the hot tub to clean up and relax for a while, I looked over at him and said: "Welcome home, dear."

Cheers,

Renee

P.S. - If you enjoyed this story, please leave a comment! I would also welcome you to go to the following for more stories that I've documented on here: $t/community/...searchid=794962

. Also, be sure to go to the following to read a few gems that my girl, Kerry, has posted about us: $t/community/...searchid=794963

