Desperation in Darlington - True story - M/F extreme desperation and wetting

3rd March 2013, 12:33 AM

Author: anonomousy1

Location: British (Sex: Female) Posts: 841

This is part two to my Dirty Little Secret story; I posted about a week ago.

About a week ago today Rob and I got a hotel in Darlington; or rather he paid for the hotel for us. Usually I wouldn't allow this, but there was method in my madness this time so I made the exception and I would never have booked a hotel room that expensive, despite it being beautiful and posh.

Picking up where we left off in the last story...

We left the hotel room and went to get some food as it was around tea time, though I can't remember when exactly it was. As we didn't know the area that well we dropped into a service station nearby.

Before leaving the hotel room we had peed on each other amidst some fun sexual play and tidied up the room and the pee before leaving to get some food before doing some more serious pee holding. As we had got desperate before peeing on each other we were hoping that the second bout of desperation would come sooner and more intensely than the first.

I think we drove into the service station to get petrol, then back out and a little way away before deciding that we didn't know anywhere else to go that wouldn't involve a lot of wasted time. We weren't exactly interested in sight seeing that night.

Burger King it was then. We sat in and ate and Rob cheekily took the piss out of how slow an eater I am for the second time since meeting that lunchtime. I had felt a slight urge to pee even on the way there, despite the short distance from the hotel. I didn't tell him until after we'd left Burger King and bought some Marks and Spencer larger (the only larger available) to aid desperation (by the way ewww!) We were sat in the car on about to pull away when I admitted to having a quickly building urge to pee.

I was surprised at how quickly it had come on. It must have only been forty minutes maximum and all I'd drank since peeing was one regular coke. Though we had drank a fair amount in the room before our first pee, that may have had a delayed reaction, or maybe it was just that holding pee two times in a row means your bladder is more sensitive the second time, or maybe both. All I know is that it was coming on fairly quickly compared to usual. I generally have a very tolerant bladder. Rob said he needed to pee a little too, but wasn't desperate at all.

I love it when you get that first definite urge to pee. Not the light one you get when you know you're about to go somewhere where there will be no toilets, the one which allows you to pee but a very unsatisfying, small and not even slightly orgasmic tiny teeny wussy pee. No not that urge, the urge where you can actually feel some pee. The urge where you don't need to have something to draw attention to it, but it doesn't take over your thoughts and needs. I love that feeling if I'm with someone who I'm going to do naughty things with.

Feeling that first urge gives you a naughty glint in your eye. It gives you a hint of what's to come. Just from that feeling you can almost estimate how long you will be able to hold for. The excitement and naughtiness of what you are about to do becomes real. The pleasure of enjoying it with someone else steals away the usual guilt and stupidity you feel sometimes when holding pee on your own. The I know what you're thinking feeling when you both admit to needing to pee a little. You're both anticipating the next few hours.

The «If only they knew. How naughty are we?» feeling that excites me. Feeling naughty about it makes it all the more fun and exciting. Even when I know we're going to be alone in a hotel room, I feel excited and scared of being caught. It's from there that a sort of foreplay of wondering how much each other needs to pee starts and the repeated question of «How's your bladder?» starts. You know at this moment that if you drink loads you'll be desperate soon. It's not too long after this moment that the urge starts to feel pleasurable. Warm and teasing. A slowly (or quickly in this case) building pressure inside like a weight growing. I was looking forward to the early stages of desperation, the teasing waves urgent, right there and ready.

Once inside the hotel and drinking the larger that was exactly what I got. I was squirming as the urge was more present than usual. Right there tickling my pee hole constantly. Rob had promised not to touch my bladder because I wanted a natural accident this time. I wanted to truly lose control of myself, because usually I wet myself by giving in to pain, horniness or impatience, but this time I wanted a genuine accident. I craved it and we had agreed to encourage each other to the bitter end not to give up.

Rob got into the bed and got himself cosy. He put the Rugby on, which he had been looking forward to watching. I wasn't keen on watching it but I said I didn't mind because the chances were that we'd be too busy watching each other which was true and he soon admitted it.

I had sat on the chair by the desk that was at the foot of the bed. I don't find it comfortable holding it when in bed and can't drink lying down anyway. He tried to get me to come in and for a while I was the only one squirming. But I wasn't alone for very long.

«How are you doing?» I asked when I saw him starting to shift positions more often.

«Yeah, I'm starting to feel it a bit more now too.» He admitted. Then because I wouldn't come into the bed he tried to tempt me in again by pulling the duvet over him and snuggling into the bed even more than before, though he was still fully dressed in jeans, t-shirt and even a belt. I was concentrating hard on not peeing and was finding it hard to finish the can of larger I was drinking, it was almost like every time I even put it to my lips I felt more desperate. I didn't understand it; I had been much more desperate than this before and held on much longer, but this felt different, more teasing and present at my pee hole than usual. Dancing around my urethra like it was mocking my ability.

Rob tried again to get me to come into bed and I soon realised he was playing a game with me to try and tempt me in. He had covered his mouth with the sheets and his whole body so that I couldn't make out the slight squirming he was now doing. The sheets were shifting up and down quickly which told me his leg was bouncing rhythmically underneath. Occasionally he would shift position completely. There was one point where it was obvious to me that his bladder was definitely starting to catch up with mine.

«I bet you're biting your lip under there.» I teased. He laughed.

«Yeah, you're right actually.» He laughed again. «How did you know that?»

«I just guessed.» Rob bites his lip a lot when he starts to get desperate. It's one of the early signs. Even if his body is fairly calm and he isn't wriggling too much he tends to start to bite his lip. I remember when we were holding pee on a country walk in the woods once. Not too long after we had walked past some dog walkers trying to act normal he had been biting his lip quite hard (but that's another story). Damn writing this all out is making me a bit horny.

«You're trying to hide your squirming from me under the covers so I'll come over for a closer look aren't you?» I asked.

«Maybe.» He laughed.

«Well I can still see that you're bouncing your leg, and I bet you're still biting your lip too.» He laughed; he knew he'd been sussed.

«It's building pretty fast isn't it?» I marvelled.

«Yeah I'm starting to feel it a lot more now.» He admitted.

«See I was right when I said I get desperate quicker but yours comes on stronger when you do start to get desperate wasn't I?»

«Yeah, you've probably got hours left yet.»

«Oh I don't know. It's harder to control than usual.» I said. It was true; I had strained quite hard a few times now. Pushing my hand down on my thigh and leaning hard on it. Gripping the side of the desk as I shifted my bum around on the chair struggling to keep still. My legs were stiff and my left thigh had started to hurt. A couple of times I thought I might never make it to the calmer fuller bladder stage of desperation . Rob was obviously surprised too. He looked at me astonished.

«Really, that bad?»

«You always say that.» I responded. «It's like even after all the times we've done this you're still surprised by my squirming.» I actually find it quite nice that he still gets so excited by it though. I do too.

«Come over here.» He beckoned.

«I don't think I can stand up.» I said. «I'll try when I finish drinking the beer. Why don't you come over here, surely it's gotta be easier to hold sitting up?»

«Yeah I guess so. I just don't know if I'll be able to resist touching your bladder if I come over.»

«You'd better not. I want this to be natural. I won't touch yours either. I mean unless you want me to?»

«No I want to hold until I lose control too.» He said. This was going to be so intense. I could feel it. Well yeah I could, I could feel the pee for sure.

He got up and came to sit on the edge of the bed. I think I tried to move from the chair to the bed as he tried to get closer, but I decided against it and instead moved the chair closer to him. He bounced his leg more often now, pretty much constant.

«Standing up really made me feel it more.» He told me, and I watched as he tried to decide what to do with his legs. He seemed fairly comfortable though, just a little wriggly, unlike me. I was really struggling at this point and I still hadn't managed to finish the damn larger which I was determined to do. I wanted completely uncontrollable desperation and a larger is definitely going to help me with that, though initially I'd have thought I'd managed much more than one measly larger and a coke.

«God I'm such a bloody wuss.» I said, disappointed in myself for how wriggly I had to be at this point. I was so tense and my legs were constantly bouncing. I was rocking back and forth and leaning from one leg to another pushing my crotch hard into the tops of each leg until it hurt and then changing legs or squirming some more. I had to keep pausing to grab my left thigh and squeeze it as I stretched it out. I often get a sore leg when squirming. It's bloody annoying.

Rob placed his hand on one of my bouncing legs and put pressure on it to try and stop me squirming so much and also I think, so that he could share in my predicament closer. Our proximity at that moment was very close. I think my knee was either touching his or hitting his leg as I bounced it around. His leg was bouncing maybe a little faster too. More like a shake or nervous twitch than a completely conscious thing now. It was like it had become automatic as a necessity, something he had to do. He alternated between which leg he bounced, but I think his focus on me and how closely he was observing my desperation had calmed him down a little bit. I laughed at his trying to slow my leg bouncing down and told him that wasn't fair.

He stopped and took his hand away not wanting to ruin my fun. He then put it on the inside of my thigh, but did not put any pressure on. He trailed his fingers up the inside of my legs and up to my crotch. This drove me crazy. I could feel it tickling even through my jeans. I liked it so let him do it for a minute or so, but then told him I'd wet myself if he didn't stop so he stopped, though he did reach over and rest his hand on my bouncing legs and I did on his too. I love to feel his leg bouncing. It makes me feel a part of his desperation and our proximity was so that we could kiss a lot too. The kisses felt amazing. Kissing always feels so intense and deep when I need to pee. I get lost and feel my body shiver and my clitoris pulsing. The trouble is though, that it makes me need to pee much stronger.

«Ok, I can't keep leaning into you to kiss. It's putting too much pressure on my bladder and it's making me need to pee too badly and turning me on too much. I'm going to end up doing stuff and then I'll lose control and I don't want to waste this desperation.»

«Me neither.»

Not too long after that I started to really struggle. I was straining really hard and leaning right forward in order to keep the tenseness I required to keep control of myself. I was breathing really weirdly and worrying a lot about losing control prematurely.

«You can't lose control now.» Rob said. «You're much better than this. Come on.»

«I know I'm no where near as full as I have been before. I mean it hardly even aches. But it just feels so intense and present at my urethra. It's not giving up easily this time and it's building so fast.»

It built up very fast. In less than five minutes it had started to ache more and I was still squirming. Usually when it begins to ache more the present pee dancing above my urethra stops dancing constantly and the pain kind of outweighs the urge to release, but not this time. I started rocking back and forth. I could not get comfortable and did not have a proper hold on my bladder at all. I had even put a bin bag and towel under me just in case I leaked prematurely. This was a funny thing because at one point when I was struggling a lot the bin bag made a noise that made Rob ask

«Are you peeing?» He sounded surprised but confused between being happy or disappointed. I think he's got used to my ability to hold great volumes and I don't think he wanted me to fail so soon either.

«No. Not yet. It's just the bin bag,» I said, «but it's definitely harder to hold than usual.»

He leaned in closer and encouraged me «Come on Faye, you're better than this, you can't lose control now.» This was really nice, I wasn't used to this kind of encouragement, usually he was more like the evil demon trying to make me lose control sooner than I'd planned, but I think this time he knew that something better was round the corner. The raw naturalness of the desperation was making both of us happy. He continued to bounce his leg and occasionally wriggle more and bite his lip, but he seemed to be more concerned or enticed by my situation and apparent lack of control. I felt like I was hanging on by a thread.

My hand had been on his bouncing leg for a while, but by this point I was using him to keep my balance and push down hard to help tense myself against my over sensitive urethra and the pee dancing around above it.

«I'm sorry. Am I making it harder for you to hold it by making it hard for you to move your leg?»

«A little bit,» he smiled «but I'm alright.» He shifted around a little, trying to get comfortable.

«Finished at last!» I said proudly, throwing the empty larger can into the bin and picking up one of our bottles of flavoured water.

After a little while he asked again. «Do you want to come and lie down with me now? It might take the weight off our bladders. Mine's really starting to feel heavy now.» Actually I had been pleasantly surprised by his bladder control this time. Usually when he starts to get desperate he doesn't have quite as much control, but he had sat there for quite a while with me, bouncing his legs around and had even been restricted from wriggling as much by the weight behind my hand as I pushed down on his leg. Obviously now though, the weight of his bladder had started to take its toll.

«Ok, give me a second. I just need to pull myself together so that I can stand up. I said. «We should probably move the duvet away if we're gonna get the sheet wet again though.» It was a waterproof sheet because we had no plans on ruining a hotel. He got up and got into the bed. I carefully followed. The easiest way for me seemed to be to crawl across from the bottom of the bed. Tucking the chair back into the desk to make space to walk to my side seemed like too much effort when standing with a full bladder.

I had to minimise the time standing as much as possible if I was going to succeed in holding on to my pee for much longer. Crawling didn't seem like as good a plan as I'd thought though my bladder felt very very present at my urethra then and I was relieved once I was settled on the bed. But I couldn't find a comfortable position. On my back my legs couldn't squeeze closely enough together and I couldn't access Rob or see him properly in that position either. In the end I found lying on my side worked best and the weight of my now very full bladder was gone to an extent, though the urgency was not.

Rob was clearly now really really struggling and his lying down appeared to have been a tactic to lighten the load. It is a tactic I use sometimes, but though my load was lightened the presence of the pee dancing around my urethra was not really letting up this time so the lighter load didn't really help, because squirming seemed more awkward, but the way we faced each other when holding on for dear life was pretty hot. We were close enough to kiss at a stretch but far enough apart that we could see each other's slightly bent posture as we held ourselves between our legs.

He squeezed his penis hard with his hands. I had undone my pants ages ago, some time near the start of my squirming and I think he had when he had walked over to sit on the edge of the bed. It was either then or the first time we'd been holding that he had said his penis was hurting because it was hard and trying to break from his jeans. Anyway, that was not the case now because he was too desperate to have a hardon now, despite being turned on by sharing this desperation.

He was squeezing his penis tightly with both hands and doubling over more and more as his bit his lip very hard and scrunched his eyes up occasionally as he strained. I was doing something similar. It was funny because he kept saying

«Oh my god! Oh my god!» over and over as he struggled and I kept saying

«Oh shit oh shit oh shit» and we were mirroring each other's stance.

«We're doing really well Rob. We're both doing really well. We can do this.» I was trying to encourage us both to hold on longer. Especially him. I wanted us to lose it around the same time and it felt like maybe this time we would.

We struggled on with his «Oh my god» and my «Oh shit» and we kissed a few times, though the kisses were pretty strained and I could tell he was trying too hard not to pee to be able to concentrate on kissing me back. He was almost mouthing «Oh my god» into my mouth and his kisses were tense and short. I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd started biting on my lip or even my tongue if we'd kept on kissing throughout.

«This is insane.» I said, meaning that it was intense and good.

«Yeah, it's good isn't it?» He managed to let his guard down for a second. «This isn't going to work staying here like this.» He observed, and he was right, we were clearly struggling. Every time a wave came it was like I was going to take off from holding on so tightly.

«Should we try standing up?» He asked. I wasn't sure it was a good idea but we had to try something and I liked the idea of keeping massive pee's out of the bedroom so we walked into the bathroom. I couldn't manage standing long though and sat on the edge of the bath.

«Sorry I can't control it standing.» I apologised.

«It's ok.» He replied.

«Why don't you come and sit down, it might make it easier for you?» I said. «Maybe sit on the toilet with the seat down.»

«No I'd rather stand for now. The pressure is too much if I'm bent over.» He danced about a bit in the Rob way which is hard to describe. Moves one leg more than the other and does the usual weight shifting, but in a more subtle way. One leg lifts off the ground and bends up sometimes then he starts to bend over a bit to push his legs closer. This is when I know he's in trouble. When this happened this time he climbed into the bath and I followed. I don't like it much when people prepare to wet themselves it makes me feel like they are planning it, but it didn't matter too much this time because it seemed like he'd had a good innings and I guess he had to be cautious because of where we were.

He kept on holding it in but was moving from leg to leg a lot more often now than before and as he bent his knees and started doing the bouncing thing slightly (a bit like how people bend their knees when they're ready to jump) but not in the over exaggerated way I've seen it done in some over the top videos. He put his hands down his pants and started to squeeze as he moved from one leg to the other over and over.

«I'm gonna pee.» He said.

«No, you can hold on. Keep going you can do it.» I said, as always.

«I can't I can't it's gonna come out. I can't hold it.» He said.

«You can.» I tried to persuade him, to make him stronger. He went quiet for a moment and I could see his hand squeezing through his grey boxers tightly. He was trying but he didn't look very hopeful.

«I can't hold it. I can't hold it.» He told me.

«You can come on, you're doing really well.» I am a bit of a cow when he starts to lose control. A bit of a bully in a way, taunting him to hold on.

«I leaked.» He informed me.

«Stop it.» I told him.

«Ok I managed to stop.» He said strained. «It's coming though. I can't stop it.»

«Yes you can.»

«It's coming out.» He said defeated, trying to see whether I could see the small spot that had a little trickle running down from it. I could tell he had almost given up hope of taking back control.

«It's ok you can stop it, try and stop it.»

«I'm trying. I stopped it. It's coming out again. I'm trying to stop it. It's not happening. I'm peeing.»

It was hard to find the right place to feel the warmth but in the end I did. It was brilliant to feel the warm wetness in my hand as I held his cock in my hand, the wet material in my fingers. We kissed.

«I'm still peeing.» He said afterwards. I was stood the whole time with my legs crossed enjoying his wetting but also trying to concentrate on not losing control myself. A puddle pooled at his feet and ran down to mine.

Eventually he finished, and then started again soon after, then eventually finished. It was a long pee and he was soaked. His jeans now a darker navy, his gray boxers so wet and yummy. I think he took the jeans off not too long after because I remember being enticed by his wet grey boxers, they were the long thin type, not his usual style. They were perfect for showing pee. The material all wet and hanging over his wet shiny hairy legs, the wet sticking to him slightly and the pee on his skin shining in the light of the bathroom.

Before any of this though we stood in the bath. He was taking in the relief from his release and I was just standing. We hugged and kissed and I had slid down his body. I was unable to balance or stand up straight now. The main reason I couldn't balance was because I was kind of standing on one leg. I had my legs crossed in such a way that my body was bent forward and my left leg was crossed completely over my right leg, bent upwards so as to push into my peephole. My left foot was rested on my right foot. I had been using Rob as support so I didn't fall over. I wasn't going to move. Long after he finished peeing I stayed there holding him close and resting my head in his chest.

«I know I'm hugging you a lot but really I'm using you as a prop so I don't fall over. Look, I'm practically standing on one leg.» I laughed and he smiled at me kissing me again and holding on to me.

Eventually I realised that this was not the best way to manage my situation.

«I think I'm going to sit down.» I said climbing slowly and very carefully out of the dress and slowly sitting on the side of the bath again. My urge seemed to have finally got me into a calmer less frantic kind of state, but I wanted to be frantic and out of control like he had just been so that I could share in his pleasure and relief. I sat and whinged about how it had got to me being able to control it as usual but that it had started to feel heavy and really sore now. I clung on tightly to the sink with one hand and leaned forward on my thigh with the other and he sat in front of me on the toilet with the cover down. I scrunched my face up in pain a few times when waves come and rocked slowly. My holding technique had changed to meet the new painful demands of my heavy bladder.

«You can let go if it's hurting too much you know.» He said. He had become so friendly and supportive.

«No, it does hurt but I like it. I wouldn't do it if I didn't. You're meant to be encouraging me not to let go remember.»

«Yeah I just didn't know if you were still enjoying it. I thought you were in a lot of pain.»

«Oh it does really hurt but I like the challenge and kind of like the pain.» I said. He had said he had been in pain when he'd been holding it. He'd said so when we were on the bed and I'd asked if he was ok and he'd said yes he kind of liked the pain.

I sighed in pain and asked if he was getting bored.

«No of course not how could I get bored watching this.» He assured me. I don't know why, but having someone else nearby to enjoy my desperation makes me feel much stronger and more keen and confident to keep on holding till the end. I kept hanging my head to overcome the aching in my bladder.

«Ah it's so heavy right now.» I said. «And this could go on forever yet. I should drink more.» He passed me the glass by the sink and I filled and drank a few times.

«It looks really painful.» He sympathised. «We can go back to the bed if you want.» I remembered that the plastic sheet was down and remembered how at a painful stage where I am more in control like now that lying down relieved some of the pressure.

I stood carefully and he helped me to the bed. Again I crawled across the bed carefully.

«Ahhhh that hurt a lot.»

«Are you alright?» He asked. I like how even when I can tell he's amazed by my strength and clearly still can't take his eyes off me, he still cares enough to ensure I'm ok, which in some ways is ironic considering how he is when we're not doing pee stuff, ha ha.

I settled on the bed and he lay close smiling. Dad's Army was on the TV now. I drank some more water and coke and tried to ignore the pain building inside me.

«I've got to make sure I don't try and relax too much when trying to relax against the pain.» I told him. «Or I might let some out unintentionally.» I think we kissed a couple of times and I may have let him trace his hands across my swollen bladder to feel how big it was. He was amazed but still attentive and supportive of my fragile state.

Before long the relaxing wasn't going to cause me to wet because I could no longer relax. The urgency had come back. Dancing merrily round my pee hole, my bladder weighing heavily behind it. It all came so quickly. One minute I was under control and fairly relaxed apart from the pain which I had now become at peace with almost as if spiritually at peace, the next minute I was struggling and straining harder than ever before. I was completely out of control and desperate not to let my bladder win the battle. I had come so far to get to this stage and I wanted to fight it properly so that I could be satisfied that I had a proper accident and that I hadn't wussed out to pain or laziness.

I squeezed myself so so hard pulling up into my crotch with all my might. I writhed around; I pushed myself into the bed head first. I tried everything. I doubled over completely moaning hard at the struggle. Making noises like

«M» but not the mmmm like when you like the taste of something, the harder, more struggling «M». I whined a bit as if I was in public or something and had a real reason not to wet myself. It was like my life depended on not wetting myself and as I struggled I could hear the old guy in Dad's Army on the TV saying

«Don't panic, don't panic» and in the back of my mind I thought how apt.

«I'm sorry for being so weird. Sorry this is really weird.» I repeated as I practically walked around the bed as if I was in an Oren Lavie music video. I tried every position and couldn't stop the pushing pee on my urethra. It was so so sensitive right now. I was really really struggling and it was very very clear to Rob now that I was helpless. I whined more and more as it got harder and got more and more self conscious which I never am usually when I wet because usually I'm not that desperate and usually kind of do it deliberately or by having it teased from me by Rob. But this time all he did was watch close by and at this point I actually had little idea where he actually was in relation to me, everything had gone out of focus apart from my desperation. I may have even had my eyes close to concentrate, I'm not sure.

I moved up to a pillow to try and rest my head but the pillow soon moved away as I shifted to yet another position. I was frantic, crazy, must have looked ridiculous and desperate as hell. It was like my whole, mind, body and soul were all panicking at once and for that moment I really desperately did not want to wet myself even though I had set it all up so that I would and I love wetting.

I was almost whimpering with the determination and panic as I tried not to wet myself. I still managed to make myself look even more stupid though by repeating again

«I'm sorry I'm so weird, this is so friggen weird, I'm sorry.»

«It's not don't worry. It's awesome, it's amazing. You're so strong; I can't believe you've not lost control yet. You're really good at this.»

He spoke too soon.

«It's leaking.» I almost whimpered as I spoke. «I can't let it out. I can't let it out.» I said to myself sternly as I regained control and strained harder than ever. Grunting and pushing desperately hard into my crotch as if I was trying to tear myself in half.

«Are you ok?» Rob asked concerned. He was somewhere down by my waist, his head looking up, hovering over me. I think so anyway, like I said things other than my bladder were a blur, it was like I couldn't take in so much information, even the TV in the background was stressing me out which I think I mentioned because I remember Rob switching it off soon after thinking that.

«I can't hold on. It's coming out. I'm leaking. I'm leaking.»

«Really?» Rob asked amazed.

«I'm trying to stop it. I've got to stop it.» I think I growled or something and tried frantically to regain control, looking like I was tearing myself in half again by ramming my hands between my legs and writhing around.

«Are you sure you're ok?» Rob asked. I'm not surprised, I had been probably on the edge of tears or something when I had started to leak. I thought he must think I was friggen fucked up really. Really really fucked up, but I'd come this far, so despite feeling a little stupid I carried on, because I had always wanted to do this.

«Oh my god this is amazing.» He was astonished. I could tell by his voice he was completely incredulous.

«It's coming out. I'm trying so hard but I can't stop it long enough.» I almost whimpered. «I have to go its too hard. No I have to hold on I can't give up.» I corrected myself sternly, but a patch had started to form around my hands and part way down one leg as I was lay on my side. The warmth felt nice as did the slight release of pressure. I made one more half arsed attempt to hold back my now almost completely uncontrollable urge and then I started to leak so soon after the last time.

«I'm going to have to let go completely now, it's too hard.» I said defeated. I started to pee and then said «Should I finish in the bathroom, there's going to be a lot of pee?»

«Yeah.» Rob agreed. To me his voice at this moment seemed soothing and caring, but I don't know if my head was just cabbaged from having been so desperate. I stopped the flow for a moment and he helped me into the bathroom. When I say helped, I don't really know what I mean coz I don't think he was holding me up or anything I think just having him nearby gave me something to steady myself.

I climbed carefully into the bath and peed a strong wide stream that seemed like a waterfall in width because of the way it soaked my jeans so quickly. All I could make out was him being low down putting his hands in my stream and watching close up as I half squatted, standing in the bath, possibly holding the wall for support. Most of it is a blur apart from how long the pee was and how much relief I felt from it. It was insanely pleasurable.

«Wow» he said «that was amazing».

«Kiss me.» I said and climbed carefully out of the bath. I took pulled him close into my arms and kissed him. Probably playing with his hair. I always play with people's hair when I kiss them but maybe this time I was just holding him tight, because my legs felt wobbly like jelly.

He led me to the bed and we lay down together holding each other close. I took off my jeans first as they had become cold. I kept the underwear on though. We peed a couple of times afterwards in funny ways but I will tell you about that another time maybe. After all that holding I felt really close to Rob. It was more than I had shared with anyone in my life. I hadn't even gone that far on my own before. I felt emotional, tired and satisfied and all I wanted to do was be held close in his arms. For the rest of that night I was basically a soppy romantic wuss, but it was nice nonetheless.

