Working With Karen Part 7

31st July 2009, 12:56 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Karen and I walked into her bedroom. In her bedroom was a hudge king size bed along with a couple of nightstands, abig dresser,a small desk and chair set, and a big full length wall sized mirrior. The bed was not made up but had only just the sheets on it. Karen went over to the airconditioner in the window turned it on. I went over to the bed and laid down on it stretching right out on it.

I was ready to fall right to sleep but stayed awake long enough to hear Karen say she wuld be right back. She left the room for a short moment or two and came back carrying a plastic pail. Just in case I get sick I can puke in it she said to me. Or I or you can piss in it also. Karen set it down on her side of the bed and she got on the bed and stretched out with me. She left one small light on on the nightstand on her side of the bed. She had already turned off the main ceiling light in the bedroom.

We snuggled up to each other after a few minutes by myself I turned on my side while Karen turned on her side which put her bare ass right into my lower belly and crotch puting my semi erect penis right into her asscrack! I drapaed a arm over her body which Karen took my hand and cupped it right on her left breast and held it there. That is the way we both fell into deep sound sleep.

Some time durring the night I had moved and was on my back. My hand was still being held on Karens breast. I had breiefly woke thats why I knew I was this way. As I lay there awake just for those few moments I debated whether to get up out of bed or not. I had to piss. I didn't want to wake Karen who was sound asleep which I could tell by her steady soft breathing.

I turned on my sde facing her again like when we first fell asleep. Karen stirred slightly without waking up when I moved. After a few minutes more I fell back to sleep at least for a few hours more. The reason after the few hours of sleep Karen had woke up and I felt her move which made me wake up. Karen had suddenly moved that was why.

She got up from the bed slid the bucket over some and she stood over it. Then she let go with the hardest piss I had seen her do! Her piss was comming straight down out of her pussy with a massive head on the start of her stream. Since it was going straight down it wetted her pubic hair under her pussy which matted it creating two other streams of piss which also went straight down with her main stream.

At first all three of her streams drummed loudly in the empty plastic pail. Then as the botom of the pail was covered the loud drumming changed to a combination of drumming and splashing and then just splashing as her piss had covered the botom of the plastic pail. Karen was standing with her arms folded in front of her at first when she had started pissing but then she bent her knees slightly and placed her hands on her knees.

Her piss stream was quite yellow looking even in the fairly dim light from the light on her night stand. I spoke out to Karen . Boy you certainly are taking quite the piss. Oh your awake Karen said back to me. I didn't think you were. I felt you get out of bed I said back to Karen. Sorry I woke you then she said back to me. Well I'm glad that you did. I would have missed this! Karen let out a little giggle saying that I would have if I hadn't woken up.

I went on and told Karen that I had woken up earlier and almost got out of bed for the same reason she had gotten up now and was doing. Karen let out another litle giggle and asked me; Why didn't you? I told her that I didn't want to take the chance of aking her plus I was still real tired and I did fall right back to sleep. Karen still was pissing just as hard into the bucket at this moment.

So I got up from the bed and came around it and stood in front of Karen as she pissed into the bucket. Karen took quick notice that my cock was fully erect as I stood in front of her. For she commented that my cock was fully awake! I smied a little smile and told her it was for I had a morning woodie and it was from that I needed to piss. Can you wait till I'm done? Karen asked me. I told her that I could. Ladies always before gentlemen! I said back to her. Karen let out a louder and longer giggle.

Karen continuied pissing with her three streams into the bucket. I looked now down into the bucket and like I said her piss stream was quite yellow and the piss in the bucket looked very darl yellow due to the bucket being white. Plus the top of her piss was almost covered over by a very yellow piss foam that was not quite as dark yellow that her piss was.There were only three spots down in the bucket that was not foam. The three spots were where her streams were splashing in the piss in the plastice bucket.

Then Karens stream started to ease off which made the two streams that were comming off her matted wet pubic hair dissapear. Only her one stream now went on. It too had thinned out as far as the head of her stream it had narrowed gone into a twist and it now had begun to hiss.Karen knew her piss would be ending soon which she now reached over before it did and she took my erect cock in her right hand and she pointed it down at the pail. At the same time she told me she was almost done.

Several more seconds passed and Karens stream thinned more the hissing that it had been making stopped. Then her stream stopped and paused. Then Karen did a few dribbling spurts one after the other. Then that was it except some dripping of piss from her wet pubic hair. She told me go ahead. I gave a slight push for that was all that I needed to do to start my piss.

From the slit in my cocks head out came a wide headed yellow colored stream of piss that went into a very long twist that almost reached the level of piss in the pail. My piss splashed loudly and pushed Karens piss foam aside where my piss impacted her piss in the pail. I evenlet out a slight sigh which Karen smiled a ittle along with a little giggle. Feels that good? she asked me. I told her it did.

Karen had still been standing over the pail with her knees slightly bent withh her one hand on her kne as she held me with th other hand as I pissed. She now stood straight up and when she did this the hand that was holding my hard cock moved which made my cock raise up a little. My piss stream moved and it now began hiting above the level of the piss in the plastic pail drumming and splashing off from the side of it.

Karen let out a loud opps! and shoved my cock back down. The loud splashing resumed as my piss stream moved and went back into hitting the piss in the pail. I went on like Karen had done. I took a very long piss. Before I stopped Karen took her other jhand that was on her knee and she reached down to my balls and she gave them a gentle squeze with it. As she did this she asked me; Do you want to empty these too? I smiled with a big smile and she knew I did.

I then a few seconds later had stopped pissing by taking a puase. I did three real hard spurts and one very short spurt. Karen gave my cock its shakes which a drop or two came off when she shook it. She let go of it sat down on her bed and laid right out on her side. I stepped away from the piss pail and jined her on the bed laying on my side but in the oppisite direction.

I went right for her pussy with my tounge and mouth. She did the same going right for my rect cock with her mouth. WithKaren just taking that very dark yellow piss in the pail I could smell the strong oder of piss all over her pussy and when I licked her pussy and piss wet pubic hair I tasted her piss which was very slaty and bitter. That made it so much better! Karen was just as eager as I was to start. I felt her lips tighten right down on my cock and she was taking very long hard sucking strokes on it. All the way from the tip to the base of my shaft!

Both of us went quickly too. For in a matter of minutes we had enough of oral foreplay and we went right into eagerly screwing the shit out of each other! Good thing the air was on! It kept us two from overheating in our hard passonate lovemaking. As a result of going at such a frantic pace we both came quickly,hard, and completely. Both f us were exteremly satisfied too.

After we were done and we had snuggled up togther again afterwards Karen smileing aske me if my balls were now empty. I kissed her and then said they were. She kissed me back and said she was glad they were. We fell back to sleep and slept for a few hours and then we both woke up. We both took another piss into the plastic pail together at the same time this time. Both pisses were short but still nice to do.

Then after our second iss in teh palstic pail Karen told me to dump it out in the toilet. She went right out to the kitchen to start breakfast. I dumped our piss out from the plastic bucket into the toilet flushed the toilet and left the pail in the bathroom. I walked out to the kitchen and helped Karen make breakfast. We both weren't dressed yet. After all at least my clothes were still outside in the grass by the picnic table where they had been left last night. Karens piss wet shorts and red halter top were outside also still.

When our breakfast was finished being made along with strong coffee both of us went right outside had our breakfast sitting at the picnic table nude in the backyard. Both of u were quite hungry and wwe both demolished our breakfast. Then we had a second cup of coffee then a third. I and Karen were fully awake by this time and also both of us sitting there side by side at the picnic table sitting on the bench we both took another piss sitting there.

