Car

29th August 2020, 12:40 AM

Author: gg111

Location: earth (Sex: Male) Posts: 82

The black clouds opened and a late summer rain began to fall. The driver rolled up the windows.

“And now the rain comes down? That makes it so much worse!” moaned Laura from the back seat. The olive skinned beauty was leaning forward with her legs crossed. Deep brown wavy hair fell in front of her face.

“Yea, it’s like God knows I have to piss like a fucking horse and is rubbing it in.” added Kate, a full figured redheaded broad sitting next to her. She never minced words. “I wish I had your bladder.” she said towards the girl in the front passenger seat. Gretchen was a stunning natural blonde with soft blue eyes and a bombshell figure. With her germanic features and heavy curves, she wouldn’t have looked out of place serving tables in a bavarian biergarten two hundred years ago. She also had a reputation for being able to “rent” her beer much longer than her friends, and when she finally did “return” the beer, it was a loud, lengthy process.

She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. “Well even I have my limits.” she said, smiling and putting a light hand on the driver’s arm.

Laura was biting her lip. “Can you guys see where it ends?” referring to the long line of cars jammed together on the highway. The traffic was steady stop and go, but only a few feet at a time, and the driver, who was also Gretchen’s boyfriend, looking ahead, reported that there was no end in site. They had hit the traffic not long after getting onto the highway, which was only a small, two lane road. Normally the flow of cars was swift, except that the dark, heavy clouds caused practically everyone on the beach to leave at the same time, just like they had. They had been stuck in this snail’s pace for so long that their bathing suits had already dried.

Kate squirmed in her seat like she was trying to smother out a fire. “Any fucking time you wanna drive around this shit is fine by me.”

But there wasn’t enough space for that kind of maneuver. There wasnt even a breakdown lane, just a strip of a few feet of grass along the side of the road.

Behind them was a doorless jeep occupied by men their age. Two of them jumped out, casually walked over to the side of the road, and began to relieve themselves.

All three girls gave a collective “Ugh.”

“So unfair, I wish we could do that.” said Laura.

The traffic began to move more steadily now.

“Well I don’t know about you,” said Gretchen, watching the men who were still urinating start shuffling along in order to keep up with their jeep, “But I can’t do THAT while squatting.”

Kate rolled down her window. “Hey assholes! If you’re gonna do that, at least turn around so we can see your dicks!”

One of the men looked back and blew her a kiss. “Well he’s cute,” she said, unconsciously touching a lock of soft red hair, “but still an asshole.”

The rain started to come down harder as the men returned to their jeep.

“I...I can’t wait much longer...” said Laura, looking around the car with panic in her voice. She picked up the large beach bag from the floor and started digging through it, tossing items onto the seat between her and Kate, who lifted up a large, fluffy beach towel for Gretchen to see. “Im gonna piss on your towel.” said the redhead.

“Please don’t.”

Laura pulled something out of the bottom of the bag: a large, empty, wide- mouthed plastic cup.

Kate lit up like it was the Holy Grail. “I get next, hurry up!” she said, jamming two hands into her crotch.

“Im sorry everyone, I can’t wait,” Laura said, half standing and reaching at her bikini bottom, “Please don’t look.”

“Yea, like I’ve never seen your bush before, just hurry the fuck up.”

The brunette pulled her bikini down to her knees and placed the mouth of the cup as close to her crotch as she could get. With a gasp she released a hard stream into the bottom of the cup that resolated with every splatter. “Oh my god this is so embarring, I’m so sorry!” she said over the noise.

The car lurched forward in the traffic and her stream briefly jumped over the edge of the cup onto the floor. The driver apologized.

There was a long pause where no one said anything and the only sound was Laura’s heavy stream pouring into the cup. Gretchen turned on the radio.

Kate was bouncing up and down in her seat. “Are you almost done?”

“Um...” it didnt sound like she was almost done. “Is there another cup in there?”

“Jesus, really?”

Kate halfheartedly looked through the bag with one hand while she sat on her other hand. “No, that’s it.”

“It’s almost at the top,” Laura squealed. Her unbroken stream was slashing into the deep collection of spent urine and the level was climbing. “What do I do what do I do?”

Gretchen looked back at her, “Stop, empty it out the window, and then you can keep going.”

“I don’t know if I can stop it...” Laura was panicking again, the urine level was almost to the brim. She closed her eyes and grimaced in concentration. The steady stream thinned and finally broke.

“Oh shit, you should have rolled down the window first. Sorry.” said Gretchen with a chuckle.

With her face still scrunched Laura hit the button to roll down the window. Small drops of urine were escaping her lady bits and falling into her bikini between her knees.

She shoved the full cup out the window, harder than she meant to. The weighted object slipped out of her hand and rattled onto the road behind them.

“You dumb bitch!” yelled Kate, but Laura wasn’t listening. She was whimpering as she pissed uncontrollably through her hands.

Gretchen reached back and threw her beach towel at the poor girl. “Here.” she said, stifling a laugh. She was the kind of person who knew that in the grand scheme of things, peeing yourself wasn’t that big of a deal.

Laura took the towel, hastily bunched it up, and sat on it. There was a muffled roar as she urinated forcefully into the soft, thick fabric.

“Fuck this, I’m pissing out the window.” Kate announced.

She let down the shoulder straps of her one piece bathing suit. “I hope you like boobs,” she said as her enormous knockers with big pink areolas spilled out. Then she swung her large pale rump out the window. A comically broad ribbon of piss gushed out of her plump, red-haired pussy, and pounded against the outside of the door. It sounded like they were at the car wash.

From the jeep behind them the men cheered and whistled at the show. Kate awkwardly stuck a hand out the window and flipped them off. “Fuck you! You’ll never get this!” she said as she slapped a huge cheek. “Well, maybe YOU can.” she added, likely referring to the one who had blown her a kiss earlier.

“I think I’m almost done.” Laura said sheepishly. The beach towel was saturated. “I’ll buy you a new one, I promise.”

“Don’t worry about it.” said Gretchen, shifting in her seat again, “It’s just water.”

“Water and wine coolers and iced coffee.” added Kate, still blasting a thunderous stream out the window. Her heavy breasts swung back and forth in the slow moving traffic, but she wasn’t the least bit self conscious. “Oh, turn it up, I love this song!”

Kate sang along badly and continued pissing like horse for the next minute, ending right when the song did. She pulled her bathing suit up and plopped back into her seat with a loud sigh. “Fuck, that was almost as good as coming.” She leaned forward towards Gretchen. “How are you doing? Are you gonna make it? Or are you gonna have to take a piss break like us normal people?”

Gretchen shifted and recrossed her legs. “I don’t know...I might have to decide pretty soon.”

Her boyfriend put a reassuring hand on her thigh.

For the next half hour they all talked and joked and fought over the radio. The traffic was beginning to clear up, but Gretchen was becoming more and more fidgety in her seat.

Eventually the traffic jam ended as they passed a line of cars backed up at a major exit. The driver brought the car up to proper highway speed.

“You better floor it,” said Kate “If you don’t want your girlfriend to piss on your car.”

“It’s ok, I can hold it.” Gretchen said to her boyfriend. It was now less than half an hour till they would be home, but she was practically dancing in her seat. She looked out the window intensely.

Another ten minutes went by and she was squirming and breathing heavily, her deep blue eyes swimming.

“I can’t wait...” She gestured out her window towards a small grassy clearing. “Tom, pull over. Now!”

The car swerved into a breakdown lane towards the grass and came to a stop.

As Gretchen fumbled with her seatbelt, her boyfriend leaned over and with a long arm pushed her door open for her.

“Thanks.” she said breathlessly, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. Unbuckled, she swung her legs out the door and scooted her derriere to the edge of the seat. Gasping, she yanked aside the crotch of her bikini and unleashed a thick unbroken jet directly into the grass.

Kate leaned out the window. “Damn, girl!”

The boyfriend got out and walked around to Gretchen’s side of the car, stopping in front of her. With his back to her, he unzipped, relieving himself and providing something of a privacy screen for her at the same time.

Kate leaned further out the window to get a peek at his member. “Hey! Can I have that thing when you’re done with it?” she called out.

Gretchen scoffed “Get your own.” She continued to piss furiously.

Her boyfriend zipped back up and turned around to face her, joking with her about her impressive stream.

A mighty torrent was rushing out of her. The thick stream had so much force and volume behind it that it was digging a hole into the dirt and creating a little pool.

Her eyes were closed and she was enjoying the moment. She looked so peaceful and contented. So beautiful.

Her powerful stream stormed into the little pool, churning and frothing the waters.

“I’m bored. Can we go yet? called Kate.

“Just give me another minute,” Gretchen said, looking between her legs, admiring her body as the thick jet blasted almost violently from her pink bits. She smiled. “Or two.”

She had guessed correctly. After two minutes her stream began to lose power. She finished up with several long spurts, the last of which had a thick, arcing, five second flourish. When everyone was back in the car, her boyfriend said something in her ear and she giggled. The rest of the drive was uneventful.

As the group of friends shuffled back into Gretchen’s house, Laura, still a little shaken from her ordeal, said “Can I use your shower?”

“Sure. Fine.” replied Gretchen, not really paying attention. She and her boyfriend were stealing away towards her bedroom, hand in hand.

“What do we wanna do for dinner?” Kate called after them.

“Figure it out.” Gretchen called back, giggling.

