Felice by Kimber

7th February 2007, 12:48 PM

Author: KeeKat

Location: illinois (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 692

Felice lived with a girl named Donna. Donna is not her real name, it is just a name I shall go by here.

Felice is not normal. She has a problem. Ever since last may when she moved in I've really got to know more about her than I should have. Most people would call this TMI, but it interests me now, as in a strange way what she is doing. I've come to ask the people who involve in this sort of behavior, to explain this, and to help me understand. I cannot just ask her things like «Uh excuse me, but why is it I've never in almost 7 months heard you flush the toilet?» Or ask, «hey ummm did you make the big puddle on the kitchen floor» ?

I'd like to share these things I have seen,

I know that maybe I should just go ahead and ask, but it just wouldn't seem right. After a month or so I realized the thing about her boycotting the toilet. I sometimes heard liquid poured coming from her bedroom, and at first was like «oh well who doesn't do that once in a while»

Then I started noticing that sweaty-pissy-sex-stink smell in the laundry room. As if those three odors could be combined and come from any other source. Do you know what I'm talking about?

I've seen puddles on the patio that were obviously urine. Well more often than not it happens. And then to see this woman start spraying for the first time, was a shock and I have to admit, a turn-on now.

She goes out for a smoke and will just sit on the lawn chair and spray piss all over. I started watching from my window when I hear her go outside. I've witnessed this now several times. With my window open I can even hear it. So many times I'll be laying in bed and I'll hear the sliding door open. I'll jump up and peek through the slats in the blinds to see her scootch forward and lean back, light up a smoke, then rub herself a bit then spray forcefully forward all over the patio... I have to admit, this is a bit much. Don't you think? To not warrant my own hand from sliding down into my panties and secretly mutually masturbate watching this?

Do you have any idea how much restraint it has, not to say something to her about this? If by saying something, would that cause her to stop? I don't want that. And if I did, would she freak and move out? I need the income too, really.

I have begun to retire to my bedroom early as of late, and study and view these nocturnal pissings.

She does it mostly after she's been drinking, mostly late at night, tho on occasions she'll nip out for a quick piss in the yard or on the patio. One evening she had gone out in the yard, I went to the door and waited and watched as she, wearing a skirt, walked to the mailbox, open it and look through the items, and I watched as she stood there and spread her legs a bit apart. She was standing on the sidewalk and cars were driving past her. I looked at her feet and saw a dark puddle forming. There was a bright line gushing from between her legs and splattering on the cement illuminated by the yard lights,. I could even see the droplets from the splash rise up in the air.

She stood motionless other than thumbing through the magazine for about 40 seconds. Felice looked down at her puddle, and came back to the house. I would think she'd have been showing signs of embarrassment or something, walking past me after knowing I'd most likely seen what she had just done. No, not even a pink blush on those round cheeks to betray a secret. She walked nonchalantly to the kitchen. I walked behind her and saw there was a wet drop every few yards or so, on the tile floor. I don't know why I did it, but I stepped onto each one on purpose, soaking up Felice's peedrops with my socks.

So it's gone from me being shocked and angry at first, then confused, interested, and curious, then now turned on, and full-blown participation, since I'd stepped in it.

July 5 2002

We'd sat there drinking wine coolers, and waiting for the fireworks in the park.

We'd sat there in our lawnchairs for at least an hour, as we had gotten there early to get good spots. We talked about men and their penises, and the subject then moved to «how neat it would be to be a man with a penis and to be able to piss standing up just about anywhere». Surprisingly, it was I who had brought it up. See for several months I'd been watching her secretly piss, and I have to admit the desire to make my own puddle now. The alcohol was working, and I just felt brave enough to say this. And her reaction? She just said «yeah that would be cool», and left it at that. I had hoped it would bring about a discussion, but it did not. As I felt too shy then about saying any more.

Several drinks later, I thought maybe if I did something, she would notice, and that would show her I am getting into this too.

Toward the end of the fireworks I scooted forward in my chair and pulled the back of my skirt up. I was feeling brave and bold with an urge to urinate. I reached down and slid my pantees crotch to the side and tried to piss right there. No one would be looking, except maybe hopefully Felice. I sat there and tried to relax enough to do this, but was finding it impossible. My heart was pounding and I felt this euphoric rush run through me several times. In the middle of the last rush I felt a tingling, and then a tiny hot trickle dribble from me, and then the grand finale started, and startled me and the trickle stopped abruptly. I just gave up there because the fireworks were lighting everything and I didn't want the families around me to see this, if I do manage to really piss there.

On the way to the car we saw those icky portapotties had long lines awaiting, and I said I had to pee bad. We just kept walking tho, got in the car and drove home. I wondered why she isn't responding to my hints about this. I'd so hoped she'd say «oh lets go pee together in the bushes over there», but she didn't. We got home and I barely made it to the toilet without an accident. I got in there and gushed and gushed.

As I sat there I kept fantasizing about Felice coming in and holding her crotch and saying «hurry hurry". I'd sit there and pee and pee for like 5 minutes and then she would either wet herself, or pee in the tub, or in the sink… or just piss all over the floor…all of these things were thought of as I was sitting there on the toilet.

When I got out I went out on the patio to find her sitting there having another drink. I sort of glanced around, looking to see if there were any puddles. I didn't see any. So maybe she still had to piss, or maybe she'd gone in the grass. I couldn't keep my mind off these thoughts and I was obviously acting distracted. Our conversation ranged from books to how we should plant next years garden.

We didn't discuss pissing at all that night, tho I kept wanting to bring it up again, I didn't….

