Watching her pee in her own bathroom!

11th March 2007, 04:42 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

Rachel needed 2 thinngs more than anything right now; a) sex - she'd finished with her boyfriend 6 weeks earlier and was going up the wall with sexual tension and b) a plumber - her shower had been leaking for over a week now. Following a look on the internet and a quick phone call, need number 2 was already in hand - the plumber was due at her flat this afternoon.

She couldn't help doing herself up a bit. She knew - knowing her luck - it would probably be some old fat bloke, but you never knew! The plumbers weren't able to give a precise time for the visit - beyond "this afternoon" - so she'd taken the afternoon off work and had been sitting around drinking coffee for over 2 hours now, occasionally glancing up at the kitchen clock. She was getting impatient - made worse by the fact that her bladder was starting to complain about the multiple coffees - when she heard her door bell ring.

Tidying her hair and smoothing down her business suit, she made her way to the front door and opened it - to reveal...a male model! Well, actually it was the plumber, but in her sexually deprived condition, Dave looked pretty tasty to her! About 30 with tanned skin and his overall opened at the front revealing a crisp white T-shirt, Dave smiled as Rachel led him to the bathroom, giggling, and telling him he was her knight in shining armour!

Looking at the shower, Dave could see straightaway what the problem was. It had been put in by Rachel's ex using second hand pipes and connectors, all of which were now leaking all over the place.

"Your shower unit's OK, but I'm going to have to change alot of these bits" explained Dave, pointing them out to Rachel.

"OK, whatever needs to be done" she replied smiling. "I'll leave you to it. Would you like a coffee or tea?"

"I'll have one when I'm finished if that's OK, I may get mucky doing this!"

With that, Rachel walked back to the kitchen, smiling from ear to ear. Dave was cute, she thought, and as she sat finishing her fifth mug of coffee, she started day-dreaming about what she would do with him if they ever shared that shower!

A few minutes later she was brought back to reality by a clang as Dave came in the front door, carrying some copper piping he'd got from the van. She also became acutely aware of a need to pee. The coffee and fruit jiuce was streaming into her bladder and she could feel the pressure build almost by the second. But the only toilet in the flat was where Dave was currently working, and she felt too embaressed to ask him to stand outside the door while she emptied herself!

So, she sat in the kitchen, trying to stem the flow by crossing her legs and pressing her crotch with her hand. But it was getting hopeless. She stood up, bent double with discomfort, her left hand firmly wedged between her legs.

Finally, after 10 more minutes of squirmiing, she faced up to the inevitable and walked sheepishly to the bathroom where Dave was working, still with her hand between her legs.

"Sorry Dave" she said as she arrived at the bathroom door, "I need to use the loo, is that OK?"

Dave looked round, and Rachel's heart missed a beat. He'd fully unzipped the top of his overalls and it was hanging from his waste. It revealed his T-shirt clad torso, slightly wet with sweat in the hot summer air. "Wow!" thought Rachel inwardly, as her horniness started to compete with her need to pee!

"That's fine, I'll just wait outside." said Dave with a smile.

Now, Rachel didn't know WHAT made her say what she said next - apart from the hormones raging round her body, and a general sense of daring, but...

"No, it's OK you can carry on working, I'll just sit here and pee."

"Pardon?" said Dave astonished.

Rachel decided to plough on before she lost her nerve. Her heart was pumping hard, partly from the adrenalin at her boldness, but also from released sexual arousal.

"You can stay in here while I pee, I don't mind."

Dave watched open mouthed as Rachel stood in front of the toilet, lifted her smart business skirt above her waist, lowered her panties and sat down. She opened her legs wide, and sat far back on the seat, wanting Dave to be able to see everything.

But Dave didn't know WHERE to look. Whilst the urge to watch Rachel pee was almost irresistable, the gentleman in him made him look away at this point. But Rachel was on a mission now. A mission to where, she wasn't quite sure, but she was driven now by hormones and pure lust. She managed to hold back the flow a few seconds more - she wanted to be sure Dave saw the whole thing.

"Watch me pee" she said simply. Then added: "stand there and talk to me", pointing to a spot in front of her.

Standing there was going to be easier said than done though. He was sitting on the edge of the bath, and knew that his penis was already swelling rapidly at the sight in front of him. But then he thought "what the hell, she's leading all this" and stood up. Under his overalls, he was wearing boxers which were no match for his rapidly enlarging penis, and a huge bulge was pressing the front of his overall bottoms.

"Nice!" said Rachel with a wicked smile. And then, she let go.

She knew her bladder was full, but the strength of the flow surprised even Rachel! It thundered into the water in the toilet, bursting from between her lips like a water cannon at a street riot! Dave now felt as overwhelmed with sexual lust as Rachel, and pulled his stiff penis out within seconds. Rachel - still pissing forcefully - pulled Dave towards her, took hold of his left hand and thrust it between her legs.

"Feel me, feel my piss, you bastard" she screamed.

Dave felt the warm - no HOT - liquid streaming past his hand. He rubbed her pussy as she pulled him towards her kissing him forcefully, thrusting her tongue inside his mouth. She reached down to where his hand was and started to rub her clitoris furiously, while he pushed 3 fingers inside her pulsating vagina. Both their hands were getting drenched with piss, and it was splashing everywhere, but neither of them cared!

Rachel swapped her hands, and with the piss drenched hand, took hold of Dave's huge and rock hard penis, coating it with her champagne as she rubbed it.

Finally, her stream slowed, and she pushed Dave's face away, took hold of his penis with one hand, while her other stayed between her legs, bringing herself closer and closer to orgasm. She took his engorged member into her mouth, sucking and rubbing madly. She could taste her own salty piss on his thrusting cock, and then, as Dave's body tensed, it was joined by the taste of his hot creamy cum as it squirted down her throat. Overwhelmed now, Rachel let herself cum, her body spasming as the last drops of pee left her.

Dave did eventually fix the shower pipes. He had to really. Beacuse that day, he left his flat and moved in with Rachel!

