Next story

17th February 2010, 04:17 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

For you that did not go out and read the sprinkles page, I am posting my next story.

Amusement Park

The amusement park was nothing special, big enough to draw visitors from nearby states in the summer months, but never overly crowded even during the busy season. Living in the same town meant that you bought a yearly pass deal and could visit almost anytime.

Sabrina had just turned 14 and her present was a new cell phone. Her parent felt she was growing up enough to have one and were trying to entrust her to handle situations on her own. Her Mother had decided to drop her off at the park and secretly follow her for part of the day.

It had been rather quiet... Kelly, Sabrina's Mom, had been doing a good job of staying hidden while still keeping an eye on her young daughter. It had been almost four hours of hidden following; she had decided that one more hour would be sufficient. Surveillance meant that it had also been four hours with no bathroom break... Kelly was beginning to feel the uncomfortable pressure in her bladder. Whatever had possessed her to buy that 52 Oz. free refill drink, she regretted it completely.

Sabrina had just started into line for one of the coasters. Kelly knew this would give her a few minutes to dash off to the restroom. She checked her map to confirm the nearest ones, right by the food court. Doing her best not to be seen by her daughter and mask the painful urge in her bladder, she made a beeline for the bathroom. Her heart sank as she got closer.

A large crowd of women were gathered around the entrance, nothing too unusual, the lines were sometimes long but moved fairly smoothly. Then she saw the signs, the bathroom was blocked! Kelly decided panic was not going to help, so checking her map she scanned for next set of facilities. Her heart sank again and panic set in anyway... it would be at least a 10 min hike to the next restroom.

She began to survey her options. "Pardon, what's going on?"

"It seems that a rather large woman has passed out from unknown causes. The paramedics are on the way, but they can't move her till they get here, bathroom is off limits till who knows when." Answered a woman near her, no luck there. Kelly checked her watch, then her bladder... still holding but not for the 10 minutes it would take to get to another toilet. Beyond that, if she went that far she would lose track of her daughter. She had no choice, she needed to find relief.

She started slowly back the direction she had come from; her eyes had a different sight now. She was scanning for safety and seclusion. "No not there, maybe there... no too visible from the side. Uuuhhnnn...," she groaned with her need. She had almost made it back to the coaster when she saw salvation. On the side of a building was a stack of fiberglass boxes, making it look like a delivery entrance was down the alley between two buildings. She verified on the map it was a dead end.

She trotted as fast she could to her makeshift heaven. The excitement and anticipation were enough to make her relax a little... a little too much! She felt the warmth spread just a bit, it had only been a squirt. Any longer would have spelt trouble. She ducked behind the boxes and fumbled with the button and zipper on her jeans, her legs were set, so in a single motion her jeans and panties were at her knees and her rear hovered from her squat to the ground.

Not a moment passed; the flow was fast and golden yellow. "All that soda...," she remarked. Kelly watched as the puddle grew and trickled away. The fast flow had calmed and was now a trickle as well but she knew that it was nowhere near gone.

"'Xcuse Me?"

Kelly froze, her muscles clenched tight.

"Terrible sorry to startle you... May I join you?"

Kelly turned slowly to see a fairly athletic built British women peering around the boxes at her.

"What?" Was all she could muster for an answer.

"The trouble with the loo over there... Looks like we found the same spot. I'm dying for a slash. May I?"

"Oh. OH!! OHSURE!"

The strange woman came around and stood in front of Kelly where she was squatting. This surprised Kelly and she made to hide her muff.

Kelly had been toying with the idea of shaving to surprise her husband. She also found that the amount of hair she had was sometimes uncomfortable, often getting caught in elastic of her panties and getting yanked. She had done a very modest trim job, nothing like a swimmer or porn star. Kelly watched as the Brit fought her jeans and panties, she could not help watching... it WAS right at eye level.

As the woman squatted, Kelly got a good view... her embarrassment washed away. This woman had three times the hair she had before trimming! The stranger let out a deep sigh and the floodgate broke. Kelly swore there had to be a fire hose in that mass of hair... then it increased in volume.

"Were you done, Sis?"

Kelly broke her stare and looked at the woman directly as her face went flush.

"Sorry I-I didn't... I didn't mean to~"

"No worries, Sis. Can't say I don't watch too." She said with a smile.

Kelly relaxed and started to pee again, steady and even; her now companion gave a few small squirts and appeared to be done. She fumbled through her purse and removed a pack of tissues. Taking one she wiped twice and tossed it over her shoulder before standing and replacing her garments.

"You need one?" The Brit inquired.

"Huh? Oh, please."

"Here, keep the pack. I got more, nev'r know when you need one again."

"Thanks." Kelly replied.

The woman responded, "Well I'm goin' nick off, cheers."

"Bye."

As the woman vanished, Kelly had finally finished. She took a tissue and wiped, but held on to it to dispose of it in a can. She checked her watch and panic returned, she would lose track of Sabrina! With fastidious movement she re-appropriated her clothes and made a dash for her hiding spot. Scanning the area there was no sign of her daughter. She held her position, with a keen eye on ride's exit... Ten minutes passed with no change.

She had failed. Her emergency had cost her the mission. Kelly sat in thought, and then it struck her! If she called her daughter to check on her she could find out where she was without arousing suspicion. She dug out her phone and scrolled through the list for Sabrina's number.

"Hey Mom."

"Hi Hon, how's it going?"

"I'M FINE, stop worrying. Besides I made a new friend. I'll introduce you to her when you pick me up."

"Oh that's great, what's her name?"

"Caitlen... Oh, gotta go Mom, our food's here. Later."

"Bye."

She was at the food court... then reality came to bear on her mind. Sabrina passed right by her while she was relieving herself in the alley! If she had been seen she would not only have been busted, but how would she explain the situation... peeing in public; with a stranger none the less! Kelly felt light-headed; it was time to call it a day.

Gathering herself, she checked the map to find a route far around the food court back to the entrance. There were no further incidents and once she was safely in the car she decided she would do some shopping at the nearby mall until time to come back for Sabrina.

Next time...

