Tammy and Scott Chapter Five

19th September 2012, 10:31 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

It was only three o'clock in the afternoon when Scott left us at the park but we decided we had rather play than do yard work anyway. We casually got up and strolled back to the truck. There weren't many people in the park at that time so I don't think anyone noticed our wet condition. When we got back to the trunk Tammy pulled off were wet shorts and through them in the back. She looked so sexy standing there in broad daylight in the middle of a public parking lot in nothing but her wet white panties and a thin blue sleeveless top. That was all she wore as we left the park.

«I don't want to go home yet» Tammy said. I ask her what she had in mind and she said since we had skipped lunch we should go through a drive through. I looked at her and realized anyone at a drive through window would get a great view of her panties and tan legs. With a twinkle in my eye I readily agreed. I was already excided seeing her this way. Now, realizing she was willing to expose herself to a stranger dressed like that was making me even hornier.

We grinned at each other when a male voice took our order at the drive through but I was somewhat disappointed when a female appeared at the window to give us our order. Tammy was a little embarrassed when the girl took the money from me. She had the money in her hand before she noticed Tammy's lack of clothing. She looked at Tammy curiously. Tammy gave her a sheepish smile and told her she had a little accident. The girl's smile was almost evil when she responded. «Happens to me all the time» she said. That set my wheels to turning as I instantly imagined her taking and filling orders while wetting her pants.

The girl took our money and disappeared. I was pleasantly aroused when a man came back to the window to finish our order. Because of his different colored shirt I think he was a manager. The girl must have told him about Tammy. It was funny to watch him. He was making small talk as he kept glancing at Tammy's panties without trying to be too obvious about it. It surprised me when Tammy slightly turned in his direction giving him a better view of her wet panty covered crotch. He actually stammered in the middle of a sentence when she did this. He looked relieved when I laughed and said, «I know how you feel. She makes me stutter to.» He gave a nervous laugh and turned away to get our food.

I noticed Tammy spreading her legs a little more while his back was turned. When he turned back to hand us our food he nearly dropped it. Tammy's bush is neatly trimmed but very thick. You could actually see it through the wet panties and she was peeing more right in the truck seat. Our dog rides with us most of the time so I have water proof seat covers and her pee was ponding up between her legs. I took the food and drove away. As soon as I could get organized I began rubbing Tammy's pussy through her panties. I was so turned on.

Tammy was too. She has always been a slight exhibitionist. She has always been turned on by giving some lucky man an accidental glimpse of her panties now and then. Remember, this is what got her started with Scott. Now, however; she has taken it to a whole new level. Not only did the guy at the drive through see her wet panties, but, she pissed into them while he was looking. God I wanted to make love to her right then. «Will you do something for me?» She asks. «Yes honey, anything. You name it.» I responded. She said «Will you wet your pants in front of someone for me?»

My pants were nearly dry from earlier and I knew the faded denim would show the wetness bad but I didn't care. Right at the time I would have done anything she asks. «I would love that» I answered. «I'm busting to go again anyway. She said since she probably shouldn't get out of the truck dressed as she was, I should stop and get gas. I could do it there. The only thing was... it had to be in front of a female. «That's fine with me» I said.

I pulled in at the next station and really was getting a little desperate

. Unfortunately for me there were no other vehicles or people in the parking lot. We parked briefly in the edge of the parking lot waiting for a female driver to show up. Luckily it wasn't long till a car pulled up to the gas pump. The driver was male but there was a 30sh looking female in the passenger seat. I pulled on up to the pumps and parked so I was on her side of their car. I was beginning to fidget some while put in the card then removed the nozzle and started the pump.

I actually leaked some into my underwear before I meant to, but I really needed to piss. I waited till the lady looked in my direction. I then caught Tammy's eye and let go. I didn't even try to hold back, just casually leaned on the pump and piss myself. Things seem to go in slow motion as I took in my surroundings. I could tell by Tammy's reaction she was really enjoying it. I saw a slight movement in her right arm that told me she was playing with herself. The man didn't pay any attention to me at all. I started to get hard as my bladder emptied and the pee poured into my pants.

I could feel it running down my legs and into my boots, soaking my socks also. I looked to see if the lady was paying any attention to me. She was staring intently at my ever darkening crotch. I was glad when I could detect no disgust but only amazement. Finally she looked from my crotch to my face. I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. She smiled back and looked again it my wet pants. Her man went in to pay for his gas and I stopped my pump. (both of them. Lol) she never did say anything but Tammy said the lady smiled and nodded to her as we were leaving.

We went straight home and made love the rest of the evening talking about and reliving the day's events. We kept our wet underwear on, rewetting them time and again through the night. We talked in detail about our future with Scott and future public wettings. We also talked about Tammy's future panty exhibitions.

