T and her favourite waiter

18th June 2011, 08:57 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

After our day on the beach we went out for the evening to our usual Tapas Bar in Arroyo.

We arrived just before 9.00pm and were greeted with a big smile from our favourite waiter, a handshake for me and a kiss on both cheeks for T. although the smile was probably more for T than myself, lol. We were unable to sit at our secluded table as two women were there with half a bottle of wine.

We ordered a bottle of wine and some Tapas. We sat talking and laughing for around 45 minutes, then the two women at the secluded table asked for their bill.

When they had paid the waiter looked at us and pointed at the table, we nodded our heads and he took our drinks and plates over and we sat in our usual positions with T facing me but slightly to one side of the table.

Within ten minutes T had one foot up on my chair. She was wearing a white fairly low cut summer top and a blue semi flaired summer skirt that came up to her knees. With her foot on my chair her skirt was halfway up her thighs and I could see that she was wearing a pink pair of panties that were quite skimpy and see through.

The waiter came over when he saw that we had finished our bottle of wine, he stood behind me as usual so that he could look up T's skirt. he asked if we would like another bottle and T said we would like some more Tapas. Then she reached forward to get the menu from the table and as she did her legs opened wide exposing her lovely suntanned thighs and a nice view of her pubes through her see through panties.

When the waiter went to get the wine T put her other foot on the other side of my chair and her skirt was now well over halfway up her thighs. He returned with the wine and stood behind me again and he opened the bottle and leant forward pouring some into our glasses. he said that the Tapas would be a few minutes and he begun to engage us in conversation, all the while standing behind me looking at T obviously.

He said something that was amusing and when we laughed T leant forward and picked up her glass of wine, while doing so she parted her legs wide, we could now see that her panties was actually a thong and it was riding right up inside her vulva exposing everything but her vagina. Whilst drinking from her glass she did not put her legs back together, she kept them well apart so that we had a really nice clear view.

The waiter then said that the Tapas should be ready and off he went to get it. While he was gone T slid her butt forward a little in her chair so that her skirt was not directly under her bum. She then said to me, I am going to let go a little pee when he returns, we both giggled.

He returned with two plates and he served us from the side this time, but then he moved round slightly so that he was able to look up T's skirt again. When she knew he could see she did let go a little pee and it made her panties wet and it trickled a little under her butt onto her chair. His face was an absolute picture, this was another time when I wished I had a camera.

T said whoops, I had better go to the bathroom. As she went to get up she let quite a bit more go and it made her chair wet and her piss was now dripping onto the floor. She looked between her legs and said, too late I think.

We then watched her slide one hand up one side of her skirt and she slid her panties down a little, then she put her other hand up the other side and did the same. Then with one quick skillfull move, they were off. To the waiters credit he took some paper napkins from the holder and handed them to T. She had a quick little wipe and put the wet napkins on the table and she smiled and said thank you, sorry about the mess. He just said it's OK you just spilled some wine. To which T and I laughed.

T then came out with a very amusing quip. She said to the waiter, do you work here for the views? To which he replied after a few seconds, this evening the views are good, we all laughed quitely, it was the way he said it whilst looking up her skirt that made it funny. He then said I shall have to go, if you need anything else just let me know.

For the next half hour or so he came back a few times for a quick chat and asked if we needed anything, always standing where he could get a good view of course, lol.

The table that we occupy is very secluded and it is more or less in the corner, but there is a little alcove behind where I sat. Right in the corner of the alcove is a drainpipe with a small drain. T said that she would really have to piss soon as she was bursting but she was going to pee over the drain and that she wanted the waiter to catch her doing it.

When it started to quieten down later in the evening the waiter talked with us more and more and we had a few good laughs with him. he was standing beside me and T had her legs open very clearly exposing everything between them.

She said I really need to pee, the waiter was about to say something and T just got up and went behind my chair. She lifted her skirt right up over her waist and leaned against the wall behind her. She parted her legs as wide as she could, she squatted low over the drain, so that we had a really great view. I had already turned in my chair and the waiter had turned and looked at her. T then looked back at us both and she started to piss right there in front of us.

She really did want to go badly as she was there for well over a minute pissing. She asked the waiter for some more of the paper towels and he got some and handed them to her. She wiped herself and then stood up and said, I really needed that.

The waiter was shaking his head and said, you two are my best customers, we all laughed really loudly at his comment. T then said, you enjoy it, and we do also so no harm done.

T sat back down and I asked for the bill. We got up to leave and he shook hands with me and kissed T on both cheeks and said come back soon, your table that has a great view will always be here for you. We told him that we were going home the following day, but we would probably be back later in the year and we would come back so T could tease him again. he laughed at that and said he would look forward to it.

We decided to walk back to the apartment and on the way I said to her. You really are a big tease you know. She said I know I am but I do really enjoy watching you and other men pee and being watched whilst having a pee.

