Caught wet handed at the pool

27th May 2008, 01:14 AM

Author: pool_boi_70

Location: Illinois Chicago (Sex: Male) Posts: 54

Caught in the act

This happened a few weeks ago I was staying at a high end hotel in South Beach, Miami. I was at the pool and had been keeping my eye on this great looking woman in her late 20s wearing a really tiny thong swim suit. She had a couple of girlfriends also wearing some very tiny suits with her and I saw they had been knocking back quite a few drinks while soaking up the sun. I overheard them order long island iced teas, so I knew these 3 girls were well on their way to some fun. I was 3-4 chairs away from them also enjoying the hot sun and workin on my tan as well. You see, I too am into wearing very minimal swimwear from such places as Koala Swimwear. Sorry ladies if you don't think guys should be wearing the absolute minimal string thongs but I am fit and love to show off.

The 3 girls, after finishing the round of drinks all headed into the pool and as they came right in front of my chair, the one girl I had my eye on smiled at me and I smiled back as they got into the pool. Shorly I headed into the pool myself as even though I had been staying quite hydrated with beverages, it was still very hot. I did not stay in for long and got out, them headed to the bar to get another drink. As I was standing in line, wearing my skimpy thong, the cute woman I had my eye on came up behind me. I offered her a Long Island Iced Tea and it must have taken her by surprise that I knew what she was drinking.

She accepted and as we were waiting for the slow bartender, we talked as best we could as both of us had obviously been well served. As she was standing talking to me I kept looking down at here absolutly minimal swimsuit and noticed that she was dripping a bit more that would be expected from being out of the pool for now 5 or more minutes, as well as there was a good side puddle on the already wet concrete. I knew what she was up to and I could feel that my swimsuit already was having trouble containing my excitement as there is just minimal room.

I wispered in her ear, I see you are still dripping. She wispered back that she could not hold it any longer and was trying to pee slowly enough not to get caught and was I upset. As she glaced down at my swimsuit, she answered her own question that I was very turned on by a girl being so bold. I wispered back to her that while she was caught, she was not the only one of us that was guilty of adding water to the sidewalk. I said I too had slowly peed as soon as I noticed what she was up to. She too found public peeing stimulating as her swim suit top could not contain the evidence.

We continued to talk and as my excitment declined, I began peeing my suit some more as she was standing right next to me. Her hand was on my leg and noticed the warm flow down my leg but did not move her hand. I moved my hand to her leg and also felt the warm pee flow as well. Here were two people peeing in line wile ordering their long island iced teas. We took our drinks ( actually doubles) and she and I walked back to our lounge chairs where she invited me to join her 2 friends. We said nothing of our little wet adventure.

As the sun went down, I suggested that the 4 of us perhaps go for drinks ( like we needed more) and dinner then off to some dance. It was unanimous and we headed off to the rooms to get ready. Her 2 friends walked ahead and she and I lagged back walking more slowly and as I glanced down at the ground, noticing she was leaving a dripping trail. She started, I noticed and I then left one too.

As we were heading up in the elevator she asked if she could use my room to shower and change as it turns out the rooms were just down the hall from each other. How could I say no. We got up to the rooms and I went to mine first, she said she would be back in a minute with her stuff. Shorlly a knock on my door, it was her, still in her thong, but then both of us had been very bold walking to the rooms with no towels together wearing just about nothing. She entered the room and suggested that we shower together to conserve water as she was a green conservationist.

It worked for me. I quickly took off my suit and she did as well and we got into the shower. She remarked that not too many guys are shaved as I am but she found it sexy. She obviously was shaved in order to be wearing the tiny suit she had on. While we were showering together we turned off the water and in keeping with conserving water gave each other a golden shower. I laid down first and she wet me then I did the same to her. This then continued to, well, lets just say we were having a great time for the next 30 minutes or so. We then showered with fresh water and dried off, getting ready for dinner.

As we were getting dressed, she was putitng a pair of tight low rise jet black jeans and a tight top. She had noticed as well that I too had a pair of my ultra low rise stretch black jeans laying on the bed, that I had worn the previous night. Again, sorry girls, I wear really tight and very low rise ( 6" rise) jeans - yes these are custom made. She grabs them off the bed and says that I shall be wearing these tonight too. She then ruffles through my suitcase and finds a lycra top that I would not have thought a girl would like to see a guy in as it was quite short. She instructed me to put the jeans on sans underwear and put on the top.

Yes, that was it, along with my black boots. She then told me that since I was ready and she had to fix hair and makeup that I shall head to the bar and bring back two more drinks. I offered to stop by her friends room to bring them drinks as well and she replied that I was a true gentleman. I walked to the other 2 girl's room and knocked. One answered and took a look at what I had on and said said that Lori ( the girl in my room) was a definite influence on my attire.

They were already ready to go and walked down with me to the bar. While in the elevator they both commented that too many guys don't dress sexually enough and they are too afraid to wear tight low rise jeans and show some skin. She commented to that I had the body as well to wear it. They both were wearing tight white jeans and tight tops, so we all were ready for some fun. They did not ask as to why it took Lori and I soo long to get ready. I ordered us all drinks and headed back to the room with our drinks, leaving the 2 girls at the bar as I would return with Lori shortly.

I got back up to the room and Lori was ready to go. She looked fabulous. She and I finished the drinks and I headed to the bathroom, to which she said that perhaps I should see how long I can hold it. Oh a challenge I said to her, then I suppose you are going to as well. She replied, of course, but then why do you think I am wearing black and made you as well. Lori, I replied, you are really into wetting and peeing. She replied that she is more often wet than dry.

I had to ask then if she had ever visited Peesearch.net, to which she said, yes and often. I then told her that I was the Poolboi_70. She gave me her's as well but told me not to let anyone know. She now knew that I was that pool service guy that more often in wearing wet jeans, wet shorts and will pretty much pee anywhere and anytime. As we headed out the door she said this was going to be a hot night. I reached down and checked to see if she was already wet, but no she said, we had a bet going, first one who wets, picks up the tab for tonight. As I was the perfect gentleman, I could not let her loose.

We headed off to a outdoor susi resturant not too far from the hotel and ordered drinks and a variety of susi. I was feeling the pain of my expanding bladder but it was bearable. As dinner wrapped up, after another couple of drinks (we were all pretty hammered), I pulled out the credit card and paid the waitress. Lori looked over to me and said that I must then have lost the bet and put her hand on my jeans crotch. To her enjoyment, yes they were quite wet as I had been slowly peeing the tight black jeans for quite some time.

She commented that perhaps it was a draw. I reached over and felt that her jeans were quite wet as well. All this time both of us peeing our jeans right in front of her 2 friends who had no idea about the bet or any of our adventures. To be safe, neither of us left a puddle or any evidence on the resturant's premises as we would not want to subject others to our fun.

We left the resturant and since we were both wearing black jeans no one would have noticed the jeans were wet. As we walked I continued to pee me jeans, wetting both legs completly. I could tell she was as well as we both were leaving a wet dribble trail on the crowded sidewalk. Not only did her friends not know but others that we passed on the sidewalk did not appear to notice. It was getting close to midnight so we headed to this one dance club, pounding sound and very hip. We had to wait in line but as I had 3 girls to one guy, the doorman moved us to the front. We got in and headed to the bar for more drinks and dancing. She and I danced, and yes peed our jeans on that dancefloor as I know many others were doing as the floor appeared quite wet and I am sure that while some drinks were spilled, it was not all.

Lori and I left about 4am and her 2 girlfriends had met up with 2 guys they knew from previous. She and I walked back to the hotel, continuing to pee our jeans, never once the whole night, either of us ever using the washroom. We ended up back in my room for some very wet sex and awoke late the next day, just in time to head to the pool.

