Ladies Who Wet Their Pants

22nd August 2018, 05:14 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I haven't written for a long time, but got to thinking the other day about something that I experienced when I was in my early twenties and just getting out of university.

I'd taken up snow skiing and was trying my best to get the hang of it. It was a bit difficult with a lot of twisting, falling and related accidents.

It was about one o'clock in the afternoon when I found myself following a very sexy blonde down the main slope which was generally an easy run. I couldn't help but notice her beautiful ass incased in a very tight pair of ski pants. Really she had all the right curves and for a thirty something year old, was very easy to watch. Her faded yellow ski pants were a bit worn from repeated washings. She was also wearing a light colored jacket that just reached her waist and was open exposing a nice set of breasts poking through a close fitting sweater. Very pretty and very sexy.

What really caught my attention though, was an obvious wet patch surrounding her lower butt, spreading a bit, before closing in to run down the insides of her legs. This sexy little bitch had wet her pants at some point while skiing and didn't seem to be too bothered by it. I was sure she'd peed because I could see the leg bands of her panties pressing against her ski pants. They were wet as well.

Now ski pants will generally shed moisture but in her case her pee had stained her pants. I don't think she knew how wet her backside was because when I had a chance to stand in line for the ski lift, I got a nice look at the front of her pants. Less obvious was a wet patch surrounding her puss.

She probably found it to inconvenient to go all the way to the bathrooms in the lodge. She may also have fallen on a run and lost control, simply wetting herself. I've seen other women pee their pants skiing, but the thing that was so sexy about this lady was that she didn't seem to mind the wetness between her legs. She skied the rest of the afternoon that way, then she disappeared into the parking lot.

