The Train Journey

28th June 2014, 09:46 AM

Author: Shear

Location: Unknown (Sex: Male) Posts: 148

Louise, Rachael, Rebecca and Natasha clambered aboard the 14:57 train from Liverpool Lime street to Nottingham after what had been one of the best weekends of their lives. Creamfields music festival had smashed it once again but it had taken a lot out of the girls so the morning was spent drinking coffees to try and get them through the day.

All 4 girls were attractive, Louise, wore cut off denim hotpants with a white t-shirt. Rachael was more conservative and went for jeans with a black top. Rebecca, like Rachael, was wearing Jeans but a bright pink top and Natasha, was wearing Trousers with a Blue t-shirt.

As the girls entered the station all 4 could feel the need to pee as they got to the timing boards, it was mass panic, the girls had just 2 minute to get to the right platform and board the train, there was no time for the toilet.

The girls found a table seat so they were able to all sit together, as the train pulled away, it jolted, which reminded the girls of there pressing needs downstairs but then the announcer came on «Ladies and gentleman, this is the 14:57 First trains to Nottingham. We regret to inform you that the train toilets are out of order for the time being. We apologise for the inconvenience this has caused» The Girls cursed there luck, even though the pressure was ever growing in there bladders, they felt confident they wouldn't have to many issues.

About 20 minutes into the journey, the train stopped, and it stayed there, 1 minute became 5 minutes and that became 10 minutes, then an announcement «Ladies and Gentleman, we've broken down, an engineer is on his way, we apologise for the inconvenience»

The Girls now, really needed a piss, Louise was shaking her leg, Rachael crossed her legs her bladder throbbing intently as she did so, Rebecca was shaking both legs and Natasha, like Rachael, was crossing her legs.

Louise «Girls I'm dying for a piss, that's right, this isn't a pee, this is a piss»

Rachael «I know tell me about it»

Natasha «I'm gonna have to go soon or else I'll burst»

Rebecca «I don't know how much longer I'll be able to hold»

The girls gritted there teeth and tried to hold on, but they weren't the only ones now desperate to pee on this train, which had now been stationary for 35 minutes, alongside the girls, a blonde in her thirties, with a short skirt on was sitting on her foot, her stiletto quite clearly pressing onto her pee hole, she looked over at the girls, did a nervous laugh and said «I'm gonna wet myself in a minute», they all laughed, something to take the tension away, something to take the thought away. She introduced herself as Sally.

Finally, the train got moving some 45 minutes after it had stopped. Just about everyone on the train needed a wee now and thankfully a plumber had come along with the electrician to try and fix the toilet. Louise got up and headed to the toilets for an update, thighs pressed, she could every every set of eyes on her in the carriage, the weight of her bladder now obvious as she walked up towards the toilet, as she got within 5 yards, a spasm hit her, her pee hole twitched but she somehow kept the gates shut. «Excuse me» Said Louise, who could see a toilet in front of her, making her need even greater, «How long do you think it'll be before it's fixed, it's just a really really need a wee»

Unfortunately for the girls on board, this plummer had landed his dream job, he was a massive female desperation fan, seeing Louise in front of him, slightly crossing her legs, doing a curtsy gave him an instant hard on «Soon love» he said. Other women were starting to get up with a frantic look in their eyes. As Louise walked back over to the group, she saw a man peeing directly into a plastic bottle, it was all too much, A hot jet of pent up pee forced itself past Louise's clenched pee hole and soaked into her cotton panties, her reaction was to straight away thrust her right hand right into her crotch and crossed her legs hard to stem the flow.

«Did you lose some» Said a womans voice to the left. «No» Louise responded, defensively. She looked up and it was a beautiful blonde, possibly 19/20 years old and looked down at her and this girl was kneading away at her tortured pussy. «Lucky You then» said the blonde, I've dribbled a few times, man I need a PISS SO BADLY, she said the last bit so everyone could hear her. Then a response came back,» we all do, we're all dying.»

Louise returned to her friends, all 3 of which now had their hands slammed into there crotches, the desperation had reached a crescendo. Sally, who earlier, sat with her heel in her pussy, was also openly holding her fatigued pussy «I don't care who sees me» she said, «If I let go, I'll wee».

Another 15 minutes had passed, Everyone in the carrages were fighting off spasms after spasms in an attempt to keep dry, even for a little bit, there was still 50 minutes of the train journey left, Suddenly 3 rows in front of the girls, a woman in her early fourties shouted oh sod this, got up, hiked up her skirt, pulled her panties to one side and thundered pee out of her overworked pussy, blasting onto the train carpet. Hearing her sighs of relief, the hissing of her pee, you could almost hear the collective grown of every man and woman who heard it.

Natasha caught Sally spasm and the look of horror that followed, she put her thumbs up to Sally to ask if everything was OK but a teary eyed Sally could only shake her head, she pulled her white panties tight to check the damage and sure enough a good sized wet spot showed, a couple of lads walked past as she did so though «Ay, you've peed yourself» they sneered «We peed in our cola bottles» they boasted. Just then, Rachael, who had 2 fingers smashed down on her quivering peehole said she would check on the progress of the toilets...as she got up she could see about 6/7 other people round there asking the same question, her heart sank, her bladder voided and despite all her might, a shot of pee escaped her and dampened her red thong. She quickly sat back down, twisting her legs as she did so, bumping Natasha, who couldn't afford any slips in concentration, her own peehole winked and out came a 1 second shot of pee. The only one dry now was Rebecca.

10 minutes later, Louise had the top button of her jeans undone and her and Rebecca were holding hands, with the free hand pressed hard against their pussys, suddenly a spurt of pee escaped Rebecca's twitching clenched muscles, she fired her other hand into her crotch to stem the flow with Louise still holding tightly, Louise could feel her friends wetness. Just then a woman stormed down the carriage with wet jeans on having had a total accident.

Again a group of women stood outside the toilet as the sadistic plummer «worked», he knew they were all so gagging to pee, it was the only thing on their minds. Some of the pee-dancing was wild, all he had to do was touch himself and he would have cum. Some of the women were getting angry now, as one of them, a late 20s brunette stood over him, ranting, he heard a little hiss come from her vagina, he looked up at her and she said «Yes, that's right, I've wee'd in my knickers a little, that's how desperate I am, hurry up, PLEASE»

She wouldn't last much longer, That spurt, was followed by another, no matter how much she clenched and twisted, her pee hole quivered, her bladder spasmed and the young girl totally wet herself, the pee flowing into the toilet, giving the plummer another chance to hold up proceedings. The plummer had by now cum in his overalls, such as the level he was turned on now.

There were now 20 minutes left of the train journey, the train was silent as the all the girls concentrated on holding back there bursting bladders. The lads on the train, apart from a couple, were fine as they had pee'd in water bottles, some of them, were making hissing noises. With 15 minutes to go, the plummer was satisfied he couldn't wing it any longer without it looking suspicious and the announcement came up «Ladies and Gentleman, I am pleased to announce that the toilet is now available to use, we thank you for your patience»

Louise, Rachael, Rebecca and Natasha all rushed to get up for the total relief all 4 craved, Rebecca releasing another spurt. Being in the 10th row, it would be ages till they got to the toilet, the realisation of this hit the girls bladders with full force, Louise again thrusting her fingers deep into her leaking pee hole. Each girl was now so desperate, they didn't know if they were leaking.

There pussy's quivered and screamed, there bladders were unrelenting. Sally was just in front of the 4 girls, Louise saw a very noticeable and heavy spurt smash the ground from between her legs...then another...then another one and with that Sally just sat at the now vacant seat to her right, opened her legs, pulled her soaking crotch panties to one side and released a waterfall of a piss, the hissing was so loud, her sighs of relief were epic. Shouts from up and down the queue were heard «AH WOMAN YOU'VE MADE ME LOSE SOME» After she had finished, Sally sat there, breathless «I never had to piss so bad in my entire life» she said to Louise.

The 4 girls, pee danced, held themselves, crossed their legs, none of them had needed a wee so much in their entire lives. The plummer was walking up the narrow carriage towards the girls, probably heading to the buffet bar in the middle carriage, he was so high on adrenaline cos of what he'd just witnessed he wasn't thinking clearly, he saw Louise, fingers pressed hard into that pussy of hers and what he thought was a laugh, he pulled her hand away and said «Ah you don't need that there», Almost immediately, Louise started pissing hard into her denim hotpants but after 4 seconds was able to squeeze it off. «You wanker» she said to the bewildered plummer and she went to slap him but she needed that hand to control the rest of her wee, that 4 second spurt had hardly made a dent. The plummer moved sheepishly along.

The line was moving about 1 every 3 minutes, no way would the girls get to use the toilet they so longingly craved for, they decided to sit back down, Rebecca and Rachael immediately tearing of their jeans so they could apply direct pressure on the peehole through the less forgiving silk material, both of their panties were soaked.

Rebecca «I can't cope with this no more, no my bladder can't take it» she weeled

Suddenly another loud hissing sound, it came from just behind the girls and another cry of epic relief, The beautiful blonde had given up and was peeing very loud, on it went and on and on, she pee'd for well over a minute and a half, after she stopped she started to sob. All the women who were still waiting in line had leaked, such as the epic desperation.

Louise, Rebecca, Natasha and Rachael all groaned out loud, the sound of her peeing made things even more harder.

10 minutes left until they were back in Nottingham and of course the relief of the station toilets, Louise who had dribbled some more said «10 minutes girls, just 10 minutes, we've come this far, let's not get caught short now» All the while her Pussy ached and begged for relief, her sphincter muscles, twitching like crazy, she was so so desperate for a wee.

With 6 minutes to go, Natasha shrieked, she had suffered a spasm and wasn't able to stop pee jetting out of her, in 3 separate 2 second bursts absolutely soaking her panties, she managed to somehow control it but the burning pain was almost unbearable for her and she shed a tear, she was comforted by Rebecca, whos own bladder was pulsing like crazy. By now a few other women who were queuing for the toilets had realised they wouldn't get to the front of the queue before the train got to Nottingham station and had sat back down, some with big wetspots.

The last 5 minutes was so quiet as the girls had to use 100% energy in keeping their pent up pee in there bladders, Louise and Rachael unsuccessfully as they lost some spurts, Louise was the only one who had a visible wetspot out of the girls so was very embarrassed.

Louise, taking time out from kneading away at her pussy asked «Girls, how are we going to get to the loo's without completely pissing ourselves, no way am I gonna be able to walk without wetting myself»

Rebecca, who now had her legs double crossed had an idea «Why don't we just wait here for everyone to get off and then we'll use the train toilets cos they'll be free»

«Fantastic idea», exclaimed Natasha as she fought of another wave of pressure.

Finally the train pulled into Nottingham station, the carriage was wet, it stunk of pee and everyone couldn't wait to get off. The girls hung back, Louise who was no bypassing her panties and pressing 2 fingers directly onto her peehole got up, her bladder like a rock inside her, he walked thighs pressed towards the toilets, Rebecca behind her constantly just dribbling in her panties, everytime her peehole twitched, out came some urine.

Natasha, like Louise, had 2 fingers pressed hard against her womanhood but it was no use, suddenly a massive tidal wave of pressure overcame her and her piss blasted out of her like a firehose, she had lost her bladder had won, she was screaming, almost orgasmic screams as her pee released itself completely wetting her panties and trousers, but she didn't care, she was shaking with relief, the pee just kept on coming and coming.

With her friend now blocking her way to the loo as she was crouched down wetting herself, Rachael stood there, unable to move cos her legs were crossed so tightly, she could she one of her best friends wetting herself and then in the distance her 2 other friends edging closer and closer to the toilet. Rachael somehow made it past her friend, who was still peeing forcefully, without losing some more pee and with thighs pressed so hard together and her free hand pressing hard into her crotch she made her way to the toilet.

Louise was just yards away from what was already a pretty disgusting toilet, it was clear to see, that more people had had accidents, they must have been so close, Louise spotted 2 or 3 pairs of soaking thrown out panties. Just as she reached the door, she lost another jet of hot pee, had to cross her legs tight to keep the rest inside her, just then out of nowhere...

This man's voice said «Sorry Ladies» as he slid the door shut in Louise's face, it was the Plummer. «Journeys over I'm afraid, please use station toilets because this needs more repair» On hearing that news, it was like a synchronized waterfalls as Louise, Rebecca and Rachael just couldn't hold it anymore with hot golden piss shooting out of there worn out pussy's into their panties watched by the sadistic plummer with a massive smile on his face. The relief was the greatest thing the girls had ever felt, they kept on peeing and peeing, crouching down, the relief was so epic, they didn't clock the fact, the plummer had his dick out and was masterbating to the scene, he didn't last long, about 5 seconds before his semen flew out. He quickly zipped up his pants and ran it into Nottingham.

All 4 girls, sat on the wet carriage floor, having totally pissed themselves, relieved and exhausted, they sheepishly excited the train about 5 minutes later to some strange looks and hailed a taxi to there homes.

