Out in the meadow

8th June 2007, 06:54 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

It's been a while since I posted anything, but then - it's been a while since anything happened…

I was at a friends 60th Birthday party not so long ago, and after a while my other half did her usual thing, got wrecked and started flirting with anything male with a pulse (Now ex-partner I should add). Normally, I would ignore it and just enjoy the evening but on this occasion I didn't. Why? Because I hooked up with someone I hadn't seen in a while. She used to work in this particular pub but had moved on and it had been a year or more since I had seen her. I had fancied her for ages - she's my age, so 40ish, and gorgeous; dark spiral-permed hair, brown eyes, about 5'3" and slim; with a habit of pouring herself into jeans that would look painful on anyone else.

In our pretty drunken state, we exchanged pleasantries and I told her quite openly that I thought she was gorgeous and always had done - and to my surprise, she admitted that she had fancied me for a while but had said nothing because I was not single. Technically I wasn't then either, but I think we both knew the score. We looked at each other, and drifted through the crowd to the side door of the pub; then outside. In a couple of minutes we were at the edge of a meadow, facing each other and holding on to each other. She was wearing a short white skirt; just above knee length and the warm night breeze was lifting at its floaty material. A white vest top completed the outfit and she looked just about perfect. She held me close to her and we kissed, fumbling and groping around as if this was to be the one and only time we would ever do this.

As if to catch our breath, we parted for a minute and looked at each other.

«God that was good» she said, a little breathlessly. «I nearly wet myself when we got going there. Actually, I really need a pee - I should have gone before we came outside».

My response was to take hold of her and, slipping one hand between her legs through her skirt, whisper gently «If you can hold it, I'll make you come like you've never come before» She stiffened a little, then relaxed and looked at me mockingly - «Why sir» she said, feigned indignation in her voice «Are you preventing a lady from taking a pee?» «Have you ever had sex when you are full?» I asked «Believe me. I can assure you that for many women, an orgasm when you need to pee is something once tried, never forgotten.

As I spoke, she pushed her mons against my hand. «You'd better do something about it then; before I wet myself. For some reason, I believe you»

I led her into the meadow and we stood under a tree; her back to it. I lifted her skirt and started gently to caress her pussy through her panties. As her breathing deepened, she undid my jeans and took my by now erect knob in her hand and reciprocated, caressing me gently and slowly; tormenting me beautifully. «So what do you get out of this?» she asked. «When you come, then so do I» I replied. I began to press harder, seeking the hot moistness of her pussy, while also pressing against her clit. Previous experiences had proved that, if the clitoris is stimulated, the need to pee - and the inability to prevent an accident becomes intense.

She was buckling at the knees a little, and holding on to my shoulder for support «Oh yes, don't stop - my God I'm going to wet myself. Oh! This is so unfair; Oh - I'm coming - Ah…» Her voice trailed off and she stiffened; pushing her pussy ever harder against my palm. Then she shuddered, put her head back, eyes closed and sighed. As she did so, I felt a wetness against my hand. She was peeing. Not a lot, not to start with, just a trickle, thought this became more forceful as she relaxed more. Her panties became soaked and her pee ran through my fingers. Then it stopped. I looked up at her face, to find her looking at me and smiling. «That's enough for now» she said. «There's plenty more where that came from, believe me, but I think I'll save it.» She squeezed my still erect cock - I hadn't come as I'd suggested. «Someone still needs satisfying and I think I know how. Your place or mine?»

I looked at her and she winked. «You? Er you have tried this before Cheryl?» I stammered. «No kidding sunshine. I bring myself off like this quite often. I have probably read the same articles that you have. Now. Unless you really do want me to wet myself and waste the rest of it; I suggest we move on. Your fingers worked so quickly because they were strangers - I can make this last ages. Interested?.

I was. The rest can wait for a rainy day…

