Kamala Bottles

2nd November 2009, 04:39 PM

Author: drw001

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 201

Kamala Bottles

I've got a girl to pee into a container twice in my life. The first time we were both very young, but the second time was in college.

I was living with some roommates, but they had gone away for spring break leaving me alone in the apartment. I was helping build sets for on a school theater project over the break, and Kamala was also involved in the production. I did not know her really well, but invited her over to my place for dinner one evening ... just to see what might happen.

She was not the stunning sort of girl that turns heads, but she had a nice body, curly long brown hair, and often dressed in rather short skirts that had a way of clinging to her butt.

She was sort of a hippie - always on about environmental causes.

I remember she was also into drinking water - kept a bottle close at hand, said something about it being good for her skin. She had that translucent white skin that goes with northern climates and freckles. I did notice it made her go to the restroom at least once an hour, and I especially noticed when she got a little fidgety trying to finish up some detail before she went.

I don't think she had much expectation for the evening either - while we were working together she was nice, slightly flirty, but not like she was REALLY into me. Mostly just a chance for both of us to get to know each other a little better and to eat together rather than alone.

I left first to get things ready - got home and put together a simple meal. She went home to change.

As I was cooking, I fantisized a little about what might happen that evening. I didn't really expect anything, but then I got to thinking that she would definitely have to pee while she was at my place - an apartment normally inhabited by four guys - and that I hould probably make sure the bathroom wasn't too toxic.

I ended up cleaning the toilet. And while I was at it, I started thinking about her pulling down the panties,  her smooth thighs touching the toilet seat I was just now cleaning, her legs parting, the scent of her urine as it streamed out, the relief she would feel. I very much wanted to see it.

What could I do? Seemed to me that peering under the door would by neither effective nor gentlemanly. Though in the thrall of fantasy, gentlemanly was not exactly on my mind.

The idea came to me as I was putting down the toilet seat. I found some tape and an index card, on which I wrote

"Just have to P? Save Water. Use a Bottle" and I taped it to the toilet lid, which I closed. I went to our recycling and found four plastic wide mouth drink bottles, which I set on top of the toilet tank. We had a cabinet where we usually stored extra toilet paper - I quickly moved that out and put a little sign

"Full Bottles Here".

I did not have too much hope, but I figured she's into that environmental stuff. If she wasn't too hung up about peeing, she just MIGHT use the bottles.

Just as I finished writing the final note, Kamala was at the front door.

She had dressed up just a little bit, and was now in a tight fuzzy sweater, still shortish skirt, and long leather boots with leggings.

We had our dinner - it took about an hour, talking about the theater project mostly. I noticed her getting a little fidgety, but not enough to excuse herself and leave me alone ... at least yet. As we finished up dinner, she helped carry the dishes into the kitchen, and I noticed she was walking kind of funny. She quickly said she should probably be getting back home, but could she use our restroom?

I pointed towards the bathroom, and went to start the dishes. But I doubled back assoon as I heard the door close and crept outside the bathroom door to listen. My heart was pounding. Would she use the bottles?

She must have been desperate to pee, but also a little puzzled by the arrangements. The bathroom fan was running, on the same switch as the light - I did not hear the toilet lid being put up, but I thought I did hear a lot of footsteps as if she was running in place at first.

Then I heard the hiss and trickle of her peeing over the fan noise ... maybe into a bottle? It stopped, and I quickly moved back into the kitchen.

Kamala stayed a few minutes to help me do the dishes, and then took her final leave, thanking me for dinner. She never brought up the odd bathroom arrangements. I was pretty distracted, wondering if a bottle of her pee was sitting in the bathroom cabinet.

I almost ran to the bathroom as soon as the front door was closed behind her. The toilet seat was still down, the sign was in place, and TWO bottles were missing from the top of the toilet. Sure enough, they were both sitting in the cabinet beside each other ... one completely full of her straw colored pee, the other NEARLY full. She sure had a large bladder capacity. I picked them up, they were still warm to the touch. I opened one and smelled it - it smelled wonderful.

We never ended up having dinner again, and she never brought up the bottles in the bathroom either. After spring break was over, we drifted our own ways. But I spent the rest of spring break looking at her in a new way - thinking about her huge bladder, how she held it back in front of me, and those warm sweet scented bottles sitting on the bathroom shelf.

