/carols-surprise/37411/

Carol's Surprise

18th September 2009, 05:49 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Bob Watson was hoping for the best while driving to Carol Martinez's house. It was nearing the end of his senior year in high school, and he, Carol, and three others were assigned to the same group for a project for English class. He really couldn't have asked for a better group. First, his best friend, Will Rainey, was in the group. Second, Maria Lopez and Andy Rodgers, two of the biggest brains in the school, were in the group, meaning that an "A" on this project was assured. Finally, there was Carol, whom, along w/ her best friend Tracy Smith, had a reputation as one of the biggest sluts in the senior class. The inclusion of Carol meant that there was a chance he could get lucky before the project was finished.

To add to his anticipation, Carol had asked him to come over to her house at 11:00 AM, even though the rest of the group wasn't scheduled to arrive until 2:00 that afternoon. "Why would she ask me over so early if not to fuck around a little bit before hand?" he thought to himself. Thinking about that prospect, and about Carol herself, made his dick strain hard against his jeans.

Carol was a cheerleader and easily one of the most gorgeous girls in the school. She had long, black hair that she kept mostly straight, a fairly large set of tits for a high school girl, and easily the tightest ass that he had ever seen. Somehow, Bob had taken the time to notice face, not an easy task given the cleavage she always showed off. He loved her big brown eyes, the way her nose seemed to slightly hook up at the tip, and her luscious lips. He had almost lost a wrestling match earlier that year by being distracted by her as she cheered along the edge of the arena. He had often dreamed of stripping her down and fucking her, but had just never been alone with her. Apparently plenty of other people had been luckier than he.

Carol's reputation appeared to be well earned, rather than just the usual high school bull shit rumors. She had been caught fucking Steve Elmer at the local make out spot. There was nothing really unusual about that, as many of the kids in his school, himself included, had gone there to make out, and hopefully get laid. But most did it inside the car, not out on the hood. Most girls also did not scream to give it to them up the ass while out in public like that. Carol did, and he knew that Steve wasn't bull shitting when recounting the story, as a cell phone video of the incident that was passed around everyone's email account confirmed it.

That incident wasn't the only time Carol had fucked someone in public. Several of his friends told him of parties they had attended where she had been seen either fucking a guy or giving one a blowjob. She had also been caught blowing the quarterback under the stadium after school, and one of the other cheerleaders told him that she had found Carol and Tracy, who was also cheerleader, 69-ing each other in the girls' locker room after school. The incidents w/ the QB and Tracy had earned Carol some detention, but she didn't seem to care.

Carol, in fact, seemed to revel in her reputation. She would constantly brag about her sexual conquests around school, which apparently not only included straight and lesbian sex, but group sex as well. She was also quite the exhibitionist, usually wearing skirts and going commando, of which Bob and others were frequently given evidence. Even though she was probably as smart as Maria and Andy, her antics had kept her grades from being as high as they should be, and most in the class figured that her career ambition was to be a stripper and/or porn star. In fact, he was surprised that neither he nor his friends had ever seen her dancing in one of the local strip joints, as she had turned 18 way back in October. Either she didn't want to be a stripper after all, or she was waiting until graduation to start that profession.

The only caution that Carol appeared to take when it came to sex was protection - everyone he knew who had fucked her said that she always insisted that they wear a condom. At least Bob knew that if things turned out the way he hoped, he wouldn't catch anything.

###

Carol glanced up at the clock, and knew that Bob would be ringing the doorbell any minute now. It was no mistake that it was Bob who was coming over early. It wasn't his physique, which was impressive. Nor was it his looks, even though the blonde haired wrestler had features that looked like they were chiseled in stone. It was the fact that Carol was about to try something new, and she needed a guy whom would do anything for a good fuck. From what she understood, Bob was that guy, even more so than most high school boys, which was saying something.

Carol had done quite a bit of sexual experimentation already. It started when her mom had to call over a computer technician to remove some viruses from their computer, ones which their anti-virus software was useless against. When the technician discovered the source of the viruses, porn sites that Carol had recently visited, she expected an ass chewing from her usually understanding mother. Instead, her mom told her that it was healthy for her to explore her sexuality, and encouraged her to experiment and have fun while she was young. The only words of caution her mom gave her was to always make sure that she was protected, so as not to pay for her fun w/ pregnancy or disease, and to be careful of which sites she visited on the net. Her mom didn't want her making arrangements to meet men who turned out to be violent sickos. She also didn't want any more damn viruses on her computer.

With her mom's blessing, and her best friend, Tracy, as her accomplice, Carol had done her best to completely explore her sexuality. She and Tracy had become exhibitionists, getting a thrill from flashing their tits, asses, and pussies at everyone from classmates to teachers to complete strangers. They had tried oral and anal sex, sex in public, sex with each other, threesomes, sex with larger groups, and some light bondage. Up until recently, Carol had experimented with everything that Tracy had tried, and vice versa. That changed this past weekend when Tracy had called from Albuquerque, where she and her family were visiting her older brother, Alan, in college. One of Alan's frat brothers had introduced Tracy to a new kink, one which she surprisingly enjoyed. Now it was Carol's turn to try it. For the first time in a long time, she had some inhibitions about trying something new.

Carol's thoughts were interrupted by the ringing of the door bell. Carol answered the door in a pair of Daisy Dukes and a light, white cotton shirt, under which she wore nothing. Thinking about what she was about to do had excited Carol, causing her nipples to show through the fabric of her shirt. This was not lost at all on Bob, who struggled to collect his thoughts while staring at Carol's tits.

"Uh ... hey, uh, Carol, what's up?" stammered Bob.

"Not much, Bob," Carol said, giggling, completely aware of Bob's gaze. "Come on in."

Carol motioned Bob to take a seat in the living room, and sat down right beside him.

"Bob, I have a question for you," Carol said, placing her hand on Bob's thigh. "We've seen each other around school for years. You're on the wrestling team, I'm a cheerleader. Why haven't we got to know each other better?"

"I'm not sure," replied Bob, hoping that this was going where he wanted it to, and trying hard not to sound like an idiot, as he did when she answered the door. "We've got some time to get to know each other now."

Carol decided that she had wasted enough time. "I'd like that," she said, as she moved in close to Bob and started to kiss him. Bob responded by returning the kiss, and putting his arms around her. Carol moved her hand further up his thigh, and felt how hard his dick was becoming. She started to rub it, causing it to grow harder still.

Carol broke off the kiss. She moved her mouth near Bob's ear, and whispered, "Would you like me to suck your cock?"

Even with Carol's reputation, Bob was surprised that things had moved this quickly. He couldn't contain his excitement, and exclaimed "Hell Yeah! That would be great!"

"Can you do me a favor first?" she asked, while still rubbing his dick.

"Yeah, anything!" he replied.

"Piss you pants first!" she told him.

"What the fuck!" he cried. "You want me to piss myself?!"

"Yeah, piss yourself. What's the big deal? Just stand up, wet your pants, and I'll give you a blowjob. I know you've heard that I give good head."

This was true. Steve, a couple of members of the football team, and even one of his teammates on the wrestling team had all told him that Carol gave great blow jobs. More than that, she eagerly swallowed, something he and most of his class mates had failed to convince their girlfriends to try. Now here she was offering to suck him off, and all he had to do, as weird as it sounded, was to pee his pants. Still, something really bothered him.

"Hey, Will, Maria, and Andy are going to be coming over to work on the project. I can't have them see me w/ wet pants!" he exclaimed.

"Why do you think I asked you here a full three hours before everyone else is going to arrive?" she responded. "Because I was expecting you to have monumental stamina? We'll wash and dry your clothes before anyone arrives. Now I'm offering you a fucking blow job! Do you want it or not?"

Bob thought about, and started to stand up on the hard wood floor. Before he did so, however, Carol offered him a bit of advice. "You'd better take off your shoes before you do it," she said. "Those won't be as easy to clean and dry in time."

Bob took off his shoes and stood up. Fortunately for him the conversation had caused him to lose his erection, making it much easier for him to comply with Carol's request. Fortunately for Carol, while not desperate, he still had a fairly full bladder, meaning that he would be able to give her a nice wetting

.

It took Bob a minute to relax and get the flow going. Carol was anxiously looking for a wet spot to start forming in his jeans, hoping that Bob wouldn't suffer from stage fright. Pee finally started to escape Bob's dick, wetting the crotch of his pants and flowing down his legs. Bob had to admit, much to his surprise, that this felt really good. He liked the feeling of the hot piss flowing down his legs and puddling at his feet.

Carol like it too. She hadn't know how she would react, but seeing Bob willing to pee his pants for her, even if it was just for the reward, and seeing the wet spot form on the crotch and legs of his jeans really turned her on. She stepped forward and started to rub Bob's dick through his pants. She enjoyed feeling the piss on her hand as she rubbed him. Unfortunately for her, this caused Bob to become erect again, stopping the piss before his bladder was fully empty.

"Okay, I held up my end of the bargain. Time for you to pony up!" exclaimed Bob.

Carol was looking forward to it. When she first started experimenting with oral sex, sucking on a guy's cock felt dirty and naughty, which added to the thrill. In time, the feeling of naughtiness had gone away, though she still enjoyed giving blow jobs, mostly for the effect it had on her partners. Now, however, with his dick covered in piss, the naughtiness aspect had returned. She eagerly unbuttoned and pulled down his soaking wet pants, grabbing his hard, wet cock in her hand.

She paused. As excited as she was, she wondered for a second if she would like the taste. She quickly put that thought aside, as her excitement and a realization that she had come too far to turn back now overcame any inhibitions, and stuck his dick into her mouth. She then pulled it out, and started licking up and down the shaft. Pulling his dick up, she started to lick and suck on his balls.

While a little salty, she found that she enjoyed the taste of his piss soaked cock. She alternated between licking his cock, and sticking it deep down her throat.

Bob was in ecstasy. This was certainly worth the awkwardness of pissing his pants. Carol was giving him the best blow job he'd ever had. She grabbed his ass cheeks for leverage, taking his cock as far down her throat as she could. He responded by placing his hand behind her head, and thrusting his cock forward in unison w/ her movements. Sooner than he would have liked, he was on the verge of cumming. He opened his mouth to start to warn her, when she felt the first spurt of hot cum on the back of her throat. She continued to suck on him for all she was worth. The intensity of the orgasm was too much for Bob. It felt so good that he didn't want it to stop, but at the same time the sensation was so powerful he couldn't allow it to continue. Finally he placed his hand on her shoulder and back away, removing his dick from her mouth.

"Damn, that was awesome!" he practically shouted. "By far the best blow job I've ever had!"

"Thanks, but we're not done yet," replied Carol. "I need to have some fun too."

With great embarrassment, Bob responded: "Sorry, but that's going to have to be it for me. I know from experience that after I cum, it takes a while to get going again."

"I'm not giving up that easily," Carol replied, still kneeling in front of him. "But first, there's one more thing you're going to have to do for me."

"What's that?" asked Bob.

"Finish pissing."

Bob was again surprised at Carol's request. This time, though, he could see no downside. It wasn't him, after all, being pissed on, and she did just give him a great blow job. Besides, he loved the sensation he had when he pissed right after cumming. He had just one question: "Right now?"

"Yes, right now. Just give it to me!"

Bob's dick had relaxed enough to allow him pee. It took him a few seconds, but the piss started to flow out of his dick; slowly at first, but then picking up steam. Carol was holding Bob's dick throughout all of this, and started by aiming the piss at her tits, which were still covered by her shirt. She couldn't believe how good Bob's hot piss felt as it soaked her tits, and loved how naughty she felt while enjoying the sensation. Bob, still surprised that she was forcing him to piss on her, watched as her tits became visible under wet cotton shirt, and started to feel a little aroused at the sight.

Carol, remembering that she liked the taste of the piss on his dick, aimed Bob's cock towards her mouth. As the piss hit her tongue she realized that the taste was a little stronger when taking in a whole mouthful - still, she didn't mind the taste, and loved the idea that she was drinking his piss. The amount that she couldn't swallow ran down her chin and onto her tits, which she was now massaging with her free hand. The stream slowed to a trickle, at which point Carol put Bob's dick back in her mouth, catching the last of his piss as he pushed out the final couple of squirts. Both noticed that Bob's dick had started to stiffen a little at this point. It was still not hard enough for him to fuck her, however.

"Lay down!" she commanded him.

Bob did what he was told and laid on the floor. Carol then removed her tight shorts, revealing her pussy. Bob noticed that her pubic hair was shaved into a landing strip pattern, and saw how inviting her pussy lips looked. With her tits still showing through her piss soaked shirt, she hovered over Bob's dick. A few seconds later a strong stream of piss came out, soaking Bob's cock.

Bob was overwhelmed w/ how hot and sexy this was. First was the beautiful image of Carol pissing. He would not have expected something like this to turn him on, but that is just what it was doing. Then there was the sensation of her hot piss hitting his cock, which was now rock hard. When Carol noticed his erection, she reached into the pocket of her shorts, which lay on the floor beside her, and pulled out a condom. Stopping her flow, she reached down and quickly rolled the condom out onto Bob's dick.

Carol, who was extremely aroused by her new experiments in water sports, started to move up and down on Bob's cock. Bob was in ecstasy. Expecting Carol's pussy to be rather loose, he was surprised that it seemed to be gripping his cock. He began to thrust his pelvis in rhythm with Carol, forcing his dick deep into her awaiting pussy.

After riding him for several minutes, Carol could feel her orgasm begin to build. She relaxed herself for a second, and began to piss again, this time with Bob inside her. Piss began to squirt everywhere. The sensation that Carol felt put her over the edge, and her body began to shudder in a violent orgasm. Likewise, the feeling of Carol's piss soaking his balls and spraying over other parts of his body caused Bob to cum for a second time. He screamed as his jizz filled the condom, but his sounds were drowned out by the ones that were coming from Carol. Eventually she collapsed against his body, physically spent from the best orgasm she had enjoyed in quite some time.

