Something Weird

2nd October 2013, 10:05 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

I don't know what this is. I'll be the first to admit that it's kind of fucked up. I have previously, on occasion, woken with some memory of a dream I had, although that's not usual, and when it does happen, the memory is as other memories, images and sounds mostly, if more confused. I've written descriptions of a few of the more interesting ones on this site. This morning, I woke up with words in my head. The same words you see below, exactly nine hundred of them. I've written them down, which is what I think they wanted; although why, I don't know.

###

A line of people waited for entrance to a place and, thinking that it might be a restroom and being much in need of such myself, I waited with them. An Arby's, it was, as I saw when I came closer; but, I bethought myself that such a place might indeed have restrooms within -- and, indeed, when I had approached and entered the place, a doorway in the wall to my left I saw, adorned with a block of black wood having "Restroom" inscribed upon it in several tongues, with glyphs for those who could read none. A short corridor was beyond, and at the end, I paused to look about me at the strange room I had come to.

Circular, it was, and large, and bright. In diameter, the place was perhaps twenty cubits. The floor was of alternating white and grey tiles, like a deranged giant's chessboard, and the walls of marble blocks, a cubit square and in color a yellowish white, held together by gleaming lines, as though brass were melted and used for mortar. A pillar of black stone, like an oak tree in stature and carved with strange symbols, held up the ceiling at the center. Sinks adorned the walls, each a trough several cubits long, one drain with six knob-controlled water sources.

Around the central pillar ran another trough, this one lower and inscribing a circle on the floor perhaps six cubits in diameter, and having water flowing constantly through. At intervals, a half-moon of polished wood served as a sort of seat; on one such sat a man, emptying his bowels through the center of the seat; the others held women, most urinating through into the flowing water, which went out at several drains. Men crowded about along the entire length, emptying their bladders into the trough. A woman, unable to find a seat or even a space about the central trough, bared her bottom and hoisted it to the edge of one of the sinks, her face betraying her relief. A noise of talking, there was, and of laughing, and of flowing water, and of footsteps, for the latter echoed from everywhere in the place.

I forced through the crowd and gained access to the trough; and, opening my trousers, I removed my organ and let it flow. Beside me, a man wore overalls, which he must lower to his knees to gain access to his organ; upon my other side, seated upon a half-moon of wood, there was a woman. Black trousers and a thin undergarment she had lowered to her ankles; dark, her skin was, and smooth, her legs slim and long, and where they met was a tuft of black fur that failed to cover glistening lips and a flow of urine into the water. A tan shirt covered breasts as large as apples, those southern apples that grow from many buds and can feed an entire family. And her face was narrow, but smooth, with hooked nose and hair as black as jet that hung unto her clavicles.

Such was she who regarded me as I watched her; and, as that flow that I have mentioned slowed and ceased, she asked a Question, in a tongue that I have never heard, before or since. Raucous, it was, composed of growls and screeches and clicks, as though some largish bird of prey had made a language for itself; and, when she saw that I understood nothing of her words, she smiled at me a smile so inviting, so seductive, so generally filthy, that I found I could no longer continue what I was doing. She stood, and restored her lower garments to some semblance of decency and beckoned to me; and I, forcing my organ back into my trousers with much more effort than it had cost me to remove it, followed her. We cleansed our hands at adjacent sink taps.

I looked toward the door by which I had entered, and saw it adorned with a block of black wood having "No Exit" inscribed upon it in several tongues, with glyphs for those who could read none. The woman had turned and walked away from this door and I followed; she moved purposefully and smoothly, like a panther that knows where she is going. And soon, we came unto another doorway. Old, it was, and low, and fashioned of dark wood, but varnished so that it gleamed in the bright light of the place. And through this door my guide bowed her head to pass, and I must bow more deeply to follow.

Beyond, a room appeared. Smaller, it was, than the other, and darker, and adorned with thick, soft carpet and with many cushions of varying sizes; and all about, men and women lay together, wearing no more of clothes than at their births, their hands and bodies busy. She looked at them, and then at me, and the look was a Question as much as her other Question, to which I responded with a gesture of my head. Whereat, we both removed our clothing, and she ate me, and I was reborn in pleasure.

And thereafter, never have I left that place. Our clothing has disappeared like mist. I dwell in the half-light of the second chamber beside this same woman. And several times a day, she eats me, and I am reborn in pleasure.

