The Student part 4 (final?)

29th March 2013, 03:16 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Last chapter for now.

Part1 $/community/...ead.php?t=54703

Part2 $/community/...ead.php?t=54706

Part3 $/community/...ead.php?t=54714

I handed Yukiko the dildo, it was a big one with a rotating head on top. It was more like one of those face massage vibrators. I put a condom on the thing and lubricated it and told her to use it on herself anyway she preferred but without taking her panties of. Just use it on the outside and the rest of her body, searching for the sensitive spots. We were lying next to each other and she was leaning her head on my shoulder and chest. My arm was around her and I softly flicked her nipples.

She asked me « can I go as far as before, if I feel I have to pee can I just let it go again, it was such a nice feeling not to try to control it». «Yes», I said, « Go right ahead, the bed is protected, don't worry about it and it is only water».

«Can you do the same for me», she asked, «When you feel like that can you let go also in the same way». «Yes I can but it is a bit different, men cannot come and pee at the same time women do but I will show you maybe, but first focus on yourself».

I started to work myself up a bit but had to be careful not to get overexcited otherwise my little plan wouldn't work, I had prepared in the same way with drinking fluids so as to not to scare her, just to make sure that it will be colorless and tasteless.

She started to get worked up and slowly her sheer panties became see through, little squirts began to show and I held my hand close by and caught some and started to massage the liquid on her breasts. She could hardly talk anymore and was getting closer to the 'big bang'. Then she asked me if I could show her my way of letting go. «Please show me how you lose control, just do it on me», she said. «Ok I will, are you ok? Ready? Then watch this».

Just for this purpose I had kept my underwear on however it was a tent, big enough to comfort a group of people for the night. I controlled my cock a bit to go down somewhat and let go. I already felt like letting go about an hour ago so it came as a relief you wouldn't believe. My briefs turned wet, I put a bit more power on the jet and it shot right through the fabric straight up. She had a happy look on her face, «more» she said, «show me more».

I pulled my cock out of my now transparent briefs and point my fire hose at my own face at first and just let the floodgates open. It went straight up in my nose, face and mouth. I never heard a woman scream so happily and I pointed my cock to her face as well. Sometimes I put too much pressure and it went over our heads against the headboard. She took hold of my cock so she could point it to where she liked. I must have peed at least a minute and a half or longer. She even open her mouth at some point and took a few swallows and she actually held it in her mouth and tasted it like you do with wine, slurping bit to get some air in with the delicious Goldwater.

Almost at the same time she was tasting my thirst-quencher she started coming and pissing just like she did in the tub. I slid down as soon as I could get loose from her grasp and I slurped up what I could catch. I couldn't keep up and she did not stop and wait so I could catch up drinking. My goodness, and as soon as the flow slowed I was unable to hold it my self, raised myself up and started coming all over her body from pussy to face. Jeez and I did not even have the chance to teach her how to give a proper blow job! We were exhausted and laid again next to each other with her head back on my chest.

I started to massage my cum on to her skin, her belly, her breasts and even on her face and told her «nature's own cream» «just let it sit for 30 minutes and it does wonders for your skin, not that your skin looks like it needs it but anyhow..»

Her hair was soaked in my fluids and the bed felt like we were lying in a pond. «So I said, don't wash your hair just jet, let it soak for 30 minutes also and your hair will like nice and shiny and soft». I spoke out of experience because sometimes when I am in a horny mood I pee on myself and wash my hair with it and let it sit sometimes for an hour before I flush it out.

We fell asleep for a short time, 10 minutes maybe, a wonderful nap, not a deep sleep, more like dozing off but you are still aware what is going on, you can still hear the TV far away. I guess she was at the same dozing state. I opened one eye and she was smiling and suddenly things became even wetter, she had learned! She just let go and I followed, just the way we were, just let everything out. The bed became even more soaked but it warmed up because of our warm juice.

She said that she had to go home, we had been there for almost 4 hours already. We got up, did some crazy things, stood next to the bed and stuck our head upside down in the little lake on the bed and then shaking the pee of so we did get some surroundings wet. "Don't worry" she said, "they have good, fast and special ways to clean the room". However she started cleaning up herself and I gave her a hand in taking the sheets from the bed and folding them bringing them in the bathroom. Used the towels to dry the bed, which had some kind of plastic on the mattress. Took the dishes, placing them on the tray on putting them by the door.

«He» she said, «I still have the snacks my mother made, let's sit on the bathroom floor and eat them there, see if we can pee on them and then eating them." Holy mother of…I turned a quiet shy girl into a pee monster!...ha ha. Well we did not have much pee any more to shed so, we ate the rice balls washed up and got dressed.

«So» I said, "I have taught you nicely but we are not finished yet, I just showed you how to have an orgasm beyond your imagination and how to work on yourself but there has to be second time so I can teach you how to pleasure a man.»

«Yes, I think so too, one more time» she said, «but I have a request, I was so excited about our meeting so I told a friend of mine, she is 21 and never had a boyfriend and is scared that she will never be able to get one because she does not know how to satisfy a man». «So is it ok that she can come with me next time and maybe you can show her also, please? Don't be upset, just say you will do it please, I won't tell anybody else but she is my best friend and desperate to have someone teach her.»

I thought about it for a while, «Ok sounds good to me, but you have to let her know about what she can expect, give her the same instructions about drinking fluids as I gave you and see if she does not get shocked about it».

So she agreed, wow what a chance will that be, I felt like I died and gone to paradise.

Can you imagine that this has happened about 27 years ago and I am still masturbating to this old experience/ fantasy if my wife needs a break sometime or is out for a few days?

To be continued some time later…..

