Junkyard Peggy Part 2 (Going In Return)

14th October 2009, 04:51 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

We walked along wherePeggys dad had told me where there was a Mustang the ame year as mine. A we walked along Peggy talked to me which was about her seeing me piss. Dave if you saw me before you did piss would have you still would have pissed any way? Well the state I was in right at that time I would have. I didn't want to piss in my jeans. There also was no way could have stopped myself that time even knowing if you were there when I started.

Peggy let out a short little giggle. I believe you on that one! she said to me in return. We made a turn and started now walking betwen some junk cars heading over to a Mustang coupe which was the one that her da had told me about to try. As we headed over towards that Mustang to check the radiator in it Peggy went on talking asking me; How long have we know each other?

I thought for a quick moment. Then I told her when we were both kids I guess. Peggy smiled and told me I was right. You must think that I've been a tom boy over the years too. I stopped walking and looked right at Peggy and told her that she was at times but that was ok. You are a good friend for you always did help out any time I was here ver the years since I've known you. Peggy smiled a much bigger smile.

We had almost reached the junked Mustang now for we started walking after I answered her. We now stood in front of the Mustang and I opened the hood on it and looked at the radiator. Oh shit no good! Peggy asked me why. It is a standard and my Mustang is a automatic. No section for the tranny fluid and connections for the cooling lines. I slammed the hood closed. Pegy told me that we would have to find another one. I told her she was right. Peggy told me she knew where there was two thers over in another section of the yard.

So we walked away and I followed her. Peggy continuied talking to me as we walked along. She told me that she also liked me as a friend also. But she also admitted to me she had off and on as we got older that it might be something more. I'm not bad looking am I? I looked her over which Peggy had filled out nicely both her breats, slim waist and her ass too. All of her showed off pretty well in the tight top and jeans she was wearing right now. I smiled and told her she did look alright in my eyes. That made her smile again and she even gave me a quick hug saying thank you when she hugged me.

We walked through the section we had been in and started through a second section. I asked Peggy if the roles had been reversed and I came up on you and you were in a despeate state in needing to piss and not knowing I was there would you also would have pissed? Peggy stopped walking and she giggled a litle giggle. I would have! I like you wouldn't wanted to piss my pants also! Just to let you know I've pissed out here in thge yard many times. Then the last ting she said to me did catch me by surprise a litle. Peggy toold me that she had even pissed when I was here before!

Oh yeah! I said to Peggy. She laughed and said yes back to me. Only thing we weren't alone at the time so that's why I didn't. But I would have if we were and that was not one time too! Really I said back to her and I and Peggy resumed walking again. I then got brave right at this point. I went on and said to Peggy; We are alone together now. Would you do it now since we are alone? Peggy only smiled back at me. She didn't say yes or no back to me.

That left me wondering as now Peggy pointed over to where there was two Mustangs sitting next to each other. The thoughts about Peggy went right out of my mind at that point. My inteest was now on the two Mustangs. But with our talking that we had been doing had me in a erect state as far as my penis inside of my jeans.

I walked over to one Mustang while Peggy went to the other one. Both of us lifted up the hoods on them together. As it turned out both were automatics so either radiator was usable at first look. I knew better to look both of them over better. As it turned out the Mustang that Peggy had looked in waas the better looking of the two so that was the radiator I would remove.

So Peggy and I both took out socket ranches and sockets from my toolbox and took out all the bolts that held the radiator on. Removed the coolent lines which bright green clean anti freeze cam out from them. Undid the two hoses and the same bright green antifreeze cam out from the botom. That was a great sighn that this radiator was good. Then we lifetd it up and out of the car.

We both at the same time said Looks good! Realizing we said the same thing word for word we both laughed. Then I told Peggy we had to now go down to the house to test it. At least we don't have to walk all the way back she trold me. Thats true I was going to too. I forgot about that I had driven part way. I was squating down to pick up the radiator to take it when Peggy told me to hand on for a moment.

I asked her why. We had the radiator,the tools were back in the toolbox. So we were all set to go back. Peggy without any hesitation told me she was going to give me a answer to my question that I had asked her on the way here. I made her start to laugh for I sure had a puzzled look on my face for I didn't know what she ment. (my mind was on fixing my car) I'm going to take a piss! Peggy told me. I stood right up letting the radiator flop over on its side on the ground.

That made Peggy laugh harder. She tehn stepped over and she grabbed the radiator and leaned it up against the front fender of the Mustang. Then she stepped back in front of the Mustang reached down and unbutoned the single buton on her jeans. Right then I knew she was going in return let me watch her piss!

Peggy then pulled her zipper right down. She did take a look back which was decideing how she was going to piss. I stepped back and I sat down on the cras hood that was behind me. Peggy then pulled her jeans down slipping them over her hips showing me her bare belly first. Then she slid them down further to the point they were on her lower belly.

As I watched there was no sighn of any pubic hair yet showing. Peggy momentarilly stopped pulling her jeans down. She held them where tey were and she was staring right at me with a big smile as I stared back at her. Rght now too under my jeans I could feel my erect cok throbbing! I wanted Peggy just to keep pulling her jeans down!

Peggy didjust that. She shoved them down and sure enough there was a patch of dark brown short pubic hair that came into sight along with Peggys pussy! Now seeing her pussy I hadn't noticed that Peggy had also pulled her white panties down with her jeans. Her pussy had a short fat stubby clit poking out through the short brown pubic hair that surrounded it. There was some thin lines of pubic hair that ran along her pussys sides and side lips. They were short also. The slit opening of her pussy matched in its length as the side lips which ment her slit opening was also short.

Now Peggy was still standing up holding her jeans with her hands. She was staring back at me smiling. I was staring right at her pussy. Peggy asked me quickly; What do you think! Still a tomboy? I let out a shrt laugh. No way! Your"e ALL GIRL that's for sure! Peggy giggled and told me she knew she was! Pull them down further? I told her yes! So Peggy shoved her jeans and panties down further well past her knees. Stopped again and she squated down and pulled her jeans and panties down to her ankles.

Then Peggy did know how she wanted to piss. She took a quick look back stepping up with one foot on the front bumper of the Mustang. She also took her left hand and placed it on the front inner metal panel that held the radiator in place and she pushed off with her foot that remained on the ground and now she sat on the metal radaitor panel.

She then slid back a littel making herbody hand=g off and down frm the metal panel. Now as I watched her her body was hanging down far enough so that looking now through the open hole where the radiator had been I could see Peggys pussy, the curves of her asscheeks, and her thighs. Peggy started to piss.

Out from under her stubby clit came her piss between her slightly spreaded side lips. They were not opened far enough to see Peggys peehole. (that didn't matter!) Pattys piss stream had started hard with a nice wide head that had a nice twist in her sream and it hissed loudly! Her stream was a golden yellow color and it went outward as it gained more force behind it.

Peggy had only been pissing for several seconds and I was staring right at her pussy watching her piss. She said to me loudly; Like it? I had to look up and I told her I certainly did. Since Peggy was looking at me and not watching her piss stream and now either was I. There came the sound of some soft drumming. That made both of us look down right then. What had happened that Peggys piss stream had moved far enough forward and she was piss in on the back of her crumpled jeans!

As I looked Peggy said Oh Shit! She also must have squeezed hard seeing that she was pissing on her jeans I saw her stream suddenly thin down, fall back and come to a dribbling stop. Pegggy then told me as she restarted her piss that she would have to change when she got back to the house. I told her Ok little Miss pissy pants! Peggy stuck out her tounge at me and then she looked down at her piss stream making sure that she would piss on her jeans anymore. I went back watching her piss too.

For th rest of her piss Peggys stream wasthinner still had a twist in it but would hiss off and on. It never angled out as far either so she didn't piss on her jeans. Her stream eased up slowly though and she wound up pissing some in side the car some and then came to a dribbling stop. There was nothing to wipe herself with after Peggy finished. She had already hopped down off from the car now and she sqauted down to pull up her panties and jeans.

I did ask Peggy if she pissed on her panties too. Peggy sqauting still reached down and pulled her white panties out from her jeans. She felt them with her hand. I didn't just my jeans she sad back to me. They are going to get wet when I do pull my jeans up. Peggy pulled up her white panties and then she was going to pull up her jeans next.

I told her wait Peggy! Take your jeans off and just wear your panties. You'll stay dry. Peggy giggled and told me at least someone was thinking. So she leaned back against the Mustang and took her jeans off. I went and grabbed the radiator and she her jeans and my toolbox we walked back to my Mustang got in and I drove down to the house.

Noone was still yet home when I pulled up to the house. More for Peggythen me I thought to myself as we got out of the car together. Peggy told me she would be right back out and she ran inside with her piss soaked jeans. I watched her go and then I opened my hood,grabbed the radiator and tool box and started taking out my radiator. Peggy came out several minutes later. She had put on a old pair of tight jeans shorts. We both went on and replaced my radiator with the one we had take out.

As it turned out the radiator turned out great with no leaks in it at all. I ws very happy about it. So was Peggy. We then took a break and sat on the front porch together and drank a soda while we sat there. I thanked Peggy for her help and she told me no problem. We even talked about going out together too so we did make a date to go out. Also I mentioned that I would also like to change the dashboard in my car. The Mustang that I had had one type of styled dashboard with idiot ligts instead of guages. So Peggy said to me; Lets go look for one! So back in my car and we drove back up into the junkyard. To be continied.

