Accident on the plane

9th June 2008, 06:24 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

Kenny watched nervously out the window of the plane, seeing only thick dark clouds. The turbulence made the liquid in his swollen bladder slosh and shake, and the "fasten seatbelt" sign showed no signs of going off. He glanced nervously out of the corner of his eye at Anna, who had her nose buried in a magazine.

He couldn't believe how long the flight was taking. It seemed like three hours ago that he had rushed to the gate just in time, although he knew it was less than forty-five minutes. The large coffee and bottle of water that he'd drank on his way to the airport were now catching up to him with a vengeance, demanding release from his overfilled bladder. He shifted position, trying to ease the pressure.

Kenny's eyes kept darting to the front of the plane, where the bathroom sign hung unlit. He desperately wanted to unbuckle his seatbelt and squeeze past Anna and rush into the toilet, fumbling with his zipper, before it was too late-- but he had already been chastised once by the stewardess. He loosened his belt as much as he could and pressed his legs together, feeling the sweat rise up on the back of his neck.

"Kenny," said Anna after a while, noticing his tenseness and harried expression, "are you all right?"

"Yes. I'm fine."

"Are you feeling sick?"

Kenny grit his teeth. "I'm fine."

Anna shrugged. "Alright."

A sudden burst of turbulence hit the plane and Kenny's bladder sent out hot desperate surges of pain, warning of imminent collapse. Kenny squirmed uncomfortably, trying to keep control. His hands kept darting for his crotch but he had to keep them away so Anna wouldn't see him squeezing himself. The plane rocked again, and then suddenly seemed to freefall for half a second, making Anna gasp from the motion and Kenny moan as a burst of hot piss escaped his bladder and soaked into his jeans.

"Wow!" Anna put her hand to her heart and looked over at him, her face suddenly falling as she noticed his predicament. "That was... Kenny? Did you just piss yourself?'

"Shut up, Anna!"

"But your--"

Kenny bit his tongue inside his mouth, struggling to keep the tides inside him. His abdomen was rock-hard, bulged and swollen where his bladder poked out, and he had never had to piss this badly. Every breath seemed to bring a surge of desperation

. He knew he couldn't hold it for another five minutes, let alone long enough for the plane to land and for him to deboard it. Another wave of urgent heat passed through him and, despite himself, he reached down and squeezed his cock hard. He felt piss filling his urethra, only his fingers holding it back.

"Kenny!"

"I have to piss, alright? I really have to fucking piss and the fucking stewardess--"

"Well, get up again! She has to let you go!"

Kenny struggled out of his seatbelt, trying to keep holding himself with one hand. He stood up and tried to make his way past Anna. He was barely in the aisle when the stewardess came by again, prim and blond, shouting disapprovingly at him.

"Sir! I've told you, you HAVE to stay in your seat!"

"Please," he hissed, wishing desperately that she would lower her voice. "It's an emergency!"

"I'm sorry, sir, but you may not leave your seat while the fasten seatbelt sign--"

"I'm going to fucking piss myself!"

"Sir!" She put her hands on her hips, balking at his language. "I'm sure you can hold it!"

Light laughter followed, and Kenny sat down with his face burning in shame. He felt tears prick the corners of his eyes. He didn't dare fasten his seatbelt again, and thankfully the stewardess had moved on. Anna looked at him with wide eyes as he grabbed himself and shook one leg frantically, doing all that he could to hold it in.

"Kenny," whispered Anna. "Are you gonna be okay?"

He shook his head.

"It's only another half hour."

"I can't hold it, Anna. I have to go. I have to go NOW."

"But you can't."

Kenny breathed hard, kneeding his dick, aware that others were looking at him but unable to stop. "I have to. I have to."

"What are you gonna do?"

"I don't know!"

The plane shook with turbulence and Kenny made a strangled groaning noise as another hot, sputtering burst of piss soaked into his boxers and jeans. The wet spot on his thigh was now the size of a golf ball. Anna stared at it and then at his face, and when she looked down it had grown to the size of an orange.

"Oh, Kenny... Kenny, don't!"

"I can't hold it..." He bent over nearly in half, contorting his body into a ridiculous position. "It's coming out, it's coming out..."

The weak, strained muscles of his bladder fluttered and burned, hot trickles of piss forcing their way out and into his urethra, dribbling between his pinched fingers. He moaned again. He straightened up tight and clenched his legs together and then spread them apart, grabbing with both hands at his crotch. Anna only stared, flushing, at this obscene display. With panting breath and sweat on his forehead Kenny braved another shaking thump of the plane, as Anna mumbled in disbelief beside him.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," hissed Kenny, as another spurt of piss welled up around his fly, shimmering in the light, then sunk back down into the fabric. He kneaded his dick in a desperate attempt to stem the flow. Just when he got it under control, the plane jerked again, and the sudden sideways movement made the liquid in Kenny's bladder slosh violently. It was more than he could take. With an audible groan and a tensing of all his muscles, Kenny felt his sphincter give way. Hot, steaming piss rushed from his bladder into his trembling dick and surged out hissing into his jeans, soaking the denim, spurting up in shimmering streams and pooling between his legs. Anna gasped and began to flap her hands around in dismay.

Kenny could only sit there, shaking, completely immobile as his huge, swollen bladder burst and forced out its floods. He pissed too fast for the seat to absorb and so it began to spill over the edge, splattering onto the floor, running under the seats of his neighbors-- who were already lifting up their shoes in disgust. Still he could not stop. His urine surged out from him in a neverending flood from his limp, spent dick; his bladder slowly drained and the red bulge on his stomach began to grow smaller. The relief was almost orgasmic. Piss spurted up from the fabric of his jeans and splashed back into the puddle between his legs, making a loud splattering sound that echoed around the cabin. Kenny could feel everyone's eyes piercing him as he voided himself in his pants, wetting uncontrollably all over the seat...

