A Public Service Announcement

5th November 2010, 10:12 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

… On behalf of the writers here on PeeSearch.

Every time you read a story that you enjoy here on PeeSearch, please take the time post a comment. Writing a story is not an easy task. When someone does so, they want to know that their efforts are appreciated.

A lot of good comes out of leaving an author feedback. One, he or she knows that their story was liked and appreciated, and will be more likely to write and post stories in the future. Two, it provides them feedback on what you like to read in a story, encouraging them to incorporate those ideas into future stories.

A lack of feedback can lead to negative results. When I posted the third chapter of my Chrissy and Elizabeth series, I initially received no feedback. I then practically begged for feedback, posting a question as to which way I should go with future stories in that series. I received only two replies, only one of which really seemed to have interest in the stories and characters. I almost quit writing stories completely. I actually would have quit if I didn't have a story on my mind that I really wanted to write, a story where the heroine, Kim, discovered her fetish in a very similar manner as my own. I had it planned as a three part series, and initially only received minimal feedback for the first story. Had that continued with the other two chapters I would have stopped writing completely. That might be a blessing to some, but over time I have found that there is at least a small subset of posters here who, for whatever reason, happen to like my stories.

A similar thing seemed to happen to another potential series of stories from a different author. pbabe18 wrote this story, which was based on the Twilight series of books. I have never read the source material, and don't intend to, but I found this story to be extremely hot, and wanted to read more. The interest from this board didn't seem to be there, however, as, initially, only Rude and I commented on the story. Sadly, there were never any sequels written.

Now I realize that board rules make it a little difficult to post responses. Write «Wow, that was hot!» as your complete response and you will soon find that the mods have removed your post. There are two courses of action that one might take after that - start writing longer replies, or stop writing replies all together. Unfortunately human nature will generally favor the second option. I'm asking you try the first instead.

It isn't really hard to give a longer response. Make your short response your first sentence. Follow that with a couple of sentences that explain why you liked the story. Was it well written? Did you enjoy the pissing and/or sex scenes? Did it cover your favorite aspect of this fetish (i.e. wetting, naughty pissing, golden showers, drinking, etc.)? Did it remind you of a real life event that happened to you or a fantasy of yours? Whatever it is that made you really enjoy the story, tell the author. That's it. You'll have a mod proof reply, and you will help to insure that you read more stories like that from the author in the future.

It may seem like those three or so sentences will be hard to write, but it's nothing compared to the effort the author made in writing the story. Please, please post a response to every single story on here that you enjoy - or at least the stories where the author is still an active member of PeeSearch. The authors of these stories will thank you for it.

