Roommates Part 6

19th April 2013, 05:06 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Denise was out of her clothes fast as the followed Starla down the hall to the bathroom. It was almost as if her body were working on its own, without her control, as they entered the bathroom. Starla reached into the linen closet and dropped two towels on the floor. She stepped into the shower and Denise followed.

As soon as the water was on, splashing over their bodies, their hands started exploring each other. Denise moaned as she felt Starla's fingers delicately caressing her inner thighs. She ran her own fingers through Starla's hair and pressed her body closer, feeling Starla's full breasts against her own small but perky breasts. They kissed lightly, nervously, as the warm water splashed over them.

"I have to pee again," Denise admitted. Starla kissed her neck softly and pressed her body closer, not showing any sign of letting her go anywhere. "I'm going to pee on you," she warned. Denise moaned as she just let go. She felt Starla press her leg between hers as her flow started. She could not stifle a gasp as Starla started gently rubbing her thigh against her vagina. This was a new and intense feeling as she pressed down and peed full force, the spray of her urine warming her crotch and Starla's thigh.

As Denise continued to pee, Starla pressed her own vagina against Denise's thigh and Denise scooted forward more, bringing their bodies even closer. They were humping each other's legs now, gasping and panting together. "Oh, here it comes," Starla cried out and Denise immediately felt the warmth of her urine, a surprising contast to the warm shower water, as it soaked her thigh and dripped to the tub beneath them.

When her flow subsided, Denise started rocking harder and could not resist reaching a hand to her vagina. Starla pushed it away, though, and replaced it with her own. Denise gasped as her body began to tingle. She reached her own hand down, searching for Starla's vagina. As she felt the warm urine splash her fingers, she resisted the urge to pull away and instead caressed Starla's clitoris as the warm pee soaked her hand.

Within seconds, both girls cried out, Denise nearly falling to her knees in ecstasy as she screamed.

After washing each other, Starla turned off the water and yanked open the shower curtain. She stepped out onto the towels and without saying anything, began to pee freely. Denise watched as it sprayed messily from Starla's vagina, splashing against her thighs and to the floor.

Not wanting to be outdone, Denise stepped out of the tub and sat on the tile floor. She scooted one of the towels close to her and closed her legs over it. Ger eyes closed and mouth open, Denise let go with a sigh. She relished the warmth as it enveloped her crotch and inner thighs. She opened her legs and peed full force into the towel, not opening her eyes but enjoying the delicate trickling sound as her flow subsided.

Next... do roommates become bedmates?

