Pool Pals (Part Three)

3rd February 2008, 08:34 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Cheryl had flipped over on her stomach when Kiki and Danielle returned. They could hear her snoring lightly. As they spread out on their lounge chairs, Kiki started to ask Danielle about diapers.

«It's tough to explain,» Danielle said. «I mean, it feels amazing because everything becomes hot and wet when you pee because it all fills up in the diaper. It spreads all up the front and back and warms your vagina and your butt. And if you go full stream, you can really hear your pee hissing against the fabric.»

«I've got to try that,» Kiki said. She looked over at her mother and was not surprised to see the crotch of her bathing suit shining with wetness again as another trickle fell from the lounge chair.

«Is she awake?» Danielle asked.

«I don't really know.» Kiki grabbed the lotion and rubbed some of it on her arms, legs, and face. «So, have you ever worn the diapers out, like in public?» She handed the lotion to Danielle.

«No, because Mom was pretty sure my «problem' was bedwetting and I kind of wanted to keep it that way. If she knew I was going on purpose, she would be furious.»

«Good point,» Kiki said. She pulled the lever on her chair and lay back. She had to close her eyes to keep the afternoon sun from blinding her. «But we've got to try that together some time, wearing adult diapers out.»

«Definitely,» Danielle agreed.

Cheryl was having another amazing fantasy. She was standing in a large unfamiliar shower, perhaps in a hotel somewhere, enjoying the strong splashes of water against her breasts. As she did this, a muscular set of arms reached from behind her and one of the strong hands began to caress her left nipple. She moaned and felt waves of pleasure surge through her.

Her bladder began to send signals and since she was in the shower anyway, she let loose and began to pee a great stream that splashed against her thighs and flowed freely down her legs to the shower floor. Seconds after her stream began, she felt the stranger's other strong hand travel slowly down her belly and to her vagina. The stranger spread apart her lips with his fingers and slipped them in to touch her clitoris. This sent her stream spraying wildly against the wall of the shower, but she did not stop it. Instead, she pressed harder and cried out as the stranger stroked her clitoris and she peed uncontrollably all over his hand and the shower wall.

When her flow stopped, he turned her around and pressed her against the glass door of the shower. He remained behind her, so she still could not see his face; but she felt his great arms as he grabbed her bottom and pulled her closer to him. Then, she felt his enlarged penis as it entered her quickly and easily. He slipped in and out of her as she willingly rocked back and forth onto him. His massive hands did not stop caressing her all over her body. Finally, he grunted and she cried out as she felt warm semen envelop her vagina.

After he pulled out of her, Cheryl felt something else warm travel up her back and drip back down. He was grunting with relief and she realized he had just peed on her. The stream seemed to go on forever as it trickled down her buttocks and snaked down her thighs. Cheryl felt the need to pee again. She gasped and just let it happen as her flow joined his down her thighs and to the shower floor.

Then, he was gone, leaving her alone with the flowing shower and a mixed feeling of satisfaction and disappointment.

