Garden party with a twist

1st May 2008, 01:52 PM

Author: SmoothOperator

Location: Europe (Sex: Couple) Posts: 61

I've been fascinated by women who can cum from the leg squeeze technique for some time now. One thing I notice in all the women who can cum from it always have a huge sex drive.

Some years ago when I was 28, I was at my buddies house and we were all enjoying ourselves in their garden. Some of them sat in the shadow under an open party tent.i and some girls were having a good time in the sun . I didn't know all the people well so I was making sure to be on good behavior especially with not having wandering eyes on the girls.

Which at first was no problem, but then I noticed that one of them sitting in the grass close to me, kept opening her legs really wide with her swollen pussy staring right at me (through her bikini bottoms).

Everyone else was now sitting under the big party tent, preoccupied with a laptop, -video game or whatever. I then noticed that when she would close her legs, she squeezed tightly and in a rhythmic way when she laid on her side.

She'd switch it up with crossing her legs, sitting indian style rubbing her mound with one of her heels, opening wide and then laying on her side squeezing secretly, after awhile I noticed her clench her legs together very tightly and stretched her upper body so her mound was pressing against a pillow she had beneath her.

She stayed like that for 20 seconds and at the end let out a nice controlled sigh as people will do sometimes after stretching, but I'm sure she came. I was leaking precum bad at that point.

I alo noticed a wet patch in the crotch of her bikini bottom.

After a bit of that I couldn't help it and was stealing glances of her swollen pussy, I'm pretty sure she raised the waistband a bit so it was clearly visible. It was driving me insane. Then at some point it was just me and her on the gras, that's when she REALLY opened wide with her bottoms hugging her extremely tightly. I was dying to just stare at it, but she'd have easily caught me so I was looking at it indirectly. Though after awhile I couldn't help but look and sure enough she caught me almost right away at first I had the dear in the headlights look on my face (because I wasn't sure she'd be mad, even though I'm certain she was trying to get me to look) then I turned it into a goofy grin and I'm pretty sure she smiled back and nothing was said.

When her boyfriend would leave the tent, she'd open wide probably fixated on if I was looking and as soon as her boyfriend came back in the tent she closed her legs right away.

When everyone was gone again I noticed her pressing her heel into her mound and sometimes resting her forearm on it moving it gently. Then she went for another orgasm.

She crossed her legs and squeezed like no tomorrow. It only took a matter of 3 to 4 squeezes to hear her pussy crackling with juices, it was so loud she might have well been fingering herself and she didn't stop squeezing even though she was making noise, she got even more into it.

Then she came again, shaking noticably as she let out a moan of pleasure.

My cock was rock hard in my shorts and as she opened her eyes and and caught me looking at her. She smiled when she saw my hard on.

Right after she let out a sigh of relief and shuddered one last time, and as she did, a hissing sound came from hear shorts area.

"Sorry", she panted, "but I cant controll my body sometimes and we are outside".

I nodded in amazement while I watched her peeing herself.

I felt my dick trobbing a couple of times, and then I orgasmed quietly without touching myself.My semen just pumped out of me and made a big wet patch in the front of my shorts.

She said "wow, did I cause that?"

Right then the others were comming back, so we both turn ourselves around and rolled over on our stummachs to dry.

Nothing did ever happen between Kerry and I, but I sure would love to see her cum again and again..

