Clare at the party

4th March 2006, 10:27 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Another experience.

True. Not imagined or bigged-up. Minor detail a little hazier, thanks to the alcohol involved!

We were at a party; Clare was a little younger than me, so this was her college friends, assorted boyfriends / girlfriends and me. We were in a lakeside house, a single storey affair, with a large panoramic living room and a number of smaller rooms, including the bedrooms, off to one end.

Anyway. As students do, these got drunk. So did I, in order not to feel left out I suppose. We mucked around by the lakeside for a while until we got rollocked by some jumped up gamekeeper / warden type who was convinced that we were hiding his precious fish in our pockets! The house had a landing stage to the lake, so we thought we had every right to sit down under the trees, smoke whatever students smoke, and chill! Not this bloke though. If it wasn't for the fact that he threatened us with his dog….. Anyway ultimately we had a good, relaxed time of it.

I think we (Or they) were celebrating the end of exams or something. Clare had needed to pee while we were down there; we were not alone on the shore, and until this warden turned up, we were planning to lag behind and catch the rest of our group later so at least she could pee outside. Sadly, it was not to be - and with no privacy in the garden, Clare, having spent some minutes with her legs crossed, doing her discreet pee dance, had to give in and use the bathroom. «Never mind» she said on her return, «There are bound to be other times» That was it, I thought. No fun tonight then.

When, eventually the time came to crash out somewhere; Clare and I managed to grab hold of the cushions from a sofa, which was not in itself big enough to sleep on, but with the back and seat cushions on the floor, was enough for us to construct a makeshift double bed.. We put them behind the sofa itself, and added our sleeping bags, opened out and doubled, to make one large one and got out of everyone else's way. The bedrooms had long since been reserved for VIP couples , but we only had three or four other people for company. They might have been able to hear us if they were awake and sober - but I doubt that they were.

Once in our makeshift bed, it was not long before I discovered that my wonderful girlfriend had been holding her pee for me again. We had, by now, managed to find a way of making this experience mutually beneficial when horizontal, and it worked like this. Clare would lay on top of me (naked) and gently nuzzle her clit against my balls. If sitting, she would do this while gently massaging me. Apart from being able to arouse herself, while arousing me; we found that when desperate, just being tickled by my pubes would get her wetting unless she physically held herself. Her desperation, coupled with involuntary wetting on her part, was sometimes enough to get me to orgasm without the use of her hand! This night, though, we had the added issue of the cushions. They were not ours, and I've never been one for the destruction of other people's property.

We got around this by pushing two cushions apart, so that there was a gap between the lower part of my back and thighs. (Carpets were fair game - they get lots of things spilt on them. Warped logic, but it's mine. OK?). Clare supported herself above me, and we kissed. «Do you want a shower then?» she asked; I replied that it would be nice, but was just a little concerned about the noise! Clare said that she would see what could be done, but was bursting to go and either I got some of it, or she would have to go to the bathroom soon, or wet herself anyway. We kissed again. I was already hard, and felt her press down against me as we continued to kiss passionately. «How long can you wait?» I asked. «Not long» came the reply. After a short while, she lifted herself slightly. Still kissing and nuzzling, I then felt a trickle of warm pee, as she relaxed slightly. It flowed down onto my balls, before making its way down onto the floor.

There was enough natural light for me to be able to see the expression on Clare's face, and I gathered from the frown that she was trying to let her pee out slowly, in an attempt to prevent any hissing or splattering. Stating the obvious I said «You're wetting yourself» «I can't help it. Your pubes are tickling me» «Can you stop?» I asked, and Clare responded by letting more pee out, a faint hiss audible this time, before she managed to regain control. «I'm really going to have to go» she said. «It's going to come out soon if I stay like this - I'll flood the place» Before letting her go off to the bathroom to empty properly, I moved forward and down slightly so my cock was nudging her pussy lips. She guided me inside her and we spent a few delightful minutes with her riding me. She dare not reach orgasm, for fear of leaking big time, so this had to be slow and sensuous. She kept her eyes closed; I loved watching her when we had sex, but this was as much about concentration as arousal. I, naturally, wanted it to last, but with a few carefully chosen whispers; «Sweetheart, I'll burst if you make me wait much longer - I really need to go to the bathroom - Please!» I came inside her, and made the trip even more necessary.

That's not quite where it ends though! In the early morning, as one or two people around us were stirring, we awoke. As was customary, we embraced, and while doing this, my hand generally found its way between her legs! «I'm dying to pee» she said, taking my hand and gently guiding it elsewhere. We were still naked, and the prospect of getting dressed - and presumably staying that way, so she could empty her bladder got my mind going. It was, after all, full and emptying it would be a waste!

«You could give me another shower» I said, and a mischievous grin spread across Clare's adorable features. She giggled and queried whether we could get away with it. I assured her that we could, as long as we were quiet. With our opened out sleeping bags over the top of us, she again lay over me. This time, I had very few seconds to wait - and being early morning, Clare's control was not quite so good. I felt a trickle, as before, but this time it was soon followed by a more powerful gush with accompanying hiss! - Clare was losing control and was actually wetting herself. Her pee ran across my abdomen, and onto the cushions, as well as onto the floor. As ever, her face was one of wonder as her pee forced its way out of her bladder.

«I told you I was desperate» «Can you stop it?» I asked - This was totally arousing, but I was a little concerned about being caught. Clare closed her eyes, and managed to get things under control agai, with her stream dying to a trickle, before stopping. «Oops» she said. «I didn't mean to do that. It's always more difficult to hold it in the morning». We fucked.

Quietly, but Clare's bladder was realistically only about half full now thanks to that little accident, so she too was able to relax and we screwed slowly and carefully until both of us were satisfied. Clare then went of to the bathroom. On her return, I too went and cleaned up a bit. By the time I returned, Clare had tidied up the sleeping bags, and put the cushions back on the sofa. Nothing showed. I raised an eyebrow, and got a wink in return. She pulled one of the sofa-back cushions forward a bit, and showed me a rather large, damp stain. Guilt? It lasted; ooh! 5 seconds…

