Being Drunk And Pissing Part 9

12th March 2010, 02:33 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I was outside now shoveling the snow. There was well over a foot of snow inpots in front of Terrys place. Other spots there was leess or more where the wond had made it drift. So it was hard to tell how much had really fallen so far. The street that passed in front of Terrys place had been plowed but as I noticed it too had some snow drifts in it and there was at least for inches of new snow over it also. The snow was still falling hard but as far as the wind it was not blowing as hard as it had been.

I had done from her front door to the alley. I had just started going the other way out to the corner to the intesction. Terry came outside with a shovel in her hand. I smiled and told her I was glad she came outside to help. Terry told me I didn't and shouldn't have to shovel it all by myslef so we both started shoveling together. I was very glad for her help for now it wouldn't take as long to get it done.

Soon we reached the corner and started along the side of her place. Then we noticed that the large overhaed metal awning over the barbershops door was laying in the snow. That was what we must have heard that made the big bang that had woke us up so early this morning. Terry said she had the phone number of the barbershop. He was her landlord also. She would tell him what had happened.

Soon we were done with the shoveling. We hurried back inside. Terry and I took off our boots, hats, and gloves. Terry then asked me if I wanted a mug of coffe for she had made more. I told her that I did. Terry and I walked back to the kitchen. She poured me a mug of coffee. I noticed that I could smell the oder of mull wine in the kitchen so I asked Terry had she made some. She told me she had and had drank one before she had come out. She poured herself another one and she told me relax she was gong to call her landlord and tell him about the awning.

I sat ther sipping and enjoyed my coffee Terry called her landlord. Before she got a answer she told me that the phones were working they were not out due to the storm like the power was. She then heard her landlord and she told him about the awning. Then she hng up. She grabbed her mugof heated mull wine and took a good long sip and then said to me; How bout that bath now?

I smiled told Terry that sounds good right now. So we both got up Terry taking her mug of hot mull wine and I my cup of coffee. We went into her bathroom. We set our mugs down. Terry started running the water for our bath. Letting the tub fill we then stripped each other down taking each others clothes off. Then we waited for the tub to fill for Terry was going to fill the tub right up. She and I took more sips from our mugs as thewe waited for the tub to fill.

Then the tub was filled and we carefully got into it. Terry had filled it with very hot water. It was very hot for the water was slightly steaming. It did feel real good though. Terry was at the back end of the tub facing me while I was at the eah of the tub facing her. Terry must have been used to taking such hot baths for she sat right down in the hot steamy water. I only had squated down and had yet to sit.

Terry seeing that I had yet to sit down asked me why I hadn't. I told her the water was real hot. I myslef don't have the water this hot. Then I told her that I would burn my balls off if I did sit down now! Terry burst out iunto hard laughter. By saying that I would burn my balls if I had sat down I did partaily mean it. At least for me my balls were sensitive to heat and cold. I thought that many other guys balls may be this way that may be reading this right now!

So I wated several minutes before I did try to sit down in the tub. When I made my attempt to sit the way I did it was that I slowly went downmaking my ass and especialy my balls just touch the water. It was still plenty hot and I raised back up from the water! This made Terry laugh. I kept on dipping down going just a litle futher down each time I went. Then I got used to the waters temperature and sat down. I had got used to it. Terry had laughed all durring the attempts that I had done to getting used to the hot water with my ocnstant uyp and down dipping.

We both now relaxed soaking up the feeling of having the heat from the water over most of our bodies. Terry and I talked some saying about how good it felt, some about the storm outside still going on, takeing sips from our mugs, Terry her mull wine and me my coffee. Time went right by. After I would have said twenty minutes which the bath water had cooled down only a little bit so it was still very warm Terry who was stretched right out with her fet betwen my stretched out legs pulled her legs back so she was sitting then she got right up and sat down on the end edge of the tub.

I asked Terry if she was getting out. Terry told me she wasn't but she did she was smiling. I found out in a very few short seconds Terry's reason why she got out from the tub and was siting on the end of it like she was. Out from her pussy came a hard sraying loud hissing stream of piss! Terry looked right at me with now even a bigger smile! Terry also said to me; I had to piss that's why I got out. I laughed and told Terry I see that! I leaned back and watched her piss.

Her piss made a pretty good splash in the clear water of the tubs water wwhere her stream was hitting the water. Her spraying piss adde to the splashing by hitting the water in many spits making more ripples in the water. Her stream was a cloudy white not yellow. Now watchng Terry piss also began to make my cock come alive for it was starting to get erect.Teer y saw that it was too. The bath water being clear she could see my cock getting longer and was slowly starting to swing upward in the baths water.

Then Terry suddenly slipped back down nto the tub! As she did she was still pissing. She stretched her legs right out but when she did she slid one leg betwen my legs and took her foot putting it right up into my crotch and took her toes and began rubbing them on my cock! Terry let out a hard giggle as she now rbbed her ties on my cock. She may have been gggling about doing this or it could have ben the look on my face tha made her giggle. But it id work for with her toes rubbing my ock it got harder that much faster!

Terry then asked me if I liked it or not. Your cock seems to like it! I did tell Terry that it did fel real good! Just that I never had this done this way using toes instead of a hand! That made Terry laugh. Then Terry told me that her and Tony always played footsies when they bathed together. So I moved one of my feet over and took my big toe and started to massage Terrys clit with it. Now she had a big as smile on her face as I had. Also two even with the warm bath water on that foot I could feel added warmth on my foot. Terry was still pissing! That was only for a few seconds then she stopped.

Terry and I went on playing footsie in the tub for quite sometime. Then we had to stop. The water had become tepid just barely warmer then our bodies temperature. Terry said she wanted to get out now and so did I. So we pulled our legs back and we both stood up. Hey don't get out yet I told Terry. I need topiss and I want to piss in the tub. Terry was all for it for she stepped up to me reached down and took a hold now on my erect cock and aimed it down at the tubs water.

I started to piss. I sent a hard stream down pasing between Terry's legs and hit the water under her with a good splash. After pissing about ten seconds Terry smiled and told me that my piss was warming up the water around her legs. I chuckled a litle. You can always sit back down Terry I said to her and warm up more of you I also went on saying to her. Terry too then laughed a little but said no thank you back to me.

I went on and took a pretty long piss. I did several hard spurts in a row to finsih up. Then we did get out of the tub. Terry pulled the drain to empty the tub and we started drying each other off in a platfull manner. With our playing footsie while n the tub we were both aroused now. While we dried each other after dabbing Terry;s breasts off with the woel I leaned over and kisssed her nipples and gave them quick sucks too as I moved the towel down loer drying her off.

Terry had dried all of my upper body off by the time I started with my teasing her breasts with my kissing and suckng on her nipples. So Terry instead of doing any more drying with the towel had dropped it on thefloor. She had my still wet cock in hand and was slwly slidin gher hand up and down it. We did this for several good minutes. Then Terry pulled my head away so I no longer could kiss and suck her breats. She had also stopped her nice slow stroking her hand on my cock. Come on lets get finished drying off. Then we can fool around.

