Traffic Jam Desperation  (true story)

10th October 2012, 05:49 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

A few years ago, we had a PGA tour in my small town of about 5000 people. It was Friday night, golf had just ended for the day, the Black Eyed Peas were in town for a concert which meant traffic was crazy. We're talking 2 hours to go a single mile. I was on my way to the concert, parking was in a large field a 1/2 mile from my house.

Right before reaching the field entrance, three ladies in their mid 20's hopped out of a BMW directly in front of me. They were all three wearing black dresses, had high heels, were extremely fit, tan, and had a nice rack. Two were blondes and one was a brunette. As they climbed from their car one of the blondes flashed me a smile before a roll of toilet paper popped into my view. They walked to an old barn that stood in a field just to the right of my car. They went right beside the barn out of the view of traffic behind me, while leaving me in full view. They were literally no more than 12 feet away and they all lined up across.

They pulled their dresses up around their waist simultaneously. One of the blonde's was wearing a hot pink thong which she dropped to her ankles as she sat her toilet paper on the ground. She was stacked with large thighs, a skinny waste, and tits that flowed over the top of her dress. The other blonde was fairly thin and didn't quite have the assets that the other was blessed with. She pulled her black lacy panties down and assumed a position right next to the blonde with the pink thong. The brunette was just as well endowed as the first blonde. Thick thighs, skinny waist, and tits that looked even larger than the blonde's! She raised her dress to expose some very noticeable tan lines. She wasn't wearing any panties.

Both blonde's were fully shaved as the brunette had a very thin landing strip right above her lips. As the brunette squatted the other two were just beginning their streams. They were all three laughing and giggling as the first two blondes expressed their concern over someone getting mad about them pissing on their property. The brunette responded to them "Fuck it. I have to piss and I'm not waiting." The smaller blonde was a gusher. Her pee was very yellow and I could make out a large rock in which she was squatted over soaking. She sighed slightly. The larger blonde was on the end angled toward the brunette squatted in the middle. Her stream was a jet as big around as my index finger. It was clear and obviously had a lot of pressure behind it. It arched up and fell a couple feet in front of her. You could hear it drill the ground.

The brunette yelled at her "You're fucking pissing on my heels, you whore!" The blonde responded "Well, you're the dumbass who squatted right in front of me! I have to fucking go, so you better move or I'll soak you." The brunette scooted back as the blonde continued her desperate pee. The brunette then let loose over a concave chunk of concrete. She was obviously holding back presumably not wanting to splash herself. Her pee had a slight yellowish tinge and came out somewhere between a trickle and a gush. The smaller blonde was now finished and from what I could tell, the entire top of the roughly 3 ft. diameter rock she was squatted over was drenched with pee running down over the sides of it.

"Throw me the toilet paper, bitch." she yelled toward the larger blonde. "Hold on, I'm still pissing!" replied the other. The larger blondes stream was now all but finished as she tossed the toilet paper. She pushed out a few more spurts which flew just as far as the original stream. The other blonde had ran a piece of toilet paper over her pussy several times before tossing it to the ground beside the rock. The brunette was now mid gush as her pee was beginning to fill up the depression in the concrete forming a little pond. I could hear her pee flowing into the puddle making a cascading waterfall sound. "You threw your paper on the ground you dumb bitch." the one blonde scolded the other. "My paper isn't any worse than your river of piss over there." she sarcastically replied. The brunette was still flowing with no end in sight.

"Hurry up, you're taking forever, and you hand me the toilet paper. We're going to get caught." the blonde in the pink thong warned the other two. "I told you, I don't care! I have to piss and if anyone doesn't like it, they best not fucking look. Her puddle had to be 2 ft. around and 1 1/2 inch deep. She was just beginning to slow as the other blonde finished wiping and tossed her wad of paper to the ground also. Both blondes pulled up their underwear and lowered their dresses as the blonde in the pink thong acknowledged the brunette's impressive pool.

"Holy hell, no wonder you didn't care about getting caught. You just gave these people a fucking pond." The brunette was now just dripping in the puddle when she received the paper. She was laughing hysterically and said "Maybe I should buy them some fucking goldfish as a thank you for letting me piss on your property present." She wiped while beginning to stand up before tossing her paper into the center of the puddle. It quickly disappeared sinking in the puddle as it dissolved in the piss.

All three ladies again walked beside my car with the brunette flashing a smile and a quick wink before she climbed into the back of her BMW.

Seeing three classy ladies exhibit such filthy behavior and language and not have a care in the world was a certain turn on! I seriously wish that it would of been video recorded because they were all smoking hot, pissed like racehorses, and wasn't a bit ashamed by it. Also wish there hadn't been so many people around because I would of photographed their huge puddles, the brunette's small pond, and the toilet paper in which they wiped with!

