Morgan (Part III)

15th March 2020, 04:26 PM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

Morgan (Part III)

###

(This story contains female desperation, masturbation, incontinence, wetting, body odor, and lesbian sex themes. If you are into all that, please continue. As with all my stories, much of it is based on my real life experiences and fantasies and I love sharing them here. -xo Jess)

Continued from "Morgan (Part II)" here:

$/community/...-part-ii/66658/

Things were moving very fast with Morgan. We were texting several times per day and now having 'dates.' We have had sex and peed on each other from day one. I started to realize that I was really falling in love with her, but I was trying hard to keep emotional distance as to not get hurt in case it doesn't work out....I couldn't believe this fantasy was real, but it was....and I didn't want it to end. My first tinge of 'jealousy' came from the discovery that her ex-boyfriend was still trying to get back with her. We went out for pizza and we ran into him there. He was still friendly with her, and she wasn't exactly pushing back as much as I thought she should.

After that happened, I said "he is really aggressive...scary...." She replied, "oh no, he is harmless...and I would not touch him in a million years." I felt myself get a little angry, but I tried not to show it. As if she knew what I was thinking, she hugged me and whispered in my ear, "mmmmmm- you are my sweetie, hunnie. You have nothing to worry about...." I felt myself instantly relax and we carried on. This jealousy feeling makes me nervous and I don't normally get jealous about a partner this much.

I started to wonder how far we could take things as we did so much so soon. Every time we made out, there was pee involved, and I didn't want that to stop. I wanted to explore the side of us that likes to wet and likes to be 'lazy.' I wanted to spend a day with Morgan where we just got 'lazy' and maybe wet our bed or pants anytime we wanted to.... Then we had our chance on Friday. We had our first 'weekend in.' We talked for hours on my bed, and had cocktails and we got to know each other.

I started to feel my bladder loosen and the urges were sharp. I told her that I feel like I'm going to pee my pants. Morgan said, "it's ok, I feel like I'm going to pee mine." Just then I felt my pee leaking out and I was laughing....The wetness on my crotch was spreading and she was staring at it and smiling. In a moment, I look down and pee is flooding out the crotch of Morgan's tight leggings right onto my bed. We were both laughing and kissing. I told her that I have a mattress protector because I pee the bed sometimes. She just held my hand and said "awww, that's ok. I pee the bed once in a while also...." I was so horny, I felt everything swell and get wet.

We both 69ed through our urine-soaked panties and leaked pee on each other. We didn't golden shower, but she wet her panties twice while we were playing. We were both getting very smelly with pee and our body odor was getting strong, and that was making me more and more turned on.... We were both getting very sleepy and we pulled back the covers and cuddled in the sheets both just in panties and no bra. We fell asleep in each other's arms.

The moonlight was bright through my window, and I woke up in the middle of the night, and I could see Morgan's beautiful face lit with the blue light. She was also waking up, and then she caressed me and then kissed me. I felt myself get so hot I wanted to touch her again. The smell of urine was getting really strong, almost to the point of being organic and smelly- but the smell was turning me on.... She was also getting hot and she began to deep kiss me with her tongue. Within seconds I started to feel warmth under my hips and I realized that Morgan was peeing.

She whispered in my ear "I can't hold it...." and I whispered in her ear..." it's ok, hunnie. I can't hold it either." Her pee just kept going and I reached into her panties and I felt the gush of her warm and smelly urine coating my fingers and soaking the lips of her pussy, and a puddle of Morgan's pee was forming under us. I felt a searing urge and my bladder began to loosen again where I was feeling like I was not in control. My incontinence was full-on and I lost control of my bladder in the sheets with Morgan. I was peeing for several seconds and adding to Morgan's puddle. She reached into my panties and we both rubbed each other's pussies and fingered our vaginas. We came several times and fell back asleep.

We woke up soaked and very smelly. My whole bedroom was stinky with our pee. The intense odor of our urine soaked sheets and bodies was such a turn on for me. I have never liked stale pee smell, but because it came from my sweetest Morgan, I was just so in love with the intense smell of our bodies and what we did in the bed. We began to kiss again with the morning light shining through the window. I immediately went down on Morgan. I pulled back her yellow and wet panties and started to lick her clit and vagina. The smell was amazingly strong and something about all the urine and wetness on her pussy made me come and she wasn't even touching me yet. We then 69ed again through our soaking wet panties and then we lied back in bed and we both peed again. Morgan's tale pee was all over my face. Our morning pee was strong but we didn't care and we just held each other as our pee made another puddle.

We got into t-shirts and shorts but we didn't wash and didn't change our panties. We spent the weekend peeing our pants and in bed and Sunday afternoon we finally cleaned up as it was getting so stinky and strong that it was even too much for both of us. We both thought we could get used to this....every weekend! Morgan said "I love how lazy and gross we were this weekend....so hot!!!"

To be continued.

