On Holiday Now (A new beginning) (Almost the Final part)

28th April 2011, 11:36 AM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

It is Thursday the 28th of April and later today I shall be returning to the UK, not alone though . I have been here in Spain for just over four months. So it is about time I returned I guess.

T and I had a great day yesterday (Wednesday), we went to Toremolinos late in the afternoon and had a nice meal and a bottle of wine, but I do not want to get ahead of myself. First I have to catch up with what has gone on here since last Saturday, and a lot has.

Saturday:

T was up first and she made coffee and came and woke me with a kiss on the cheek. I went into the bathroom and did what I had to do, then looked out onto the balcony and saw that T was sitting at the table naked, so I went out and joined her. The sun was once again shining brightly and it was already hot.

We sat and talked about what had happened yesterday amongst other things and decided that we would spend the day just reading, sunbathing and relaxing with some nice cold drinks.

It was just after 11.30am when we heard G's French window slide open. He came out and said good morning. He offered us a cigarette and we both took one. He asked if we minded if he sat with us in the full sun as his balcony was slightly shaded. Of course we said.

T asked if we would both like coffee and we both said yes, so she went inside and brought out three cups a few minutes later. G said that he planned on going into Fenguirola in a couple of hours as he had never been there before. So I told him which bus to catch. We sat for a while longer just chatting and having a few laughs.

G left us at about 12.45 and went off to where he wanted to go. T and I sat and read for the remainder of the day in the sun, but when it got too hot we went inside for an hour or two. We did not bother getting dressed as it was too hot for any clothes. We stayed in Saturday evening and T cooked something to eat.

NOTE:

T and I had already discussed the kind of scenario where we may find ourselves as far as T, G and myself were concerned.

It could well be that all three of us could end up together just sitting on the balcony having a drink and a chat, but at some point T has expressed that she really would like to get G and myself naked and making us both feel very horny, she wanted to see both our stiff cocks she said. T would have no problem doing that as we both know that G has shown more than just a little interest in T.

She is going to try this today and see what happens. She openly said to me that she had fully intended to be out on the balcony naked and hoped that G would look at her and join in with us.

She added that she wanted him to see her naked and that she would make sure that we both got a really good close up view of what was between her legs, as this really turns her on. I said to her, you really are getting a daring little minx. She then said, we are on Holiday, so it does not matter. We looked at one another then we chuckled to ourselves. I understood what she meant though.

We both decided that it would not be fair not having sex with G but having full sex with me whilst he was there with us. She admitted that she enjoyed holding his cock last night when he was pissing and that she wanted to feel and play with his cock when it was hard and let him cum over her;

END:

Sunday:

Another scorching day and T and I went onto the balcony and saw that G was already out there sitting at his table which he had slightly moved into the sun. He was wearing a pair of shorts.

Eventually we asked G if he wanted to sit with us and he did. We sat there talking and drinking cold drinks and an hour or so passed and as the sun gradually moved in the sky it was on T's back, so she moved her chair opposite both of us.

G got up and went to go to his apartment to get some more cold drinks, as he was walking away T said get those shorts off, he turned and smiled and said something that we could not understand. He went into his apartment and brought out three ice cold cokes, he was now naked, he had taken his shorts off. As he walked back I noticed that T's eyes were looking at his cock.

A little while later T put her coke down and got up and moved her chair slightly forward toward us and promptly put her feet up, one foot on my chair and the other on G's chair.

Although her knees were together and bent upward she was aware that we could both see between her legs, because her legs were apart from the knees downward.

We drank some more cold drinks and were telling jokes and talking generally. She still had one foot on each of our chairs and she knew that we both kept looking between her legs. Sometimes when she moved she opened her knees for a second or so.

Then without warning she parted her knees wide and looked down at herself, she had started to dribble piss right in front of us.

Her eyes were looking directly at us. Her pee was just dribbling out as I saw her trying to control it; G and I were directly in front of her, no more than three feet away. I leaned forward and put my hand on her wet Minge at the same time I moved my chair slightly to the side so that G could do the same if he wished. He did wish.

He asked T if it was Ok if he also touched her, her reply was yes, it was OK. he also leant forward and put his hand just underneath her crotch as I took my hand away. I was licking my fingers and he asked what it tasted like, I said there is only one way to find out, so he tentatively licked his fingers. T had stopped dribbling, but she said that she needed to pee soon. She had also noticed that both G and I had stiff cocks, and commented that they looked great in the sunlight.

I asked G how he liked the taste; he said it just tasted of slightly salted water. I said it is great to drink it whilst it is warm and straight from its source. T asked him outright there and then if he would like a wine tasting, we all laughed. G then said why not, I'll try anything at least once, he then put his hand on her knee and moved it to one side and stared straight at what was between T's now open legs. She then suggested that we should go and lie down on the floor.

So G and I went and lay down on the tiled balcony floor near the sun bed. T came over and kneeled down and she placed her Minge about six inches above my mouth. She looked at me and lowered herself and aimed a slow stream of piss right into my mouth. I drank it thirstily, she was still only trickling, as she was still trying to control how much she was letting go. She stopped after a couple of seconds and she lowered herself onto my mouth and I licked her lovely wet cunt.

She got off of me and then went over to G. She stood over his head and bent her knees placing herself right over G's face, G was now looking right up close to her crotch, and her juicy pussy was only inches away from his mouth. He opened his mouth a little and T started to pee very slowly, just a few dribbles, then she saw that he was drinking what she had let go and she then began to let a little more go, but not too much. G drank most of T's piss. T still did not let go full stream, she was saving it.

She stopped once again and lowered her soft wet pussy right onto his mouth, she wanted him to lick and taste her juices. She was really enjoying it. She started to move her hips from side to side and she had her eyes closed, she was gently grinding her wet cunt over his mouth. She slightly lifted herself; he was still reaching up with his tongue to taste some more of T. She got herself up and went and sat back in the chair. We could see that G's cock was now very hard. Mine was also hard just watching the two of them, lol.

We went and sat opposite T again and she leaned forward with both hands and started to play with our cocks, mine in her right hand and G's in her left hand. She was looking first at one then the other; she was gently rubbing her hands up and down both our shafts. G leaned back and moved his butt forward; it looked as though he was really enjoying what T was doing to him. She let go of our stiff cocks after a couple of minutes and said shall we go to the shower.

I knew that T had not finished pissing, so I lay on the floor and said to G she wants to give us more. He lay next to me and T put one leg either side of us. I started to run my hand up the inside of her left leg and G started to do the same with her other leg. G ran his hand all the way up her leg and she threw her head back and let out a little groan of pleasure when his fingers touched her clitoris.

She then started to piss over both of us. It went all over us as she was moving her hips backward and forward, and from side to side. G and I both kept slowly moving our hands on the inside of her thighs right near her groin whilst she was pissing.

T was now really letting out some groans of real pleasure. When she had drained herself she got hold of our hands and placed them onto her wet Minge. G and I sat up with our faces right near her groin, she stood there looking at us bending her knees and moving her hips as though she was being fucked.

G and I were playing with her clitoris and sticking a couple of fingers up her wet vagina whilst T just groaned again making even more noise. Then her legs and body went rigid and she let her cum go, she even squirted a little.

She moved closer to me and opened her legs, then she lowered herself onto my mouth and I licked her cum, then she moved to G and lowered her wet cunt onto his mouth. He now tasted her lovely juices. He had both his hands round her butt and was pulling her toward his mouth.

She lifted her groin from G's mouth and said who's for a shower; she had a really big smile on her face, when she said, that felt really nice. We all showered together and she washed us both down with her sponge thing, she did pay particular attention to our cocks though. Then G and I washed T, both of us paying particular attention to her tits and Minge, lol.

We got some cold drinks from the fridge and went and sat on the balcony once again. G's cock was getting hard again as T was sitting with her legs apart, he did not take his eyes off of her. T then just blurted out, how much she had enjoyed the last hour or so, and once again took up her position with one foot on my chair and one on G's chair, only this time she sat there with her knees and legs splayed wide open with her beautiful soft pussy staring at both G and myself just a couple of feet away.

G then asked, can I touch you again, yes came the reply from T. I then said that is what she wants us to do, look at her and touch her, she likes it. So G began to run his hands up T's suntanned thighs and started to touch her. T just looked down at what he was doing and slid forward in her chair opening her legs even wider.

About ten minutes later when we had finished our cold drinks she started to play with our cocks with her feet, she was giggling and tormenting us both. I said to her that you will not be laughing in a minute; this made her laugh even more. G then got up and went behind her and started to tickle her ribs. T is very ticklish as she had already mentioned the day before, and she started to squirm and tried to stand up. I got up and held her down whilst G was still tickling her, she was screaming and laughing, her tits were rolling from side to side and they looked great as her nipples were almost as hard as they could get, I knew that she was feeling very horny.

We finally left her alone and went and sat down, but she started to torment us with her feet again, so this time we both just sat back in our chairs and pushed our butts forward and let her carry on.

We both had an erection and T lifted her feet and put them on the floor and leaned forward. She ran her hands up our legs and she slowly began to hold both our stiff cocks, one in each hand. She was looking and paying attention at us one at a time, gently running her hand up and down both our shafts. It felt really good, her hands were so soft. I was really enjoying what she was doing to both of us, she was also enjoying every moment. I said to her that your nipples are hard, are you feeling horny, she smiled, raised her eyebrows and said yes, very.

She let go of my cock and got hold of G's hand and pulled him out of his chair. She lay down on the floor next to my chair and he lay down next to her. He had his hands between her legs in no time and was playing with her clitoris. She opened her legs further and she let him slide two or three fingers into her wet vagina. She closed her eyes and begun to enjoy the moment.

She took G by his stiff cock and started to rub her hand up and down slowly. He was running his tongue around her breasts still with his fingers up her vagina. T was now making some really deep groaning with pleasure sounds.

G slid himself down between her legs and T lifted her knees nearly chest high and parted them as wide as he wanted them. He began to lick her Minge, he was sliding his tongue over her clit and then in and out of her wet cunt, she was moving her head from side to side groaning and saying don't stop, don't stop.

She made such a noise when she cum. the noise was coming from her throat deep down. After a about 30 seconds she opened her eyes and looked at me and gave me a smile and a little wave.

G lay back down by her side and T moved her hand and held his stiff cock again. She moved close to him so that his cock was near her groin. She started to move her hand faster and faster up and down. We heard G's breathing getting louder and faster.

G then got on top of her and she opened her legs readily and she was wanting and waiting for him to enter her.

T lifted her knees up to make it easier for G to slide his stiff cock inside her. He had his hand down holding his cock out straight and he was rubbing it across her clitoris, he then started to slide it into her soaked vagina, it was now about an inch inside her Minge, he slowly started to push it in further and further. His cock was now fully inside her and there was no gap between their bodies. Then T moved one knee under him and across her body and said no, just enjoy me playing with you. He laid back down and let T carry on stroking and wanking his stiff cock.

She then asked him to sit on her tummy, so he got up and put one knee either side of her chest. She got hold of his cock and began to wank it slowly up and down again, she said cum over my tits.

He was really enjoying himself now as he was breathing heavily again and his eyes were closed. T watched his pre cum and she knew that he was about to climax and give her what she wanted. She pointed his cock downward between her tits. She started to wank him faster and a little harder, then he let it go. When G cum it shot right up under T's chin and neck, and a little went over her face.

G's cum was all over her tits and running down the sides of her neck and breasts. T rubbed his cock over her tits and chest, lifting it from her as she moved it. She was making his cum stick to her; it was making a sticky long strand between her body and his cock. She enjoys doing this as I know from my own experience with her.

I went inside to get some kitchen towels and came out and gave T the kitchen roll. She wiped G's cock for him and was cleaning herself of all his cum. Meanwhile G had taken some of the towels and helped T clean herself. They both got up from the floor and I had put some more cold drinks on the table for them. G looked at me and kind of smiled a little, I think that he felt a little embarrassed for some reason.

G then said that she was a really sexy lady with a great body, and that he was lucky to be able to have any kind of sex with her. He looked at me and asked if I did not mind, I just said no, it is up to the both of you what you do. We are all adults.

G left us about half an hour later and T and I went inside to have a shower. We then went to bed and remained there for a good few hours and had some really great sex again.

She admitted that she almost let G fuck her completely.

That was honest I said. Would you have stopped him fucking me she asked? Probably not I replied, why should I if it was what you wanted. She said that is why we made some rules last evening about how far she wished to go.

I then asked her why? Have you changed your mind?

She looked at me in the eyes and said, not really, but I really did want him to fuck me and I almost let him. I thought to myself yes, let him, I want him to. I had honestly made up my mind that I was going to let him fuck me when he was playing with my clitoris and his tongue was inside me. I was too far past caring by then.

She continued that when he got on top of her and she lifted her knees up she wanted him inside her. She went on, she felt his cock slide into her and it felt so nice, and when it was fully inside her all the way and she felt his body on top of her, it was then that she realised it was in the heat of the moment, that's why she stopped him fucking her completely. She said, I really do not know how I stopped myself because I really wanted to be fucked.

I said look, if you really wanted him to then you would not have stopped when he was already inside you. By letting him put his cock inside you, you have already let him fuck you. Yes she said, I guess you are right, he has fucked me already in a way. I did not think that way at the time she said, I just remember that we agreed that I would not let him shag me, that is why I stopped him.

And what happens tomorrow I asked? She looked at me and gave me a big smile and buried her head on my chest feeling more than a little guilt I think as she did so. We talked and laughed for a while longer and reached a conclusive decision if we found ourselves in the same position with G tomorrow or the day after.

She has since said that it was a decision that she would never ever regret..

