Bursting In the Airport

7th June 2013, 02:44 AM

Author: peeguy22L

Location: canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

"Ladies and Gentlemen, We are on our final approch to Glasgow international airport"

The sound of the pilots voice jerked Grace and Julie out of a sounds sleep.

"That was fast!" Grace said.

"I know" Julie laughed, "feels like we just took off"

Grace chuckled, "you passed out before we even took off"

Julie grinned ear to ear, "I couldn't sleep last night!!... to excited for our trip!!"

Grace smiled, "it going to be fun eh"

The two girls were taking a trip see scotland and Ireland. Both were excited, neither having been before. They all sorts of crazy adventures planned.

"you know Jules, you better let me up" Grace said, "that soda from lunch has caught up with me, i need to take a piss before we land"

"ok, but hurry up" Julie replied, "I gotta go too, pretty badly too" she said, crossing her legs.

As Grace stood up though, the pilots voice pierced the intercom again. "ladies and gentlemen, we've begun our final descent to the runway, We ask that you put your seatbelts on and chairs in an upright position for landing"

"scratch that" Grace said, a disappointed look on her face. "guess i'll go when we land"

"can you hold it?" Julie inquired?

"hope so, not that I have much choice" Grace said bitterly. "God i'm full, I feel like a water balloon about to pop" she moaned as she crossed her legs and fastened her seatbelt.

"I'm not much better off then you" Julie admitted, "We should have kept those giant soda cups"

"mmmhmm, don't tease me like that" Grace said bitterly, as she envisioned herself pissing out all she'd drank into the massive cups they'd discarded at the airport. She quickly turned her thoughts to something else, as she grabbed her crotch at the feeling of piss rushing towards her peehole, "ooohhh" she moaned as she tried with all her might to keep her tights dry.

She looked over at julie, who had her eyes shut, breathing deeply trying to maintain control.

"Gotta Hold it in, Gotta hold it in" she thought to herself, gritting her teeth and scrunching up her face. Her bladder felt like a rock, the massive amount of fluid pressing down on her urethra trying to escape. She had her legs tightly crossed, her fingers pressed right against her peehole to steam the approching tide.

The girls were silent as the plane approched the ground, landing with a thud that jolted both the girls bladders. It was almost to much for Grace. Julie heard her swear quietly and moan. Looking over she saw Grace's hands jammed in her crotch with all her might, a look of agony on her face. As she relaxed her grip, Julie saw a small wet patch on the crotch of her tights. Grace looked at her with a pained expression, "I lost a spurt when we landed" Grace whispered to her, an embrassed look on her face.

Julie shot back a understanding look, "almost there hun, keep holding on" she said before grimacing as her own bladder spasmed. They were now taxiing across the runway to their gate.

"I know, but I feel like the hover dam about to burst over here" Grace whispered. "this seatbelt makes it all the worse too" she moaned, feeling it press on her overfilled bladder.

"God I know" Julie agreed, feeling the pain in her abdomin. Looking down at her abdomin, she was embrassed to see it protruding out. "God I feel like I have a water baby in me, I'm sooo close to just pullling my panties aside and peeing on the floor" Julie whispered back, continuing to fight off spasms.

"Oh God please don`t" Grace begged, "I'd lose it" she moaned, her hands firmly pressed against her crotch to keep her ocean of piss inside her.

"I won't" Julie agreed, "But I'm bursting at the seams here"

The plane was parked now, and guests began to disembark. The girls stay'd seated to avoid drawing attention to themselves, and to avoid standing in line to get off. Both sat there legs tightly crossed, hands desperately steaming the approching tide. They glanced up every so often to share pained expressions. As the plane emptied, Grace looked at Julie.

"lets go" she said.

Grabbing their belongs and standing up, both girls felt the full weight of their bladders pressing down on them. Gasping and bending over, they began to shuffle down the aisle, legs tight together, hands on they're protruding bladders for support.

Hobbling down the gainway, Julie was forced to stop and cross her legs, as her bladder spasmed, sending pee surging towards her peehole. Regaining control, she looked up to see Grace further ahead, criss crossing her legs as she hobbled towards relief, her hand on the wall for support. Julie felt bad for Grace, now seeing that her little spurt on the plane must have been rather larger, a big wet patch could be seen on her bum, with trickles down her legs.

Grace meanwhile could barely walk, every step giggled her bladder, which threatened to spill on the floor. She was forced to stop periodically and bring her leg up to regain control. As she reached the end of the gainway, she bent over, scanning desperately for the washrooms. Spotting them on the otherside of the hallway, she set of gingerly across the crowed airport. She knew it was obvious she had leaked to those around her, but all she could think about was getting to a toliet and unleashing all her pent up pee.

As she entered the alcove where the bathrooms were, a horrfying site met her eyes, both the Ladies and Men's Room's stood, with big signs "Closed for Maintainence, Please use washrooms at the other end of the terminal"

Grace almost lost it at the sight of this. Julie was not far behind her and stared in horror, bent over in the throws of desperation.

"Noooo" she moaned softly, " I'll never make it to the other end, I'm about to lose it"

Grace recovered from her initial shock, tried the door and found it open. "screw it" she said "i've come to far to lose it all now, lets go Jules"

Entering the bathroom, the girls looked around. Two countered sinks, and 4 stalls, all with the toliets removed.

Grace spied the solution, a large garbage pail in the sinks. Grabbing it and and pulling it over to the two of them, she dropped her tights and panties and took aim. Julie meanwhile had her skirt up and panties to the side in no time, and did the same.

Both girls sighed with relief as they're streams of relief begain instantly. Julies stream was thick and powerful, blasting against the opposite wall of the bin, and richochetting into the bottom, where it splashed noisely into the pool of piss already forming at the bottom. Grace meanwhile stood pouring out a massive gush of piss from her pussy, which thundered against the bottom of the trash bin.

Both girls looked at each other with grins of relief on they're face. "I've never been so close to loosing it" Grace said, still a waterfall still flowing out of her.

"Me neither" Julie said, her stream still gaining power, "My eyes were about to float away"

Both girls laughed, and then feel silent, revealing in the relief they felt, as they stood side by side, emptying the massive amount of piss they both still had in their bladders.

They looked as they heard the door open. A young desperate looking girl hobbled in. She stopped for a minute and stared in shock at both girls pouring absolute fountains into the trash can in front of her, before groaning and doubling over.

"God, I'm about to soak myself" she moaned, hobbling towards the sink.

"You're welcome to join us" Grace offered, her stream still gushing out with no sign of slowing down soon.

The girl however already had her jeans and panties down to her knees. Aiming her pussy at the sink, she shot a powerful stream of clear hot piss, which struck the wall of the sink, and then slowly circled into the drain with soft gurgle.

Julie and Grace smiled at each other, happy for the desperate girl to have found relief. Their own streams began to trail off, after over 2 minutes of pissing. Shaking the drops from their pussies, and pulling up their panties, they turned to watch the girl finish her relief in the sink

The young girl had her head back in relief, her stream gaining power. Her pee flowed out of her sooo fast, it filled the sink and began to pour on the floor.

Both Grace and Julie laughed, "slower down there lassie" Grace yelled

The girl moaned with relief, "God I've been holding it for so long, I can't stop till I'm empty" she as her piss continued streaming into the already overfilled sink, splashing on the floor. Grace and Julie watched in amazement as the girl peed for another 2 minutes, her stream ending abruptly. She stood for a minute admiring her work, the sink gurgled has it drained away her piss, and a large puddle covered the floor. Pulling up her pant's, she turned to the two girls.

"Sorry bout that" she said with an irish accent, "just got in from dublin, the bathroom on my plane was out of order, and the flight was delayed. I've been holding that in for 4 hours!!"

The girls laughed, "not a problem" said Julie, "we were in basically the same boat. I'm Julie, this is Grace" she said introducing them.

"Chloe" said the girl, "Glad you too managed to make it"

"Same" said Grace, " you know we're new here, don't really know this area too well"

Chloe smiled, "I'd be happy to show you around"

All three girls exited the bathroom, very much relieved.

