Selected Excerpts From the Diary of Leslie Kay, Part 3

24th August 2010, 02:03 AM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

Here is the third and final chapter of the Leslie Kay story. In order to get a better understanding of Leslie Kay, Denise Deming, and Don Blythe, please read Part 1 and Part 2. Part 1 is a f/f watersports story, while part 2 is m/f watersports.

###

September 10, 2008

Dear Diary,

Denise and I are going to go see the new movie «Burn After Reading» on Friday. It looks to be really funny, and Denise and I both love Brad Pitt. Denise's roommate will be gone this weekend, so it will be easy to have some wet fun with her after the movie. It's only two more days, but I can't wait!

On the other hand, it's still hard for me to get some alone time w/ Don. Every time he comes over Mom is always around. In the two months or so since we've left the cabin we've only been able to make love once, that time I told you about. It sucks! Hopefully we will be able to get together again soon.

###

September 13, 2008

Dear Diary,

Today was a lot of fun! Mom decided to have a cook out today. Don was of course invited over, and Mom asked if I wanted to have Denise over. She still doesn't know we are a couple, BTW. Don has tried to get me to tell her a couple of times, but I ask him if I should tell her about all of my relationships, and he clams up. I don't know which would make mom freak out more - me dating a girl, or Don and me having sex. There's no way I'm telling her about either one.

Back to the cook out. Denise and I wore the tiniest little bikinis as we went swimming while Don cooked the food and Mom worked in the kitchen. Mom was horrified at the sizes of our bikinis, but I told her it was only her, me, Denise, and Don, why should she care? She relented and said that it was OK to wear them if no one else was over, but not to wear them when we had a party, or to the beach, etc. I agreed. How's she going to know what Denise and I wear to the beach?

Anyway, I could tell that Don was struggling not to ogle Denise and me while Mom was around. When she was in the house, however, he would sometimes stare, and I would flash him my tits and pussy. Denise even did it a couple of times. It was hard for him to continually hide the bulge in his pants from Mom. Denise and I were laughing about it all day.

Later, while we were outside eating, Mom asked me to get her a drink from the fridge. Don asked me if I could get him one too. I returned carrying three cups, one each for Mom, Don, and Denise. I gave Mom a Coke, but really wanted to see how Don and Denise liked their drinks.

Don took a sip, and then looked at me in surprise. At first I think he was shocked that it was warm, and then he realized what it was! He gave me a little smile, then made a point to gulp down my piss as I watched! It was so hot! Denise watched this, looked at her cup, and figured what was going on. She gave me a wink as she drank hers, purposely letting some pour out of the side of her mouth. I wanted to kiss her right then and there! It was fun, and Mom was none the wiser.

Later, Mom decided to go to the store for some ice cream. Usually she makes me go, but I was still in my bikini. Vons is just around the corner, so I knew I didn't have much time. As soon as she left I pulled down Don's shorts, and grabbed his dick in order to suck him.

«Leslie, we're outside!» he complained.

«Come on, Don, nobody can see into our yard,» I replied.

«Yeah, but Denise is here!»

«Don't worry about me!» Denise responded.

I took Don's dick into my mouth, then let it out, and started to lick it. He stopped complaining. I know that Denise started to finger herself as she watched me give Don a blow job. I turned to look, and saw that Denise had pulled her bikini bottoms aside, and piss was splashing everywhere as she working her pussy with her fingers. I turned and looked up at Don, his dick still in mouth. He was staring at Denise, obviously enjoying the show. It didn't take long before I felt a hot squirt of cum hit the back of my throat, and I continued to suck until he was finished.

After he came, I looked up at him and said «Piss on me!»

«Piss on us, you mean,» said Denise, as she knelt down beside me.

Don knew better than to argue with two determined women, and aimed his dick right at my tits and started to piss. I started to rub it all over my tits, and then he turned and started to piss on Denise's tits. After soaking her tits, he turned his stream back to me, this time pissing in my mouth. As I started to drink his delicious piss I felt Denise gently turn my head, and she started kissing me! While Don was still pissing on my face! He made sure to aim his stream at our mouths while we kissed each other. It was so fucking hot! Kissing my girlfriend, feeling her soft lips and warm tongue, while tasting Don's piss running through our mouths was electric. I know Don was turned on too, as I heard a «Holy shit!» escape his mouth.

Denise and I continued to make out after Don finished, tasting his piss off of each other's mouths and tits. We were both lost in the moment when we heard Don speak.

«Girls, I could watch this forever, but Vons is right around the corner. Mary will be home in a minute.»

Denise and I knew he was right, and reluctantly stopped. We jumped in the pool to clean up. It was only a minute or two later when Mom returned w/ the ice cream. What an awesome day! Too bad we had to cut it short. Hopefully the three of us can repeat it soon. I just don't know how we can get together, Mom's always around.

###

November 14, 2008

Dear Diary,

I'm so excited! I finally got that scholarship offer to San Diego State! The best thing is that I thought I would have to finish out this year at Miramar College before transferring to SDSU, but it ends out I can start next semester! This is awesome!

###

December 6, 2008

Dear Diary,

Denise and I finally picked out an apartment. We move in next month, right before the spring semester starts. It's w/in walking distance to the campus, has a nice pool, and it's not too small. We got a two bedroom; Mom would never understand why we would get a one bedroom, but, of course, the second bedroom won't really get used. It's going to be so much fun living together!

Oh, and Mom, Don, and I are going to the cabin for Christmas. Hopefully it will snow up there and we'll have my first white Christmas ever. Too bad Don and I won't be able to repeat what we did last summer up there, but there's no way w/ Mom around. It's still only been four times that we've been able to get together since the last time we were at the cabin, including that one time with Denise back in September. I'm still hoping to get the three of us together again, but I don't know how.

###

January 16, 2009

Dear Diary,

Awesome! Denise just told me that her Dad is going to have to go out of town tomorrow. That just leaves Don to help us move stuff into our new apartment! Now I'm going to have to think of fun things to do tomorrow after the moving is over. Finally! Yes!

###

June 18, 2009

Dear Diary,

Greetings from my new apartment. OMG, last night was so good! I'm going to love living w/ Denise.

Anyway, I won't bother w/ the details of the move. After we got all of our stuff in I asked Don if he could help Denise and me make the beds. He agreed. He grabbed the packages of sheets we had just bought, but I told him to wait first, and pulled out a couple a water proof mattress covers. He kind of chuckled to himself, and then helped us make the bed.

Afterward he said he had to go, when Denise piped up: «Aren't you going to help us break in these new beds?

I was half expecting Don to try to make up an excuse, try to talk his way out of it, the way he usually does, meaning I would have to seduce him again. This time, however, I think it was the invitation he was waiting for! He grabbed Denise and gave her a huge kiss! We were both stunned! Then I walked up to him and gave him a huge kiss myself. At the same time Denise was unfastening his belt buckle.

We pulled off his pants and laid him on one of the beds. We both started in licking his cock. Denise then started to deep throat him. After a little while I pulled off my pants and sat on his face, while Denise continued to blow him. He started in tonguing my clit. God it felt so good, it's been since last summer that he ate me, and his technique is so different than Denise's. I grabbed the head board for support and started grinding my pussy into his face. It didn't take long for me to cum.

After I finished cumming I thanked Don, and told him I had a reward for him. I stood above on the bed and started to spread my pussy lips when I heard Denise cry out «Wait!»

She moved to the head of the bed. «Hey, he doesn't get all of your piss. I want some too!»

Don sat up, and they were sitting next to each other at the head of the bed. I moved back a step or two, bent my knees a little, spread my pussy lips, and did my best to aim my pussy in their direction. Then I let go.

My stream hit Don right in the chest. He bent down a little bit and started to drink it. He then moved aside so Denise could have a taste. While Denise was drinking he tore off her T-shirt. It was an amazing site. My pee was flowing into and then out of Denise's mouth, and falling onto her chest. Don was licking that up off of her tits. Watching these two share my piss was so hot!

After I finished pissing I joined them on the bed, kissing both of them, and cleaning what remained of my piss off of Denise's tits. Denise then looked at Don. «Now it's your turn. I want you to piss on both us, the way you did that one time at Leslie's house.»

It was Don's turn to stand on the bed. He aimed his dick at Denise, and started to piss. She took the strong jet of piss in her mouth, and tried to swallow as much as she could, but, of course, a lot of it was pouring out of her mouth, soaking her tits all over again. The he aimed it at me. I always love the taste of his piss, and then sensation of it flowing out of my mouth and onto the rest of my body. About half way through Denise and I started kissing, just as we had done back at my house that day. It was just as electric.

After he finished Denise started working on my right tit, cleaning it off w/ her tongue. Don knelt down and worked on my left tit. Having both of my tits licked and sucked at once was awesome! Don and I then worked on Denise's tits. Eventually I moved down her body and began to eat her pussy.

There I was, on all fours, my ass in the air, eating Denise, when I felt Don slip inside my pussy. My god, having your own pussy fucked while eating someone else's is incredible. Denise must have felt it too, the way I attacked her pussy while getting pounded by Don. I felt Denise shudder, and I knew she was cumming. I lapped up her juices while she did so, which probably pushed me to my own orgasm.

After she came off of her orgasm I heard her say «Time to switch positions. I want you to fuck me, Don.»

She motioned Don to lay down on wet bed, and then mounted his cock. It was so hot see her move up and down on top of him, her tits bouncing as she did so. I stood next to her and kissed her, lost in the moment of seeing my girlfriend fuck the man I've had a crush on my entire life. I continued to kiss her, and play with and suck her tits, as she rode him. It wasn't long until she had another orgasm.

When she came she obviously lost control over her bladder, and started pissing. Her piss ran over Don's cock and balls, and I leaned down and was licking it off of Don. This must have been too much for him, as he started to cum. I grabbed his Dick and put it in my mouth as he did so, swallowing the hot cum. The three of us laid in the bed for a while fondling and kissing each other. Don did have some other commitments, however, and eventually had to shower and leave.

Holy shit that was great! The best part of it is, now that Denise and I have our own apartment, he can come over anytime, w/o Mom being around. This is going to be the best time of my life!

