The Neighbor Girls, Chap. 3

21st November 2010, 11:13 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Chapter Three, This episode continues my little effort. Someone thought that this thing about the neighbor girls might be true. Well, you would be amazed. I never could write fiction.

The Laundry Room

Carolyn decided to take a summer school class in college chemistry at the end of her freshman year, the idea was to get that difficult credit out of the way. I'd just finished the class in high school and since it was one of my better subjects, Carolyn wanted me to help her with her home work. Whenever I could, I'd come over to her house, mostly for obvious reasons. Sometimes it would be early in the afternoon when a lot of the normal household activities were going on. Melody and her mom, Janice were always up to something. Now, these three women actually kept a pretty messy place. It wasn't dirty, but just kind of cluttered with stuff piled on the kitchen counters and clothing strewn about the bedrooms. We would study in Carolyn's room where I would always get a good look at her cloths and now and then, her worn panties

.

Carolyn had been teasing me for several years now and always seemed to figure out new and exciting ways to keep me on edge. She knew that she only needed to say something about the partially dried yellow stain in the cotton panties

, I'd been eyeing on the floor, to make my cock explode all over the front of my shorts. As soon as that happened she would start taking advantage of the situation. She'd always claim that I would have to sit and study with her until my pants dried, frequently checking the stickiness with her hand to let me know when the study session was over. It was during one of these study halls that she started in about her mother's little kink.

She referred to her mother almost like an older sister, always calling her Janice and telling me that if I liked wet panties

I should begin paying more attention to her mother. Carolyn said that when her mom was out for an evening with her best friend Sarah, she nearly always wet her pants. She said it didn't matter if she was wearing pants or a dress, by the time she got home from an evening of fun, they would be pissed in. From what I was being told Janice often peed her black dress slacks because that was what she usually wore while out. Like most forty year old women she liked wearing some sort of control type panty under her slacks with dress heels and a nice top or blouse. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My member started stirring again and Carolyn immediately noticed. She couldn't resist continuing.

I had to admit I loved watching her mom's ass when we were all out by the pool. This women had a perfect tear drop shaped derriere. Almost anyone would die for a look at her in any of her swimsuits and I always wondered what it would be like to feel up between those long legs. Now, I was really getting worked up over what I'd heard and already seen of her peeing habits. I told Carolyn that I couldn't believe that her mom wet her panties on a regular basis, primarily since I didn't know adults still did that. Carolyn just laughed, "come with me into the laundry," was all she could say.

The family laundry was just like the rest of the house, messy. The dirty clothing was separated into whites, towels and various colors. Carolyn bent over to reach onto a pile of dirty underwear, selecting a pair of balled up, high cut support panties. "Here, see what I mean, most of them are like these". She tossed them at me, where I quickly opened my gift to examine the double lined crotch. They were obviously her mothers and the seat was quite yellowed and a bit sticky. There was no doubt that Janice had not only wet, but cum in them as well. They were stained from an inch above the crotch seam in front and well more than half way up the seat. I now had a huge hard on and Carolyn was as usual laughing. "Maybe I should leave you in here by yourself, but come on and I'll tell you more".

Carolyn said her mother had been wetting her pants for as long as she could remember and had never put much effort into toilet training either her or her sister. Janice, I guess never cared that her daughters still peed themselves when all their friends had stopped doing it. Carolyn said that Melody rarely did it anymore, unless she was at the beach or wearing a swimsuit, but admitted that while her sister had mostly stopped, she was still going in her panties now and then. She said it often made her feel kind of horny if she was hanging with her friends, besides few realized that she had peed or even cared. I was now setting myself up for one of the sexiest events of my young life.

Janice was going to make herself unforgettable in my mind.

