Visiting Kim in London - 2

17th September 2006, 04:37 AM

Author: fingersntongue58

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 68

After a long delay - hopefully nobody out there was holding their breath in anticipation and has turned blue as a result - here's what I have previously said would be the last in the series of my wet experiences with Kim.

But it isn't - and as a result, I'm wrong again. Writing the sixth paragraph of this missive provoked memories of yet another, though as a result, the sequence is wrong, as the episode that follows this one actually happened earlier.

As always - the disclaimer about what is written is necessarily an approximation of what was said...after all, it was in 1981. That's a quarter of a century ago, though it certainly doesn't seem like it.

By now, I had left University and had my first job. This was a couple of hundred miles from London and although I was salaried, I was very much a trainee for the first year and the money didn't seem to go far enough, now that I was paying rent on my own flat and keeping the car going, too.

Just to complicate the issue, in the last month of my time at Uni, I had gained a girlfriend who lived about a couple of hundred miles in the opposite direction. By the early summer of '81, I had been going out with Sarah for nearly a year: all very conventional and no wet experiences at that stage (more on this in a subsequent post, though, as things subsequently improved in that respect!). There was much travel involved...

But back to Kim...she had moved jobs again and had spent a few months in the US before returning to London. A group of my former Uni mates were meeting one weekend in London, gathering at the flat rented by one of them in a run-down house in one of the northerly districts. To save money, I decided to travel down by coach.

We had a great party on the Friday night - boys' stuff, though: much beer was consumed. Back then, girls just didn't do binge drinking. On the Saturday, we went and did a bit of sightseeing but visiting some traditional London pubs to keep us watered and fed.

By the late afternoon, my testosterone was on the rampage and I decided on impulse to call Kim - it was with some surprise that she answered when her flatmate called her to the phone. I already knew she was going out on a regular basis with a bloke called Roger - and yes, she knew I was going out with Sarah...

Kim said that Roger had gone to a concert in Bristol and that she had no plans for the evening as some of her flat mates were away and the one who had answered the phone was going out: she invited me to meet her, so I split from my mates (though they didn't say, I think they were a bit envious, as at that time none of them had a girlfriend) - and headed for the suburbs. We met in a pub somewhere - forget where, exactly - and had a few drinks. Because I was still feeling the effects of the previous evening I didn't drink a lot: this was to prove fortunate, though I didn't realise that then.

One thing led to another and by 11pm we were both mellow and were walking back to her place. It was a large 30's semi-detached house, typical suburban sprawl. Kim had needed to find somewhere quickly when she came back from the US and had taken just a small furnished room to keep the cost down as much as possible. There was a wardrobe, chest of drawers and a chair: the bed was simply a mattress on the floor: there wasn't much room for anything else.

Without any preamble, Kim closed the door and pulled her tee-shirt over her head: we kissed as I undid her bra and soon other items of clothing were joining it on the floor. I was naked first and Kim had on just her knickers - we lay down on the mattress and continued kissing and touching. It was obvious we were going to make love: there was a warm and decidedly damp patch on the gusset of her knickers.

As she hadn't been to the loo for some time I guessed she needed to wee and was idly wondering how we might manage to incorporate some wet activity when the resources available didn't look too promising. I was soon cupping her pussy through her knickers and sliding my index finger along the damp and neatly outlined crease - I could tell by the springy sensation that she had let her pubic hair grow back.

Kim: "Ooh, that's lovely...and I need to wee"...

Me: "Let me lick you, I love the way you taste!"

Without hesitation, Kim raised her hips and pushed her knickers halfway down her thighs, then rolled over towards me and moved to a kneeling position next to my shoulder. Her scent was very arousing and her pussy was lubricating very freely: however, her knickers restricted my access so I pushed them further down and helped her slip them off: it seemed entirely natural that she then swung her right leg over my left shoulder and for her to kneel over my face.

My tongue went to work straight away: although I had tasted her wee before, I hadn't actually swallowed any. At that moment, the idea seemed incredibly appealing and I began to apply gentle pressure over her bladder as my tongue simultaneously flicked her clit and probed for her urethra. My face was soon wet with her lubrication - utter bliss!

Then, without warning, there was a loud "crack" at the window.

Kim and I froze, then she whispered: "Oh, shit - it's Roger - he's supposed to be in Bristol!"

I must admit I felt extremely uneasy about being caught in flagrante delicto, so to speak - and Kim clearly did, too. The sexual tension vanished even more quickly than it had arrived.

The need for urgent action was signalled by another "crack" - Roger was throwing stones at the window and as the bedroom light was on, any significant delay in answering the door was going to look suspicious.

Kim disentangled herself, threw on her dressing gown and whispered urgently: "quick, get your stuff - you can have Alan's room, he's away until tomorrow night - but you'll have to be quiet!"

Needing no second bidding, I grabbed my hastily-discarded clothes and Kim hurriedly showed me round the corner on the L-shaped landing and into another, larger and somewhat Spartan room at the back of the house. The floor was cold underfoot - ancient lino, with just a white(ish) Tumbeltwist rug by the bed, which had an old-fashioned dark-stained timber frame.

Drawing the curtains and switching off the light, I heard Kim go downstairs, the front door open and close and the sound of subdued voices...a few minutes later, the sounds of Kim and Roger making separate visits to the bathroom. After that...muffled conversation and then the shaft of light that had been falling across the landing and visible under the door to "my" room was extinguished.

I lay awake for some time, thoughts racing through my mind, completely wrong-footed by the unexpected turn of events. It had been about half-past midnight when Roger arrived and it was now that I realised it was a good job I hadn't had a lot to drink (and that I had relieved myself before leaving the pub) as a visit to the bathroom when the house was otherwise supposed to be empty would have invited disaster. The hours seemed to crawl by - but eventually I nodded off, probably at about 04.00: it wasn't light, anyway.

Kim woke me - she came into the room wearing her dressing gown and a broad smile: she was carrying a tray with a plate of toast and two mugs of tea.

She set the tray down on a table near the window and opened the curtains to let in some daylight. I was immediately conscious of a strong urge to urinate but stayed put and waited.

Kim: "I'm so sorry we were disturbed last night - Roger got a call from his boss yesterday morning to ask him to do overtime all weekend - the money's really good, he sold the concert ticket to a mate. Anyway, he had to get to work for 8, it's just after 9 now - and I've brought you breakfast in bed!"

These days, with almost universal ownership of cell phones, not actually finding out about a major change of plan seems most unlikely. But that's how it was...

Kim handed me a mug of tea and set the plate of toast down between us. As we munched and drank, we agreed that it had been a close thing the night before.

Kim: "I told him I had a migraine and couldn't sleep. It didn't seem fair to let him get his way when you couldn't have yours! Anyway, he was knackered - he'd been working late, too. And (with a shy smile) we don't do the same things as you and I do".

With this, Kim moved her legs and her (white towelling) dressing gown fell open, exposing a lot of thigh. She saw me looking and smiled again, followed by an expression of concerned surprise:

Kim: "You must be bursting for a wee, you haven't been since you were at the pub".

Me, slightly embarrassed, "Yes, I am - but I'm enjoying looking at you and it takes my mind off it"...

Setting breakfast aside, Kim stood up and turning towards me, moved close to the bed, a mischievous expression crossing her face.

Kim: "Let me see, 'cos I'm bursting for a wee as well".

Just a slightly more raunchy version of the good old "I'll show you mine if you show me yours..."

Me: "Have you been holding it?"

Kim (blushing a bit) "Mmm, you know how I like it...I wanted to do it last night but we couldn't".

She pulled back the bedclothes: my cock was already stiffening and despite the pressure in my bladder, that process was hastened as she touched me. I parted my legs and her gentle fingers manipulated my scrotum and perineum before she moved to feel my bladder.

Kim (continuing to touch and stroke): "Mmm, you feel as full as I do..."

With this, she let the front of her dressing gown fall open and parted her legs. I leaned over and found her lubrication almost dribbling from her; her finger strayed to her clit and began to rub, then she inserted her index finger above and began to rhythmically pull her labia upwards, so that they slid over her clitoral hood.

Kim: "This is my second mug of tea this morning and I haven't been for a wee since I got up. I'll probably come in a minute...and when I do, I'm going to make a mess and I don't care!"

I swung my legs out of bed and sat in front of her: she straddled me, putting her hands on my shoulders and I slipped a middle finger into her vagina, which was very, very tight despite the copious lubrication. My thumb pressed upwards and she gasped as a sudden spurt of urine escaped her. It was hot and sprinkled my thighs - it smelt strong, too, but by this time neither of us cared. She reached down and began to pump my cock, much more vigorously than before.

My fingers explored her most intimate folds, slipping over her wet flesh: finding her urethra and probing it, I was rewarded with another hot squirt of pee that pushed my finger away. As I pressed the pad of my thumb to her clit, I felt her stiffen and knew she was going to come, breathing heavily and with a flush spreading over her chest: her nipples, normally quite flat and sitting within large, smooth areolae, were standing rigid, the areolae puckered and much smaller in diameter as a result.

Kim (breathlessly) "Going to come...my wee's coming...can't help it..."

She groaned and clutched me for support as her orgasm hit her - as she did so, I felt rather than saw another jet of wee splash over my thighs and then again and again. Her urine gushed over my busy fingers and pattered down onto the rug, some splashing onto the floor.

After what seemed like ages but was probably just a few seconds, Kim regained her composure and we began to kiss. The smell of pee was obvious and the rug was looking the worse for wear, with a very large yellowish stain and lots of splashes:

Kim: (perhaps a little embarrassed) "that was nice...I still need to go, though...and you do, too".

She was looking around the room and following her gaze I saw that the waste bin under the desk was plastic - moving across the room, Kim picked it up and upended it, depositing the few contents onto the floor. She returned to the bed and handed the bin to me:

Kim: "here you are - it's your turn now, then mine again".

Needing no encouragement, I simply opened my legs as she slipped the bin between, wedging it between my thighs. Fortunately, my erection had softened a little - I was able to push it down to get a reasonable aim.

Nevertheless it took a while to let go - I definitely had a case of stage fright. Kim sat on the bed beside me and cuddled up - eventually I managed a small dribble, followed by a faltering stream.

With this, I then managed to relax and as I did so and the flow increased, drumming noisily on the plastic, Kim gently pushed my hand away and substituted hers. She allowed my pee to spurt over her fingers a little:

Kim: "It's amazing how hot it feels as it comes out...do you enjoy the feeling of needing to pee?"

I admitted that I did, especially since we had been exploring wet games during the last few years as it made me think of all the exciting things we had done together.

Kim: "The feelings I get when I'm holding it are amazing. It makes me so randy..." I became conscious that she was touching herself again with her other hand.

Eventually my bladder was empty and it was her turn again:

Kim: "Do you want to watch me? I can't really aim it like you can, you'll need to help me".

How could I refuse? I stood up, weighty bin in hand, while Kim shuffled across to where I had been sitting. She leaned back, supporting herself on her arms outstretched behind her. She parted her legs: her outer labia were open and I could clearly see the small and very neat inner lips.

I also noticed that her pee had wet the back of her dressing gown in addition to the rug. She reached down and began to rub herself again: I leaned forward and nuzzled her slick pussy: as it had last night, I found her strong scent extremely arousing.

Positioning the bin beneath her and being careful not to spill the existing contents, I nevertheless managed to reach forwards over the top of it and began to lap just below the apex of her inner lips - I felt her finger touch her clit. Kim murmured, "mmm...you're going to get a faceful if you keep doing that..."

Seconds later, I was rewarded with a hot, salty dribble over my tongue: this was followed by a sudden squirt of pee, distinctly heard as well as felt and tasted - she was very strong but by then, sheer lust was firmly in control.

I moved back and re-positioned the bin again to receive her offering - I could clearly see her urethra nestling between her labia; pee dribbled out and down her bottom. I whispered, "it's OK...just relax...let it go".

And she did - after a moment, I saw her peehole open and a strong yellow jet of urine was drumming into the bin in front of me - incredibly lewd. All too soon she was finished but as soon as she did so I set the bin aside and simply thrust into her. As I pumped in and out of her slick pussy her fingers went back to her clit and suddenly she came, beating me to it by just a few seconds. This was definitely the nearest we had got so far to a simultaneous orgasm.

In the afterglow, I simply steered Kim into bed and we lay cuddled together for about an hour, kissing from time to time. No, I still don't know why I didn't offer to marry her!

As with all good things - they have to come to an end. Cleaning up saw me down at the local launderette, dealing with Kim's dressing gown and Alan's rug, while Kim cooked lunch.

Later on in the afternoon, I headed back to my mate's flat to pick up my gear and catch the late coach back: I'm sure my mates understood why this particular Cheshire Cat was grinning from ear to ear!

