Wet Cop

30th November 2008, 02:25 PM

Author: kw240

Location: usa (Sex: Male) Posts: 86

As I said before, I usually don't have true unplanned accidents but I love to set myself up for one. As a cop we had to direct traffic at the high school. I hated directing traffic worse than any other part of the job. It's so dangerous and people are so rude. One day it was raining so hard you couldn't see to drive. Our shift started at 6am and I started drinking coffee just after getting to work. About 7am I was starting to feel the need to pee really bad, but an idea struck me.

I had about 30 minutes before I had to be at the school so I stopped at the convenience store and filled up my cup again. I got to the high school intersection, parked and finished off that cup. Keep in mind I was a cop that loved his coffee. A friend had given me a travel mug that was almost quart sized to keep in my patrol car. That is what I was drinking from.

I got out of the car and put on my long yellow rain coat and hat. It was not raining quite so hard now but I needed the coat for my plan. I was really starting to hurt as I entered the intersection and began directing traffic. It started to rain a little harder after about 5 minutes and the road was really wet. Your shoes and the bottom of your pants are are always a mess after directing traffic on a day like that. Some drivers will try to splash you intentionally.

After about 10 minutes I couldn't hold it any longer and started to release a little into my underwear. I always wear plain white cotton briefs as you know. It felt so good as it soaked down over my balls. I had learned a long time ago to just carry on what ever task I was doing normally as I was wetting, that way no one would notice. I don't think there were any outward sings that I was peeing in my pants as I stood in the middle of the intersection with all those cars passing right by me.

I stopped peeing for a minute after I felt the first drops running down my leg. I continued directing traffic another minute or two just loving the feeling of my wet underwear. I was really getting turned on knowing what I was doing in front of all these people and no one was the wiser. After a little while I let some more go. This time I didn't stop. I let it all go in my uniform pants. I was absolutely soaked under that rain coat. I still had about 15 minutes in the intersection before I was done. I loved the feeling and I loved knowing that I was wearing pissed-in undies and pants in front of all these people and no one knew. I thought about going home to change pants but before I could, I received a wreck call. I wound up wearing those wet pants the rest of the day. I love black polyester. No one ever did notice any of my wettings and there were a lot.

