Finally Feeling Welcome

5th February 2012, 09:01 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Finally Feeling Welcome

While I was growing up my family life was awful. My real parents were uneducated, moved from job to job and really could not care for me or my siblings. Someone needed to move on and the moment I was eighteen, I received the word. Now this was not all bad because my mothers parents felt for our situation and while I would not move in with them, they did find a young women and her twenty year old daughter for me to live with in a town where I planned to attend school. Grandma and Gramps also paid my board and room while I was getting ready for junior college.

I was only moved into my new digs for about a week when I realized that I must have landed in heaven. Thirty nine year old Cindy and her daughter, Jessica were beyond hot. My God did these two ladies have curves and what was even better, never missed an opportunity to show those sexy curves off at every opportunity. They pranced around the house in what mostly passed for decency. Still bras were rarely worn under any of their pull over tops unless they were going out and sometimes not even then. They were quite used to just letting their perky breasts jiggle in their blouse or tee shirts.

Jessie usually spent her day laying around the house dressed up like a little tramp. If she was wearing her jean short shorts, they were often so short that her panties slipped out of her leg openings. All this did was just accentuate her beautiful ass and long legs. That and her wedge sandals made the nearly always present bulge in my pants just that much worse. After a month of this torture it became quite obvious that they loved watching my regular erections.

I'm almost sure that my grandparents would never have let me move into this home if they had really known about Jessie. She'd recently flunked out of college and had been caught smoking pot while at school. The habit, of course, came home with her. She claimed that she'd soon return and complete her education, but was actually happiest just hanging with her girlfriends. There was another interesting thing about both Jessie and her mother that was going to change my life. They both seemed to have bladder issues and now and then peed in their pants or bed.

Cindy or Mrs. Clark, as I liked to call her, had that classic sexy librarian look, including a librarian's glasses. Kind of like a certain ex Alaskan governor. Generally, she tried to cover up her accidents including going to the trouble of wearing protective panties. If she was wearing jeans, they'd bulge slightly around the crotch, particularly if she'd peed in them. Once in a while though, Cindy simply wet or at least dribbled in her cotton shorts while attending to things around the house. She didn't always change if she wet her pants and I got used to noticing a dried wet stain on her ass.

Hell, last week I saw her hanging the wash on the cloths line in the back yard in wedge sandals, a loose fitting blouse displaying her bare breasts and light green capris pants that bore a dried pee stain down the insides of both legs. I could not look away and promptly ejaculated in my pants. She saw it too, just giggling at the sticky patch on the front of my jeans.

Cindy usually did what she could to cover up the little "mistakes" she was making in her pants, but gained a lot more confidence when her best friend told her about a special type of panties called "SkiVvys". They're a new style of protective panty permitting women to show off their bikini or full cut panties while at the same time being absorbent enough for a small wetting. They are not that great however if a girl decides to just seriously let go in her undies.

Cindy sometimes would come home from some shopping venture in one of her tight fitting, knee length, pencil skirts clicking her four inch heels across the hardwood floors. Her beautiful breasts jutting and bouncing inside her blouse. It was easy to tell when Cindy was wearing her "SkiVvys", because they left an especially sharp outline on that beautiful butt of hers. If they were the full seated ones her panty lines would look really sexy. Then, I'd find it impossible to keep from staring at her beautiful rounded ass. On at least two of these occasions there was a plate sized wet stain on the seat of her skirt suggesting that this hot, nasty lady had pissed in her "SkiVvys".

I guess she'd wet a little too much while shopping and her pee had soaked through as she drove or as she once commented, "I'm afraid I needed to go so really badly while I was stuck in traffic". The last time she came home she didn't even bother going to her bedroom to change, just organizing things around the house with me never moving my eyes away from the partially dried stain on the seat of her skirt. Later she sat in the living room recliner talking about her shopping day, legs crossed, rocking back and forth as if enjoying the squishy wet fabric of her panties against her pussy.

I loved Cindy because she was so sexy, but it was Jessie that gave me almost as much pleasure. Jessie wasn't about to have sex with me, but she never tired of the cum stains she caused on the front of my pants. I'll tell you about Jesse next.

