A Pee Challenge - YOU Direct My Next Story

12th August 2013, 07:56 PM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hello everyone,

Although I don't get on here often anymore, I absolutely love this community! So I thought of a fun idea - a sort of way to give back.

I am very happily married, and have a live-in girlfriend, Kerry. As far as we're concerned, I'm married to both a husband and a wife; we even had a private ceremony to make it as official as you can for a dedicated polygamous relationship. Don't like that? Too bad...suck it up. You're probably just jealous. Yeah, I can get a little...umm...feisty?

Anyway...Kerry and I are going on a vacation in one week, and we will take on any pee challenge you give us, and then tell you ALL about it. We leave next Monday, August 19th, for almost a week and we are willing to take any and all suggestions between now and then. And then we'll choose the winner from among the suggestions.

Some background: (1) We will do anything from being desperate to peeing all over each other, drinking, public, getting caught, masturbating, making a mess, doing things in secret without getting caught, etc. (2) We will be going to a sunny resort with a beach, pool, hot tub, etc. and we're staying in a suite with a balcony. So use your imagination.

Some ground rules: (1) We don't want to get kicked out or go to jail, so while getting caught could be in the cards, it can't get us into too much trouble. (2) We absolutely will not allow any strangers to touch us - at least not men...my husband is the only one for us. And no, don't you dare judge him because he's not at all controlling...this is the way I want it. (3) And while any kind of sex or pee play is on the table, scat is out. Seriously.

So give me your ideas...your thoughts...your fantasies. Kerry and I will choose the winner, and we may even combine more than one idea into what we do. We'll post the winning idea(s) on Monday before we leave. But IF this post doesn't get any activity, or the ideas are just lame, we may simply do our own thing.

Many kisses, Renee.

