Debbie's Drive-in Dilemma

3rd January 2006, 06:28 AM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

This story is a true account as are all of my stories.

Debbie had been a friend of mine for a long time. We had been in school together since I moved to town and had just become good friends over the years. At one point in our lives we each happened to find ourselves unattached and decided to date. Life was much simpler in the early 70's than it is today. We knew how to have cheap and even no money fun. Now it seems that everything has to be a great adventure to kids today and simple fun is boring. The kids today do not know the great, simple, fun times that they are missing by having to be entertained rather than creating their own entertainment.

It was a wonderful Friday evening in early spring and Debbie and I were looking for something to do. We happened to glance through the paper and saw that one of the drive-in theaters in our area was having a two dollar a car load night. The movies didn't look to bad and the price was good so we decided to do the drive-in. Of course back then no one ever went to the drive-in for the movies that were being shown. Hollywood blockbusters they were not. On a good night there was a lot of busting a nut going on in the back seat though if you were lucky.

We decided that we would go to the drive-in and got a few things ready. We got to the drive-in a few minutes before dark, found a good, quiet spot in the lot and settled in for a good evening. Like I said, back then cheap fun was just fine with us. In the trunk of my 69 Dodge Charger was a small cooler of beer and some chips and popcorn we brought with us. Why pay concession stand prices when we could bring our own. We grabbed a couple of beers, the popcorn and a blanket and snuggled up to watch the first movie.

For all you youngsters out there who are ignorant to the etiquette of the drive-in move experience, you had to watch the first move, or at least a good portion of it before getting involved in other items of interest shall we say. First off, it didn't get really good and dark for an hour or so. Secondly, since it was a drive in, it was the 70's and it was cheap, moms and dads still brought their little ones to the movies with them. There was a playground up by the screen and well it took an hour or so for the parking lot to settle down with out a lot of folks walking around.

About an hour into the movie, most of the kids were fast asleep in the back seat of mom and dad's car. Most people had made their trip to the concession stand and the lot was settling down nicely. Debbie and I had each drank a beer or two, munched on some popcorn and just snuggled together. We had only gone out a couple of times and had not progressed to the stage in our relationship where we were having full blown sex yet. Things moved a little slower back then. We both knew it would happen, but we were enjoying just being together, not just looking for sex, so taking it a little slow was fine for both of us.

About an hour into the movie, my hand had wondered from Debbie's shoulder to one of her nice firm breasts. A little slow stroking over the t-shirt and there was a speed bump now in the road. I checked the other lane and there was a speed bump there as well. We began to make out with things getting steamier and steamier. It wasn't long before her shirt was off. Debbie was young, well build and firm. She also preferred to not wear a bra when not necessary. I guess that she felt that one was not necessary that night. It wasn't long before her shorts and panties were at her ankles and I was playing a little stink finger while we made out. She had taken my pecker out of my pants and had been stroking it for a few minutes when she pulled away from my lips, smiled a little sideways smile at me, lowered her head to my lap and began to suck on my hard cock. Now this was a drive-in movie I was thinking. After a couple of minutes she came up for air, and I knew what was coming; or so I thought.

In all the action of the last few minutes, we had failed to notice that some rain clouds had come overhead and the first patter of rain began to fall. This could not get much better, for the rain would keep everyone in their vehicle. No worries about anyone walking around trying to get a free show.

We continued to make out for a couple of minutes and then we stretched out on the back seat of my Charger. We kissed a little more and Debbie was soaking my hand. I rose up over her, and slowly lowered myself into her. We took a long time that night in the back seat of my car. I rode her a while then we rolled over and she rode me. Every time I would get close to an orgasm we would slow down until the feeling subsided and away we went again. We just had a natural rhythm together from the beginning. Finally we both were ready to end round one and I went into the short strokes hot and heavy. You would have thought that I was trying to pound her through the seat. After shooting a load into her we lay there for a couple of minutes exhausted.

It was at that point that Debbie and I became aware of the rain coming down. It was a nice steady hard rain; one that the farmers could surely use. It was also more of a summer storm as there was not a lot of lightning or thunder, just a good, hard steady rain. We sat up and got dressed and just snuggled together listening to the movie.

It wasn't long before Debbie began to get a little restless. She would shift a little here and then a few minutes later she would shift again. It didn't take long before she was moving ever so slightly almost constantly. I knew what was wrong. A long session of sex on top of two beers that had made their way to her bladder was now causing some distress.

«You OK?» I asked, knowing she wasn't. «No,» came her reply, «I really need to pee.»

«You want me to walk you to the concession stand?» I asked. «There is no way I am getting out in this rain. I can't in this t-shirt. My boobs would show to everyone when the shirt gets wet.» came her reply.

We sat there a few more minutes and Debbie began to wiggle around in the seat. It wasn't long before her right hand made its way down to her crotch for a quick rub and a squeeze. Soon she was rocking her legs together and wishing out loud for the rain to stop. Even for a couple of minutes so she could dash to the bathroom. I also noticed my need for leak. After all, Debbie wasn't the only one that drank a couple of beers earlier.

Soon she began to moan in discomfort and her hand shifted to her crotch where she began to press three fingers in over her pee hole. She had put her shorts back on but as her desperation increased she had unbuttoned and unzipped them to ease the pressure on her rapidly swelling bladder. Her legs were clapping together now at a rapid pace and there were the beginnings of tears in her eyes from the pain of her distended bladder. She looked at me pleadingly and told me that she had to pee now asking me what she could do. In a desperate voice she told me she was on the verge of wetting her pants and flooding my car.

She said that she had never had to pee so badly in her life and began to cry from the pain. I quickly picked up the plastic bag that we had brought popcorn in and told her to get her pants off. She looked at me apprehensively but quickly did what I told her to do. I opened the car door a bit and dumped the remaining popcorn on the soggy ground. When the dome light came on I got a quick look and could see that her bladder was distended right above that sparsely covered pubic mound.

«Scoot forward,» I told her. She moved to the edge of the seat. I quickly took the plastic bag and held it under her legs praying that it would be able to hold the impending flood without any leaks. Debbie stopped knocking her legs together and moved the hand from her now bare pussy.

She moaned in pain and nothing happened. «Oh God, I have got to pee so bad, but I can't,» she cried. «I've never peed in front of anyone before, and especially not a boy.»

«Just relax,» I told her. «Listen to all that rain pouring onto the car. Listen to it splashing, forming little streams that grow bigger and bigger.» She moaned at the thought of all that water and then there were a couple of drops that began to form on the black sparse pubic hair covering her mound. A tiny spurt, a little trickle, and then; Well I've only seen a dam burst in the movies, but this rivaled anything Hollywood could produce. The pee jetted from that dark mound with an audible hiss. «Oh God,» Debbie whispered in relief, and a little embarrassment, but the piss kept flowing into that plastic bag.

Apparently someone was looking out for me that night, because the bag held. All too soon the river slowed to a stream, then a trickle and then a few drops. Tears were running down Debbie's face. Tears of relief. She raised herself up from the seat edge and shook to get the last couple of drops off and then she sunk into the seat. I quickly tied off the bag, opened the door and set it on the ground.

«You know, I should have kept that bag. I need a piss myself.» I told her. She reached over to the floorboard, picked up an empty beer bottle and handed it to me. I pulled my pecker out of my pants and slid forward. Try as I might, I could not get anything to happen. Not with the erection I had. Debbie giggled and asked if her little show had done that. Well I couldn't lie to her. She seemed to delight in the fact that I got hard from watching her pee. She quickly bent over, pushed the bottle away and began to suck on me for all she was worth. She never slowed for a second and was bobbing up and down my whole shaft. With the full bladder and her relentless suck job it was not to long before I emptied a load in her mouth. A load she swallowed, to my great surprise. I had been with a few other girls but she was my first swallower.

It didn't take but a few seconds and I was limp enough to piss. She picked up the bottle, placed the opening over my pee hole, looked at me and asked, «Is that right.» Before I could answer her out loud, the heat of the liquid began to warm the bottle and she looked at me and exclaimed, «I guess so.» As I filled the bottle almost to the top I reached down and showed her how to squeeze me peter just tight enough to stop the flow with out causing pain. Still holding me she carefully put the almost full bottle onto the floor while I handed her one of my empties. She placed it the tip to my peter again and relaxed the pressure.

Before I was done I almost filled that bottle as well. She carefully opened her door and set the bottles down on the ground. We sat there a while listening to the rain and the movie stroking each other and kissing. We made love one more time, got dressed and left the movies just as the rain began to stop. About half way home, Debbie needed to pee again. I pulled onto a quiet, dark side street, we both got out and walked to the side of the road. She squatted while I stood next to her and we both had another good pee before heading home. Debbie and I had many little peeing adventures while we dated for it seemed like she enjoyed it almost as much as I did.

