My Departing Gift: Soaked Towels, Wet Walls, and Some Poolside Fun

22nd January 2013, 12:19 AM

Author: reneezworld69

Location: So sorry ... but I am not coming back. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 359

Hi everyone,

This is a fairly long story, but it's not a fantasy - and has the equivalent of several stories all packed into one. So just get comfortable...and I hope you'll find that it's worth it.

Unfortunately, it's time for me to sign off for a while. I like to think of myself as a rare tropical bird that you may not see for months. And as quickly as I fly in, I'm gone again. But while I'm here in front of you, I hope to leave a lasting impression - one that is shocking, and yet beautiful - which stays with you for a very long time. And before I go, I wanted to leave one final gift for this wonderful, supportive community - dedicated to the good people that I've met on here. And earlier today, I thought of the perfect idea...I did this for you.

###

I am out of town at a conference. It was kind of dumb that it extended over the weekend, but there were some important networking meetings scheduled for Monday morning (which was the most important part of the whole conference). I so badly miss my wonderful husband and girlfriend, so I looked into leaving a night early - but it would have doubled the price of the ticket. So I stayed, one more night alone in my hotel suite.

When I left my room for a networking breakfast this morning, I already had ideas stirring in my mind. I wore a pants suit and blouse, but I left both my bra and thong behind. I felt sexy all morning, having such serious discussions while only one thin layer of material separated my nakedness from the group. After having a crazy, marathon session of orgasms on Saturday, I did nothing on Sunday so I could recover. But I was ready now, and became increasingly horny as the day went on. I began prepping for my session during lunch when I started forcing fluids - water, and diet soda (which would make my pee both diluted and sweeter to the taste). And it was working. My bladder was continuing to fill up with high volumes of sweet, diluted pee. After grabbing an iced coffee, sweetened with splenda, I went back to my room - with my bladder filled up again. I also had a cold bottle of Riesling wine in the room, which I opened right away.

For my first orgasm, I knew exactly what I wanted to do. I always bring a giant garbage bag, which is cut open, to serve as a waterproof barrier - to help ease most of the clean-up. I put that down on the floor first, followed by several white hotel towels, and then got my little friend out of my suitcase: my favorite travel dildo. I got on my knees and straddled the instrument, and it felt SOOO incredibly good after having to wait all day long. I had the air turned off for now, because I like to hear the noise as it slides in and out of my wetness. I wanted to cum so bad. And I knew it wouldn't take long, but I tried to keep it going as long as I could - riding the dildo up and down, up and down.

Finally, I could feel my climax approaching and I rode it hard, holding the dildo with one hand and massaging my clit with the other. As the orgasm began to course through my body, I clenched my pussy down around the shaft and began to ease off the tension on my bladder at the same time. I was still climaxing as my bladder completely let go, spraying my piss against the towel, and back up onto me. I tried to keep it all on the towel, but my legs gave out under the intensity of the orgasm and I fell back onto my ass - still spraying my pee, first onto the garbage bag, and then down across the carpet. I collapsed backward onto my side and just laid there on my pee-soaked towels. I wasn't done yet, though...oh no, not even close.

After dropping off those wet towels in the bathtub, I grabbed a stack of dry ones and walked over to the bed - forcing some more fluids in between. That iced coffee and some wine did the trick. And before long, my bladder was filling up again. This time, I set up my area on the bed - layering a stack of towels on top of the garbage bag. I laid on the side of the bed that was closest to the wall, so that I could actually prop my feet up against the wall. I knew I could stay in this position for hours. I even had a water bottle on the bed, and my iced coffee and wine on the nightstand.

I finished the first glass of wine, and began using the dildo inside my pussy - just slowly in and out. When I felt the first orgasm approaching, I grabbed the wine glass with my left hand and allowed the dildo to slide out while I frantically rubbed my clit with my right hand. As I began to climax, I released my bladder and sprayed my pee against the wall. The wall was only a couple of feet from the bed so my piss was splattering everywhere - all over me, the floor, and my towels.

As I was easing myself down, and still peeing, I positioned that empty wine glass beneath me and emptied the rest of my bladder into it. Although I prefer to drink directly from the source (sucking on my girlfriend), I've had to improvise before when I'm alone. I filled up the glass, closed my eyes and pictured my girlfriend's perfect pussy pressed against me and I took a sip. It was so hot, and had a nice sweet flavor to it from all the diet sweeteners. I drank the whole glass, turned on by the knowledge that it would soon be coming right back out again. And then I chased it with some more wine, which also rinsed out the glass nicely. I kept going like this for at least another hour or so - having probably a half-dozen orgasms along the way. By the end, I had the dildo up front and a finger in the back, just going all out. And finally I was spent. My room reeked of piss, and I could barely stand up. But I had a full bladder again, and still wanted to do one more thing...

Without bathing, I put on my bikini and bathrobe, and then walked down to the pool area. I wasn't looking for a repeat performance of Saturday night, so I was really hoping the pool would be empty. After being soaked in pee, I was now walking down the cold hallways - actually getting goose bumps on my arms from the cold chills! And to make matters worse, my bladder was now FULL and it was starting to get hard to walk.

I was so relieved to find a quiet, empty pool area when I arrived. I walked right over to the hot tub side and tossed my robe onto a chair. Standing on the edge of the hot tub, I just let myself go. At first, it was just a trickle of pee that leaked out through the bottom of my suit and down my left leg. But then I pulled my bikini aside and forced my piss out (if you want a visual, my avatar really is me...and in the same pose). I alternated between spraying it onto the concrete surface, then directing it forward onto the water of the hot tub, and then back onto the concrete. I loved the sound as it was spraying all over, and loved the feeling of my bikini bottom in my hand which was now completely drenched in my sweet nectar.

As I finished, a very large puddle had formed all around me, and I eased myself down into the hot tub to clean off. After splashing some water on the side, the evidence of my fun had been cleared up. I just laid back in the water and finally exhaled after an afternoon of ecstasy. But it wasn't long before my bladder was filling up again...tired or not, I knew it would be a long night.

###

And indeed, it has been. With that, I wish you all the very best in your wet adventures. This will be my last posting for a while, since I have an early flight to catch in the morning - and not only do I still need to eat dinner...I need a shower. Bad.

