Working For Karen Part 1

24th July 2009, 12:51 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

I came back to the girl Karen that I had sold some magizines to that morning to fix some items that she needed fixed. Her Ford pickup truck she had wouldn't start so that would be the first job that I would tackle. When I got there I knocked on the back door of her house and she came right to the door this time. She said hi to me and let me inside.

I siad hi back too Karen and told her I was ready to go to work. I just need the toolbox. I went over and pulled it out of the cabinet and I went back outside and over to her Ford pickup truck. The keys were in it so I got in it and tried starting it. The engine turned right over but wouldn't start. I got out lifted the hood up. The carb was geting gas so that was a good sighn. I popped the clips off the distibuter cap and took a look inside of the distrisbuter.

The points were closed shut. I grabbed a screwdriver and since many Fords had the starter selinoid on the fenderwall which her pickup did, I shorthed the posts on the selinoid and looked at the points as the engine turned over. The points didn't open at all. So I took them out. Karen had come out right after I had taken the points set out and I told herthat they were bad. I showed her them.

I told her I had to go down to Puals gas station and get a set I would be right back. She said ok and I went down to the gas station and Pual did have a set of points that went for her Ford pickup and I bought them and went back to Karens. I put the new points in and I had Karen sit inside her pickup and I told her to just click the key so I could set the points. I set them and I told her to give it a try.

She turned the key and the starter spun the engine over twice and the engine roared to life! Karen let out a very loud squeel of delight from inside the pickup. She shut the engine off hopped out from the cab and ran over to me gave me a big hug pressing her body very hard into me which I could feel her firm breasts pressing hard into me as she hugged me. Then Karen gave me a hard kiss on my cheek saying thank you thank you thank you!

I smiled and I said to Karen on to the next job. Your tv is next. So I went and picked up my tube tester and we both went inside the house going into the livingroom. She had a old tv which was very familair to me. It was a old RCA set which I had one exactly like it and so did a neighbor across the street from me had the same one that I had fixed for them.

I turned it on and I waited for it to come on which the sound did but no picture. I turned it off and unpluged it. I pushed it out sat down behind it and took the back off of it. I knew there was only thre tubes that would cuase the problem of having no picture so I pulled the first one and I plugged in my tester and put the tube in it.

Karen meanwhile had asked me if I wanted something cold to drink when I first started on her tv. She had soda,ice tea, and beer. She told me she was going to have a beer and so I also told her I'll have one too. By the time she had come back from the kitchen shhe handed me my beer and the tube that I had pulled was ready to be tested. I pushed th etest buton and there was no life in the tube at all.

I have one bad tube I said to Karen. Let me check to more. So I pulled the other two tubes from the set and I tested them which both of them were good. I put those two tubes back and I told Karen she had to go get a new tube now that your truck is running. I handed her the old dud tube and told her where to go get the replacement. I told her that I would look at the faulty elecrical plugs and switches while she was gone.

Karen said ok chugged her beer down and she left. I watched her walk out to the kitchen for Karen had on a nice tight pair of jeans cutoff shorts with a red halter top on. The backdoor slammed shut. I heard her Ford pickup start right up and I heard her leave. I got up took my beer with me and I went and looked at the plug that was not working in the bathroom.

The plug outlet was very old and as it turned out with the mosture in the bathroom the plugs metal tabs had rusted. So I could either clean the metal tabs or replace the plug unit. Since her ex had new plugs in the tool box I was going to replace it. I also had to shut the power off so I went and found the fuse box and luckily all the fuses were labled for which room they were for I unscrewed the one for the bathroom and I went back to the bathroom unhooked the wires off from the old plug and hooked them up to the new plug.

I had finished my beer before I went and turned the power off and now before I put the new outlet back in I needed to piss. Being in the bathroom I just went over to the toilet unzipped my jeans got my cock out and I lifted up the seat and I started to piss. It felt good too for I needed to go when I first came. Drinking the beer added more in bladder on top of what was already in it so I pissed hard with a nice wide headed stream going into a nice long twist. I stood there letting out a nice long but soft sigh of relief. It felt so good to piss!

While I was pissing Karen had come back. I didn't hear her pull in but I did hear her come inside the house. I had left the bathrooms door open so I knew she must hear the sund of the splashing my piss was making in the toilets water. She was out in the kitchen for I heard her open the fridge first, then the pop of a tab being pulled on a beer can along with the fizz as the can was opened.

I then heard footsteps in the hall and they stopped right at the open bathroom door. Karen giggled hard as she told me she had got the new tube for the tv. Looks like everything is comming out ok Karen said to me next. I knew she was watching me piss but I wasn't sure if she was watching only seeing me piss from behind where she could see me standing in front of the toilet not seeing anything but just hearing me piss. But she had said it looked like everything was comming out ok so like I had done this morning Karen was looking at my reflection in the mirrior of the medicine cabinet! She could see everything then!

I figured thinking to myself; What the heck I'll let her watch since I watched her piss. So I went right on pissing. I did take a quick glance over at the mirrior and Karen was standing in the hall at the open doorway and she was looking at the mirrior! About twenty seconds more passed Karen had remained silent. Then she spoke up saying that would I hurry up. I have to piss. I told her I was almost done. ( I really wasn't ) I took another look in the mirrior and Karen was doing a slight need to piss dance bouncing and jiggling a little too.

My cock was now stiffening up in my hand as I continuied my piss. It could have been by Karen watching me piss or knowing now that she needed to piss and was somewhat desperate in her need to go. I pissed for another good 15 seconds and I sqeezed down and made my piss stream stop. I gave my now hard fully erect cock a shake and stuffed it back inside my jeans and zipped them up.

I turned around and Karen was still doing her need to piss dance in the open doorway. Here I'll get out of your way I said to her. Karen told me I could stay as she came right into the bathroom already had her jean cutoff shorts snap undone and she was pulling down the zipper on them as she went over to the toilet. I stepped out of the way letting her go by me.

Even before she did reach the toilet Karen had shoved her cutoffs down enough that her bare cute ass was fully showing! I turned around then before she did and I had the plug in my hand but watched her image in the mirrior. Karen was despearte enoug in that when she did get to the toilet she didn't put the seta down. She just spun around and stepped back so tha her cute ass was hovering high over the bowl and she started to piss!

This time insiead of having a nice neat loud hissing stream Karens piss splattered all over as she it came out from her pussy! It was a messy gusher of a piss! Piss was splattering enough so that it splattered on her inner upper thighs,on the rim of the toile bowl, all over inside the bowl, and the main part of her stream splashed very loudly in the water in the toilet.

Karen let out a very loud sigh. Then as I watched in the mirrior Karen like I said was in a high hover over the toilet she was bent way over also. She then straightened up and said to me; You don't know how close I was in pising in my shorts! I almost pissed them right out there in the hall! I smiled to myself which I didn't know or not if Karen saw me smile from my image maybe be reflected in the medicine cabinets mirrior. I said back to her. Then the way it sounds with you saying that it was a good thing you did make it. I saw her smile but Karen didn't reply back to me.

Karen renmained silent until her stream stopped its messy splattering and gushing. It had eased off some for it now was a neat stream that was just barely angling forward,hissing softly, and it had a short twist in it as I continied to watch by looking at the mirrior. Karen went on and pissed like this for 20 more seconds or so. Then her stream faded right out with its soft hissing stopping, going straight down , and then she dribbled for a long time and then she dripped to a stop.

She stood up and rolled off a lot of toilet paper. She wiped the piss off from her thighs first. Then she rolled off some more toilte paper and wiped well under her vagina taking care of her wet blonde pubic hair and her lower asscheeks. Theyt had gotten wetted when she had dribbled. She dropped that wad of paper in the toilet and she rolled off more then wiped her pussy off several times and dropped that paper in the toilet.

Then with out pulling hercutoffs up Karen stepped away from the toilet turned and reached and rolled of a big wad of toiletpaper and she wiped the rim of the bowl down with it and then sqauted down and wiped up the floor where her splattering piss had wetted the floor. Then she tossed that wad in the toilet flushed the toilet and then she pulled up her cutoff shorts.

Then she went out to the kitchen came back with her open beer went back over to the ytoilet put the seta and lid down and ast down on the lid. She took a fast long sip of her ber. Then she laughed saying to me; Ok breaks over are you going back to work? I laughed lightly and I still had the new plug in my hand which was wired up and I put it back on the outlet box and screwed it in.

Want to go and turn me back on? I asked Karen. Karen laughing said back to me as she got up off from the toilet; Arn't you already turned on? I laughed as Karen stepped out of the bathroom and she went out to the fuse box and took care of the fuse. Then she told me it was in try it! I put my meter into the plug and it showed power in both of the plugs. I yelled back to Karen; All set in here now.

I picked up the few tools I had and walked into the livigroom. Karen came in the living room with her beer and the new tube for the tv. I took the tube from her and I put it back in the tv. I plugged it in and turned it on. The set warmed up and a good picture now came on along with the sound. Karen smiled with a bg smile. I smiled back and I put the cover back on the back of the set and pushed it back in place where it had been.

I turned and looked at Karen. Doesn't that deserve another beer? I asked her. Karen smiling got up from the couch telling me; It sure does! She hurried out to the kitchen got me a cold beer and came back with it already opened and handed it to me. I took a good sip from it and then I told her On to the next job. I went and replaced one bad plug in the livingrom and a wall switch too. Then I replaced two more switches and that was it for the electrical work.

I then had to look at her stereo which was a quick easy fix. The fm was very fuzzy sounding and that turned out that one of the two wire antenna wires on it had broke and come off from where it connected. I took care of that and stations came in fine and clear. Karen was very happy having that fixed now for she left it on which she liked listening to the same kind of music I did. That was nice too.

It was now fairly late in the afternoon. I was getting hungry and so was Karen so she invited for me to stay to have supper with her. I stayed of course. We wound up eating outside. Karen made a great tasing steak along with some great fries (homemade) and corn on the cob. We also had more beer with our supper too.

