Meet the Parents (fiction)

15th July 2011, 12:53 PM

Author: rydwi69

Location: Scotland (Sex: Male) Posts: 19

A new (and entirely fictional) story. Do let me have some feedback as I have some other stories you might like!

***

Meet the Parents

"Don't look so nervous," Toby looked over at me with a rather cross expression on his face.

"It's all right for you. You're not being taken to meet your parents for the first time."

"Well they won't bite you."

I wasn't so sure of that. Toby came from a posh family; they lived in a big house in the country and took afternoon tea on the lawn. That was what I was being invited to - afternoon tea on the lawn.

We bowled along the windy Devon lanes with their high banks hovered in those purply blue flowers you see everywhere in July. It was a hot sunny day and Toby had the roof of the convertible down. He was dressed in pale pink cords and a light beige cotton shirt with the cuffs rolled back the obligatory two turns.

"Do I look all right?" I asked.

"Stunning," replied. He never used two words where one would do. On the other hand I did look stunning: tight little cotton hot pants, white blouse tied under my voluptuous boobs, little jewelled piercing in my navel (and elsewhere but that wasn't on display!)

We rolled up the drive of Piddlecombe Manor and there to greet us were Toby's parents. He in tweed sports jacket, regimental tie and light slacks; she in floral print dress and flowery hat. I wasn't quite sure if hot pants were quite right for afternoon tea on the lawn.

"Mother, Father," Toby always called them that, "can I introduce Sharon."

Formal introductions. I put on my poshest accent, "Sir Henry, Lady Trelawny, so pleased to meet you," I had Googled the correct form of address!

"Do call us Henry and Bunty," Lady Trelawny, she of the floral print, gushed.

"Sharon, such a charming name. Tell me, is it perhaps Hungarian - what?"

Hungarian? What was the old buffer going on about? Then I realised. He would have been brought up in a world of Camillas and Josephines and Antonias. He'd probably never come across the name Sharon before.

"Have some tea - what?" He had a disconcerting habit of ending every sentence with 'What'. We had made our way onto the lawn where a table was laid out with a silver teas service and plates of cucumber sandwiches.

"Earl Grey - what?"

"What?" Who was Earl Grey? Was he coming as well?

"What - what? Oh the Earl Grey. It's a type of tea - with oil of Bergamot. Stimulates the bladder - what. Good for the kidneys - what. Frightful bounder mind. Wouldn't drink his tea - what. But need to flush the kidneys - what. For the gout - what."

"How was he a bounder Sir Henry?"

"Gave votes to the lower orders - what. Frightful," he looked at me as if he suddenly realised I was one of the lower orders!

I drank the tea and ate the cucumber sandwiches. It was all very civilised. A perfectly manicured lawn, an old country house, an English herbaceous border and cups of Earl Grey tea. That was until the tea started to have an effect. I suddenly felt the need to pee. Well that's what tea does to you - well it does to me anyway. It didn't seem to affect anyone else.

I realised I would have to ask the way to the... To the what? What did these Upper Crusties call it? It's embarrassing enough to ask to be excused by strangers, but when you know that to call it the wrong thing would be regarded as unspeakably vulgar it's ten times worse. The toilet? Too clinical. The loo? Too twee. The bathroom? Too American. The bog? Too vulgar.

Eventually after sitting in my seat fidgeting and crossing my legs for quarter of an hour I garbled "Could I go and wash my hands please.» I probably blushed red as I said it. Honestly. Well it is an embarrassing thing to ask strangers.

Bunty spoke up, "Certainly my dear," follow me. With a sigh of relief I put down my serviette or napkin or whatever I was supposed to call it and followed her into the house, keeping my legs together as I walked. I was getting a bit desperate by now!

She led me into the kitchen, pointed to the sink and said, "There's the towel dear."

For one moment I thought I was supposed to pee in the sink, then I realised. They'd taken me literally. I'd been shown where I could actually wash my hands.

I should have explained what I really wanted, but I couldn't. It was just too embarrassing. I went back into the garden getting more and more desperate by the minute. Stimulates the bladder the old buffoon had said - he was right there! I could barely hold it in. I might have just managed it if Toby hadn't told his joke. The one about the girl on the mountain path. You know the one. There's nothing so difficult for a desperate girl to cope with as laughing.

I felt a warm surge in the crotch of my panties. Oh no! I was peeing in my knickers like a little girl. I looked down. A large dark stain was spreading across the front of my hot pants between my legs. I felt more spurt out and more. I couldn't hold it any longer. There was only one thing for it. I pulled my pants down. I pulled my wet knickers down and I squatted on the lawn and peed and peed and peed as Henry and Bunty looked on. My face was redder than I beetroot but I couldn't stop. It must have been about three minutes before the final dribble ended. I took off my wet pants and knickers and stuffed them in a carrier bag. I untied my blouse so that it dropped down to cover my naughty bits and I sat down at the table.

Henry picked up a plate.

"Cucumber sandwich - what?" he asked. They really are very polite these posh people. Mustn't embarrass the guests even if they are from the lower orders.

