Rob joins in with the girl's hockey team pee initiation!

25th March 2007, 04:31 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

It was a crisp March day as Rob knocked on Kathy and Sarah's door. Normally, he'd be wearing his Rugby kit, ready for practice on a Saturday morning, but it was off today. Instead, he'd agreed to give Kathy and Sarah a lift to their hockey practice, as he was going into town, and it was on the way. The university didn't have facilities for hockey, and the ladies university hockey club played at a posh local girls school.

The 3 of them were doing the same course at Uni, and in their second year had decided to rent houses next door to each other - it saved money on taxis when they went into town, and Rob - having a car - could give them lifts! Today Kathy and Sarah were in luck. Instead of getting their bikes out, they would go to Hockey practice in the comfort of Rob's car.

As the front door opened, Rob's eyebrows raised in appreciation as he saw Kathy and Sarah in their short hockey skirts. He was going to enjoy giving this lift!

They chatted as they drove, the girls asking Rob what he was planning to do in town.

"Oh not much, just clothes shopping really." he replied.

"Why don't you watch us play for a bit?" suggested Kathy.

Rob thought for a moment. He wasn't a particular fan of hockey, but if the girls were all dressed like Kathy and Sarah, it could be fun!

"Yeah, why not" he said with a smile.

They soon arrived at the school, and as Rob drove through the big gates, they could see the two teams getting ready beside the pitch. He parked in the staff carpark, and as Kathy and Sarah ran over to great their friends, he walked to the side of the pitch, waiting for the match to begin. There was only him and a couple of pensioners in the crowd!

But, the waiting went on - and on - and on. Rob could see Kathy and Sarah's team in a group, chatting and gesticulating. Why didn't they just get on with the game?

It was about to become clear. He saw Sarah pointing at him, heard murmurs of agreement, then saw Sarah jogging towards him!

"Rob, we have a problem. Our goalie's not arrived, and we don't have anyone spare to do it. Could you help out and stand in goal for us? The other team are OK with it."

"But Sarah, I've never played hockey, I wouldn't know what to do, and besides, I don't have any kit."

"Oh don't worry, just put the padding and helmet on, and stop the ball going in the net anyway you can. We'll explain the rules if things get complicated. You can wear what you're wearing under the padding"

"Well, Ok then." said Rob, and walked sheepishly over to put the padding and helmet on. All set up, he walked over, stood in the goal. and braced himself for what was to come..

It soon became clear that Kathy and Sarah's team were absolute rubbish! Most of the play was around Rob's goal, and he saw plenty of action, darting around trying to stop the high speed ball. He seemed to be a great hit with his team though, who cheered and slapped him on the back everytime he managed to stop the ball!

Finally, the game was over, and the girls crowded round Rob, chatting and laughing as they walked to the changing room together - despite the fact they'd lost. It's only when they arrived at the door, they remembered: this was a girl's school - there was only one changing room! Rob offered to wait in the car and then shower when he got home, but the girls got into one of their close huddles again. He could hear them whispering, but not what they were saying. Some girls looked a bit dubious at what was being said, while others laughed, but eventually, they seemed to come to agreement. Kathy turned and looked at Rob.

«Rob, you can shower with us if you like. It's the least you deserve after stepping in like that. Watch out though, we may put you through our little team initiation ceremony...» she said with a wink.

Rob was dumbstruck. He'd spent most of the match seeing the girls tightly skirted bums, with occasional flashes of knickers and had spent most of the last hour with a semi. It was all he could do to walk as Kathy led him into the changing room. He could see several of the girls leaving without showering, clearly too embarresed to shower with Rob there, but there were still around 10 happy to carry on. He also needed to pee, but was too taken up with the moment to ask where the toilets were.

In the changing room, he watched as the girls started to undress. Skirts were lowered, tops taken off, knickers were slid down.

«Come on Rob, you'll need to get undressed» said Caroline, the tallest girl.

Rob could already feel the blood filling his penis as he watched the curvacious bottoms and breasts. He looked down at a pair of white knickers on the bench in front of him. They were slightly skid-marked from the owner's exertions and with a faint but unmistakable yellow colour at the crotch. She quickly picked them up and put them in her bag when she saw Rob looking, clearly embaressed, but they'd already had their effect on Rob, who's penis became stiffer as he sheepishly took off his clothes. He had to lever himself out of his boxers, only his need to pee stopping him getting a full erection.

So, here he was in a communal shower with 10 naked girls. Some were coy and tried vainly to cover themselves up, but others openly lathered and washed in full view of Rob, enjoying the buzz of being watched. All of them regularly glanced at his hard, swollen cock, some more openly than others! One of the most blatant was Kathy, who stared at it, then licked her lips as she smiled at him. Then she came over.

«You need help washing that thing?»

Before he could answer, Kathy reached out and took his hard penis in her hand, sliding up and down and covering it with lather. But as her hand pressed against Rob's bladder on each upstroke, he was reminded of his need to pee.

«Kathy, I need to have a piss, where do I go?»

She grinned. «Just find one of the grates and do it there, that's what we do. The water soon washes it away.» but then stopped herself and said «Here, let me help you.»

She led Rob by the hand to the nearest floor grate, but instead of leaving him to pee, she stood over it herself!

«Pee here» she instructed him, pointing to her crotch. «Pee on my clit.»

«Err...OK» he said, then talk hold of his tool and aimed it at Kathy's womanhood. As all the other girls stared, he finally got his stream going in his aroused state. As he peed, Kathy rubbed her clitoris, clearly hugely aroused herself. Rob looked at her wet body. Her breasts swollen and her nipples pointing out stiffly. Then he looked round at their audience. Several of them were also rubbing themselves in response to what they were seeing. The shower area was almost boiling with lust!

«I think its about time for Rob's initiation, don't you ladies?» said Sarah, as Rob's stream finally slowed. «OK Rob lie down here.»

Rob laid down on the floor of the shower as five of the girls - including Kathy and Sarah - gathered round him. Then each of them spread their pussy lips, and, one by one, let go a golden stream onto Rob's body. His cock, now freed from it's need to pee, grew to it's full erect state and 2 of the girls aimed their streams on his member. Each girl had a unique stream. One - who seemed the most desperate - produced a wide golden blade, which seem to coil together as it gushed from between her lips. Kathy's stream was a bit slower, as she was the most aroused of the group. Rob couldn't stop rubbing his rock hard dick furiously now, and as each girls' stream stopped one by one, they did the same, rubbing their clits vigorously as they brought themself close to orgasm. Rob looked up at their stiff nipples and blurred hands, and with a grunt, spurted an arc of cum into the air above him. The girl's soon followed, spasming as their orgasms washed over them.

The six of them eventually collapsed together on the floor of the shower, rubbing and carressing as their lust subsided.

