A Dream Come True

26th March 2012, 09:41 PM

Author: Luke13Connors

Location: Greystones, Ireland (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 581

This story is a work of fiction, though something I would love to become reality.

A DREAM COME TRUE

She was my tutor for philosophy and I can honestly say that I have never seen a more beautiful woman. Her tutorials are what make my weeks enjoyable. I try to pay attention to what she says but every time I fail, as I am enchanted just listening to the way she pronounces her words with her Dutch accent. To make it even more of a challenge I am instantly transfixed by her luscious lips and the little dances they perform as she speaks. When I am not fixated by her lips I am drawn to her flowing raven black hair be it tied up in a ponytail! Either way it adds to the overall perfection of her face and her eyes as blue as the Adriatic Sea which are complimented by her pretty slender nose. The only way that I can take in the content of the tutorials is when I tear my gaze from her face to my notes (which tend to be blank more often than not).

Though to actually make the transition from her beautiful face (a clear rival to that of Helen), to my notes I have to pass over her body. A task that I can assure you is much easier said then done! After you have finished praising her face you come across her neck, which I will admit doesn't have any spectacular features, but it just seems worthy of its own mention. Travelling straight down her neck you pass her shoulders before reaching your desired destination, her beautiful bosom. She rarely wears tops that reveal any of her cleavage, but whenever she turns to the side you can easily see how much they protrude!

To make it even more unbearable when she sits facing the class you can tell how perfectly round they are. There are not enough fingers in the world to count how many times I have fantasized holding them in my hands, while I sucked on her nipples. Once you manage to cease ogling at her ample breasts, you move down to her hips which would drive any man crazy. The annoyingly catchy Shakira song comes to mind when you glimpse her hips. If you are lucky enough to be present when she stands to write on the board, you are treated to a wonderful sight! You get the chance to stare in amazement at her derriere in all its round glory.

Now that I have finished describing the astounding beauty of the woman that is my philosophy tutor I will tell you how today became the best one that I have ever had. Come one and all; join me as I weave a tale of lust, love and above all golden times!

I looked at the time on my iTouch and it read 14:08. «SHIT!' I blurted out followed by my cheeks going red faster then Usain Bolt can run as I realised I wasn't the only one in the elevator. I was in too much of a hurry to try and explain why I randomly yelled «SHIT' so I quietly began thinking of an excuse for being 8 minutes late. The fact that it was a tutorial that wasn't graded and that it was only 1st year Philosophy I really had nothing to worry about. Yet for some insane reason I didn't want to disappoint Rozie, though why she would actually care escaped me. When the elevator reached the 5th floor I raced out and sprinted or rather walked briskly towards the classroom.

Standing outside the classroom I composed myself before walking in. I pushed the door handle down and walked in with my head down, as I didn't want to meet Rozie's eyes as I was arriving late. I sat in the chair by the window on the right hand side of the room as I do every Monday. When I had taken my stuff out of my bag and laid them out of the small desk attached to every chair I looked up. To my disbelief and dismay Rozie wasn't sitting in her chair smiling back at the class. Then it dawned on me that that there was no one else in the room, it was just me and my confused thoughts. I was completely alone looking like a child who had lost his mother while at the shopping mall. As far as I could remember there was no email telling me that the tutorial was cancelled, I scratched my head in bemusement.

I jumped in my seat when I heard someone clearing their throat. I turned my head to see who it was and it took all of my self-control to stop my jaw from dropping! It was her, the woman I constantly fantasize about.

«You're in my Monday tutorial aren't you?' It was hard for me not to smile at her remembering who I was; I barely managed to answer her.

«Yes, though it seems like it isn't on today though.' Rozie smiled,

«you're right there, did you not remember that today was the day we didn't have a tutorial scheduled?'

«It must have slipped my mind,' I let out a quiet chuckle, «it's probably because I was looking forward to seeing you.' The minute the words left my lips I blushed realising what I had just said. A look of bashfulness and apology fell across my face in a quick swooping motion.

«Is that so? Would that be because I am a really good tutor and you know you're being educated?' As she said that a little mischievous smile crept across her face.

«If I said yes I would be lying' I raised her smirk with an even bigger mischievous grin of my own.

«Oh really, well would you be so kind as to tell me why you look forward to seeing me?' To my complete and utter disbelief she actually winked at me!

«I could be so kind,' I said as I stood up out of the chair, «but I would rather do you the favour of showing you.' I had no idea where this confidence was coming from, only a minute previously I was a bumbling fool.

«You want to show me do you?' Rozie raised her eyebrows in a quizzical expression, «well when were you thinking of doing that?' while standing there with her hands on her curvaceous hips.

«Well clearly we both have time to kill,' I nonchalantly pointed out as I took a step closer to Rozie, «why not do something useful with that time?', thus confirming my intentions.

«Here? Now?' she asked incredulously, «I don't know we could be caught.' We looked into each other eyes and somewhere deep inside both of us was that little voice saying do it, you know you want to. For some insane reason neither of us cared if we would get caught.

«True, there is a risk we might get caught,' I mused while stepping yet closer again to Rozie, «though we both know that you have a free schedule for the rest of the day. And if we know that so does the university, which means nobody will be looking for you.' I smiled assured that my reasoning was flawless.

Rozie opened her mouth to protest, but before she could say a word I put the index finger of my right hand to her lips. «Shush my precious,' she took my finger in her mouth and started to suck it, «also I know it will be a risk worth taking.' With that said I took my finger from her mouth walked past her and locked the door. Then I proceeded to shut all the blinds, as the room had windows on two sides. «So how exactly are we going to do this?' I looked to Rozie with a smile that said I am completely out of my depth. «To be honest I haven't really done anything like this before.'

Rozie laughed «how about you come over here and show me why you were looking forward to seeing me?' she smiled cheekily and began to take off her top.

The second she began taking her top off was the point of no return. I stared in awe as the breasts I imagined on numerous occasions appeared right in front of me. I shuffled forward as if in a trance. It was almost like I was having an outer-body experience and actually watching what was taking place. I hesitantly put a hand on each breast and almost dropped to my knees, as my legs felt like they had turned to jelly.

Rozie giggled «you were right about not doing this often! Don't just hold them, caress them,' she put her hands on mine, «here let me show you.' I focused on her breasts as she slowly moved my hands in a circular clockwise motion. «Do you see what I mean? You want to try and feel every millimetre of my skin.' Taking her words I stopped looking at her breasts and started to feel them, «you should want me to enjoy everything that you do.' She then let go of my hands and I was in control now.

«You have no idea how many times I have fantasized about doing this!' I smiled gleefully before lowering me head and taking her right nipple in my mouth. As I was sucking her nipple I was pinching her left nipple between my fingers.

Rozie let out a little moan of pleasure «ooh that feel so good, don't stop.'

I swapped nipples and commenced sucking on her lift nipple leading to more aroused moans. I left one hand on her right breast as I kissed her passionately, while at the same time putting my left hand down her pants enjoying the dampness.

«Let me help,' Rozie mumbled through our kiss as she started unbuttoning her jeans. Our hands danced frantically taking her pants off, «come on help me clear the desk.'

Part of me wanted to do the dramatic sweep everything off the desk move, but we didn't want to draw any unwanted attention to ourselves (and there was a computer which I did not want to pay for if it broke).

As quick as we could we cleared the desk and then Rozie hopped onto the edge. Even though I was a virgin I still knew what was expected of me (probably the abundance of hours watching porn that I had accumulated over the years). I knelt before her as if I was worshipping a goddess, and I positioned my mouth in front of her gorgeous pussy.

I started to blow softly on her vulva making sure I was covering ever part. I rejoiced in seeing how her labium was getting tickled by my hot breath and causing Rozie immense pleasure. I could tell that she was being pleasured due to the little moans she was letting out.

After a minute or two of me blowing on her vulva I started to kiss her pussy letting my tongue lap up the juices that had already gathered. Taking her advice I covered every millimetre of her vulva with my tongue, while I fondled with her breasts.

«Oh that feels so amazing,' Rozie pushed my head towards her pussy and she thrust her hips forward smothering me in the process, «use your fingers now, part the lips and insert them.' She was bucking her hips into my face so that my face was getting smeared with her pussy juices. «When you have a good rhythm going I want you to suck on my clit.'

Not wanting to disappoint I pulled my head away and spat on her pussy, then I parted her labia with my fingers and revelled in the sweet smell.

I got two fingers and slowly inserted them into her vagina. Immediately my fingers were soaked so I pulled them out and sucked all the flavour from them. I repeated the motion though this time I offered my fingers up to Rozie, and she happily obliged sucking my fingers dry. I put them in again and started to move them back and forth quickening the pace with each insertion.

When I had her juices really flowing form the rhythm I had going, I wrapped my lips around her clit which was rock hard. Rozie let out the loudest moan of pure ecstasy completing forgetting about where we were.

«That's a good boy, keep doing what you're doing and I'll make you feel as good as I do now.'

Knowing that I was having the time of my life and was going to lose my virginity seemed irrelevant as I was lost in the moment. The smell of her pussy, the taste of her juices and the feeling of my fingers sliding in and out of her vagina were so good that I didn't want to ever stop.

I had no idea how long I spent on my knees, her sitting on the edge of the desk; her pussy getting eaten out. After what seemed like aeons we both stood up to stretch and we kissed passionately, letting our hands go wherever they pleased.

Rozie then pulled a chair over and pushed me onto it, «sit back and enjoy.'

With a devilish smile and a glint in her eyes, she dropped to her knees and took my cock in her hands.

«For making me feel so good I am going to make you feel better then you ever have before.' She finished her sentence by putting her mouth over the head of my engorged member and slowly taking in my shaft. She was bobbing up and down but at an even pace letting her saliva mix with my pre-cum. The sensations I was feeling were indescribable! My spine was tingling and my toes were curling.

I couldn't believe how close I was to losing my virginity! That was when I felt it, a tingling sensation around my crotch. My first thought was «I'm gonna blow!' which just seemed bloody typical! I was living my dream and I was going to be the fool who shoots too soon. After a moment of cussing myself out of self-disgust I realized that the tingling sensation wasn't actually from my balls but my bladder. I was being warned that the damn was close to bursting and that there was going to be a flood of biblical proportions!

Part of me wanted to do nothing so I wouldn't spoil the moment, while the other said telling her was my only logical option. So with a mental sigh I put my hands on Rozie's head and pushed it off my soaked cock.

«Rozie I hate to spoil the moment but I have to pee.' I felt like such an idiot for putting a halt to my first ever blowjob.

I was expecting a sigh and then an end to our session. Though to my joyous surprise all she did was smile.

«Why would that spoil anything?' she met my shocked expression with a cheeky grin, «I think it will actually make it better.'

I was completely dumbfounded «really, are you sure?' Rozie just laughed «you're actually turned on my pee?' the scepticism was clear in my question and I was still expecting a no.

«I'm a big time pee lover, though I've never had someone to play with,' Rozie let out a little sigh «also I am Dutch remember?' She winked and giggled «we're already in a good position so tell me to open my mouth when you're ready.'

I looked at her still in shock that not only was I with the woman of my fantasies but she was also into a fetish I never dreamed I would experience with someone else! I actually had to pinch myself just to make sure that this wasn't another dream of mine!

«You're undeniably amazing Rozie,' we stared at each other admiring our naked bodies. «You can open your mouth now, get ready for a soaking.'

She obediently obliged and as soon as her mouth opened my pee erupted forward. She gasped as the stream of golden warmth hit her face, splattering everywhere. I took hold of my cock so I could concentrate and aim directly at her mouth. To make the experience even more hot (if that was even possible), she was gulping my pee down as quick as it was shooting out. Whatever pee she didn't swallow she would spit out and it was so sexy seeing the way it cascaded down her chin before hitting her breasts, which were getting covered in more and more of my pee.

Once or twice I deliberately aimed at them to give them a good soaking just to see the way they glistened in the light. I also made sure that some reached her pussy which was driving her crazy, the way it was tickling her. I couldn't begin to tell how long I had been peeing on her heavenly naked body, but by the time I was finished she was completely soaked in it!

Eager for more she leaned forward and started to lap up what little pee was gathered around the head of my cock. She was so desperate to suck all the pee from my cock that it made the blowjob even more enjoyable, I could have sworn that her life depended on that blowjob!

She lifted her head from my dick and licked her lips «oh that felt so good! I'm so happy that you did that for me, I'll make sure to return the favour.''

Her devilish smile appeared again, my first thought was that I was finally going to lose my virginity when to my surprise she told me to put my legs in the air.

I looked at her quizzically not sure what was about to happen, though excited to find out. I had an idea which I dismissed straight away (yet part of me was still secretly hopeful).

«I said,' this was now a command and no longer a request «shift your butt forward, lift you legs up and let me at your ass.'

Confident of what I thought was about to take place I quickly did as I was told. I was using my hands to keep my legs in place as I looked to Rozie with eager anticipation.

As I had hoped Rozie positioned her face right in front of my anus stuck out her tongue and slowly started to lick. Her tongue was making circular motions coating it with her spit before she started to stick her tongue inside it.

«Oh my god Rozie that feels amazing!' I let out a long ecstatic moan and closed my eyes so I could focus on the sound her tongue was making as moved in and out of my anus. The feeling of my anus being eaten out was so fantastic that my cock was rock hard and my whole body was convulsing more and more the longer she spent down there.

«Rozie I want you to put your fingers up there too!' I literally panted the command as I was barely able to speak! She spat on my anus, put her fingers to her mouth to lube them up; then one at a time placed four fingers in my anus. I bit my lower lip harder and harder as each finger penetrated my ass.

I couldn't believe that my philosophy tutor was finger fucking my butthole! As she was fucking my anus with the fingers of her right hand, she started sucking my cock again which was standing to attention.

Every now and then she would swap hands and when she did she would either lift her fingers to her mouth to suck them dry, or lift them to my mouth so I could do the same. I don't mean to brag but my ass tastes great!

«Rozie keep going for a bit more and then you can let me fuck you silly.' I rolled in my eyes in a moment of pure euphoria.

If I had to give a number I would say it was about ten minutes that Rozie was having fun with my anus. When she was finished after having her fill I was drenched in sweat and we both stood up. I turned her around, walked her over to the desk before I proceeded to bend her over.

I gently spanked her ass and enjoyed watching the way it jiggled from my touch. She reached her hand beneath her so she could rub her pussy moistening it so I would have easy access. Without another moments hesitation I spread her labium and carefully inserted the head of my cock. She grabbed my cock to help me direct it into her vagina and ever so slowly I let each of my 7 inches penetrate her.

When I was balls deep she let out an elated moan «ooh I can feel you in my stomach.'

She gripped the end of the desk with her hands «I want you to start moving in and out of me with as fast a rhythm as you can manage,' she pushed her butt backwards so my cock would have more room to manoeuvre «at the same time I want you to finger my ass so you can prepare it.'

I grinned «yes boss' and then I pulled my cock out until only the head was still in her vagina. I put a hand on each hip before I thrust forward letting our pelvises smack into one another. My cock felt like it was at home inside her vagina and it was telling me that it never wanted to leave. Rozie was so wet that I was able to push in and out with very little effort. I started to pick up the pace going faster and faster, harder and harder making her moans grow longer and louder.

I got my right thumb and sucked on it before letting it hover at the entrance to her anus, circling; waiting for the perfect moment to strike.

«Put your thumb in my ass!' Rozie practically screamed at me as I was penetrating her with so much momentum the desk was rocking under us.

I happily submitted to her demand and stuck my thumb in her ass marvelling at how tight of a grip there was. Our pelvises were smashing into each other so hard and fast I don't know how our screams of pleasure weren't being heard around the whole campus!

We stayed locked in that position for over fifteen minutes and by the time Rozie asked me to pull out and lay on the floor we were both exhausted but still incredibly horny.

I pulled out and took a moment to catch my breath before I lay down like she asked me to.

«I am going to ride you like a mechanical bull' we both laughed at her humorous simile describing what we were about to do, though I still braced myself.

Rozie stood over my body and I couldn't help but stare with stupefaction at her naked body. I gestured with my hands for her to plant herself on my cock so I could fuck her.

Rozie grinned «not yet, before we do that I want you to open your mouth' and moved her hands down towards her pussy.

My eyes widened with scepticism as I though to myself, is she really going to do what I think? Not sure what her plan was I still went ahead with it. Staying in her standing position she put her hands to her vulva and spread her labium.

«Are you abou-«I didn't even get to finish my question as a torrent of warm pee slammed into my face! I couldn't believe how great the feeling of her pee was as she started to saturate my body. Any that was aimed at my mouth I greedily swallowed.

The sound of her pee as it buffeted my face, my torso; everywhere else on my body before it splashed onto the floor was amplified by the pure kinkiness of the moment. The hiss of pee stream as it was spraying out of her enticing pussy was like golden music to my ears! The sound transfixed me, I could have been lounging on a beach in Greece being fed grapes I felt that good!

When the sound had ceased a pang of disappointment travelled through me. Then to my bewilderment Rozie stepped forward and knelt down so that her dripping wet pussy was literally millimetres away from my face.

«I thought you might want to suck out the last of it.' Rozie beamed and then thrust her crotch into my face. «Do you like that naughty boy? Do you like having my pussy in your face?'

As she was taunting me Rozie was undulating in a circular motion, so I could have a brief window to take a breath before being smothered again. My tongue was yet again exploring the wonders of her vagina trying to taste the droplets of pee left over from my showering.

I raised one hand so I could fondle her bouncing her breasts while my other hand reached around her butt to fuck her anus.

«Do you want to play with that now?' Rozie enquired with a cheeky smile.

She then hoisted herself up and made an 180degrees turn so that it was now her ass in my face.

«Go on have a taste,' Rozie encouraged as she used her hands to spread her ass cheeks so I had a full view of her anus «I know you want to.'

I raised my head and sniffed taking in the musky, earthy smell of her anus. I put my hands on her hips so I could pull her ass closer to my face. My tongue snaked forward and then I made contact!

I thought the feeling of my thumb in there was amazing, this was ten million times better! I let my tongue circle her anus going every which way and where!

«Does it taste good?' Rozie asked after another one of her numerous ecstatic moans.

I nodded excitedly and put my hands on hers so I could spread her cheeks even wider, I was determined to taste as much as I could.

«Ok dirty boy, let's fill it up.' My first thought was that she was going to mount my cock and ride me right there and then, but unexpectedly she stood up and pulled me to my feet.

«I'm going to lie on my back and stick my legs in the air;' I assumed she wanted me to rim her again «then I want you to fold them over so that they're on the floor beside my head.' Clearly I was wrong and I looked at her incredulously not knowing what to think.

«It's ok,' she said assuredly «it's a position called the piledriver. I guess you can tell what that means?'

With that she lay on her back stuck her legs in the air and I did as was instructed of me. The image of her in that position will stay ingrained in my memory till the day that I die. It was then I realized that I now had easy access to both of her holes.

I spat on my cock and coated it before spitting on her anus and using it as lube. Then I grabbed my dick and plunged into her ass. Even with the added spit the push in was nowhere as simple as her pussy.

I could tell not only by the tight grip on my cock but also by the «ooohs' and «aaahs' coming from Rozie. I had considered pulling out as I was worried that I was hurting Rozie and I would have within an instant gave up the chance to have anal sex if it meant not causing her pain.

Though to ease my fears she smiled and told me to keep going, «if I'm feeling it that means you're doing it right.' Knowing that her winces were completely natural I continued to push in until I was balls deep.

«Oh fuck you're ass is so tight!' Just like when I was screwing her pussy I pulled out to the point where only my head was in her anus before thrusting forward again. I was ploughing into her ass at as quick a pace as the tight squeeze would let me.

I knew I was doing well because there was sweat gathering on both our foreheads amidst the shrieks Rozie was bellowing out.

Eventually she asked me to stop as her neck was getting sore. I pulled out and helped her to knees and we knelt together locked in a passionate kiss. The kiss was even more arousing as we could taste each others piss and asses from the others mouth.

My right hand made its way down her body so I could rub her clit. As it was making the journey down I revelled in the stickiness of Rozie's skin from my pee mixed with sweat. At the same time my left hand had reached around her beautiful bubble to penetrate her anus (which was still gaping due to my having fucked it).

Her hands were on their own separate journeys as mine were exploring her nether regions. Her right hand had meandered down my torso on a collision course for my still rock hard cock.

Once it reached its destination she started giving me a slow hand-job. Meanwhile her left hand she put in her mouth to cover in her saliva before reaching around my back to reach my anus.

I couldn't help but marvel at the situation; I was finger fucking my tutor's anus as she was doing the same to me.

«Rozie lets go again.' We smiled at each other as we stood up at the same time. «What way do you want me to take you?'

«Well,' Rozie looked so sexy when she was thinking «I'll hop on the desk and lie on my back.' She started walking over to the desk while telling me her desire «I think you know what to do from there.' She giggled childishly as she propped herself up on the desk.

I sauntered over with a new found confidence which an hour or two ago I had none of. I was no longer the frustrated virgin; I was now a «man'.

I stepped in front of Rozie grabbed her hair with my right hand and pulled her into an extremely sensual kiss. At the same time my left hand was playing with her pussy making it wet for taking me.

«Come on big boy, are you going to fuck me or not? Rozie took hold of my cock in her right hand and positioned its head outside the entrance to her vagina.

I think it was the confidence rising inside me that caused me to bellow «CHARGE!' as I penetrated her. We both laughed heartily before I started to plough into her faster than I had previously.

«Oh fuck, oh fuck, don't stop!' Rozie was playing with her breasts while screaming with elation.

«Oh I'm not stopping anytime soon!' I was grinning sheepishly when I said that but I knew that I was very close to explosion. It seemed like Rozie was too though, as her shrieks were growing in number and increasing in volume.

The sound of our pelvises impacting and my balls smacking against her butt was almost sending me over.

The strong aromatic smell of our piss and sweat covered bodies was intoxicating. Then add to that her free flowing juices which smelt so sweet just made it even harder to stop myself from releasing.

Just as I was about to thrust forward again Rozie screeched «I'm gonna cum, fuck, I am going to cum!' She was barely able to take a breath «pull out and get on your knees, NOW!'

Rozie's urgency made me pretty sure that she was going to squirt. This was certainly something that I wasn't going to pass up, so I pulled out and sank to my knees without batting an eyelid!

«I'm cumming, I-am-fuck-ing-cumm-ing!' I opened my mouth in eager anticipation. SMACK! The sound of her cum as it slapped against my chest was loud enough to shatter an eardrum! I lowered my head so my mouth was in line with the direction her squirt was shooting in.

Rozie's body was writhing and bucking causing the desk to shake even more. She was rubbing her clit furiously so she could bring about another body shaking orgasm.

«Oh god, oh god, get ready,' her hair was matted to her forehead with sweat as her body convulsed once again.

This time I opened my mouth as wide as it could go and when she squirted I was hit with such an intense sweet flavour I was nearly knocked backwards!

The taste of her cum in my mouth, covering my face; dripping of my chin was delicious. It was definitely a different thing to pee, though the jury is still out on which one is better!

I licked my lips thoroughly not wanting to waste any. I got off my knees and picked Rozie up with her still on my cock and carried her over to the chairs. I sat her limp body down and asked her to kiss me. She eagerly (though exhausted) obliged tasting her own ejaculate as we locked lips.

The taste of her own cum must have filled her with more energy as our kiss became more lustful.

«Now that you've made me feel heavenly,' she said as she got out of the chair and knelt down in front of me «I'm going to finish you off.'

She spat on my cock and started to jerk it really hard and fast while fingering her pussy, which was absolutely drenched with a cocktail of pee, spit and female ejaculate.

After I would say was five minutes of continuous wanking my cock she swapped for her mouth as she knew I was close to the end.

«Oh fuck Rozie,' I put my hands on the back of her head so I was actually fucking her mouth by pushing against her head. She was gagging slightly so when I let her pull her head back a sloppy string of saliva dropped to the ground while the rest was coating my cock.

She resumed the blowjob once more, this time I was combing my hand through her hair but not fucking her throat. I had stuck three fingers of my left hand up my anus so I could have a really intense orgasm.

«Oh man, oh man,' I could feel the semen creeping up to my penis «open wide babe, I'm gonna blow!' Rozie stopped sucking my cock and leant back, that way her face and mouth would catch the majority of cum I would release.

I was stroking my cock now while fingering my ass which was clenching onto them as my whole body began to tense. «Ohhh, S-H-I-T!' I yelled as I clenched my sphincter expelling my cum with as much velocity as I could muster.

I opened my eyes to make sure that I had hit my target and boy had I! My jizz had glazed her face and she was using her fingers to lick most of it off. She stood up and we kissed again, this time me being the one tasting my own cum. My jizz and our saliva mixed together as our lips danced with one another.

«Lie down,' Rozie said as she gently pushed me to the floor «also stick your legs up like before.'

I didn't even have to ask and did as she commanded; knowing that whatever she had in mind was going to make me feel even better then I already did. She used her fingers to move whatever cum wasn't used into her mouth. The she gargled for a few seconds before she got on all fours and spat on my anus.

I couldn't believe that my own cum was actually being used to lube up my anus! She then started to put her fingers up there making a squelching sound as my own cum actually entered my bowels. Then driving me even crazier she started to suck it out as she was rimming me. She started to gargle it again before spitting it onto my dick.

My dick was semi-erect but once it knew it was needed again it stood to attention awaiting its orders. Rozie spread her labium once again before she straddling my cock and letting it insert itself.

As we were both physically spent this was in no way rough sex. That being said it was a beautiful thing of its own. Rozie was slowly undulating on my cock and I was rolling my hips.

She leant forward so we could kiss each other. If someone was just making a passing glance at us they wouldn't have thought we were actually moving. Our embrace was so sensual that we were being energized just by being together.

If we weren't making love on the floor of a classroom we could have stayed there (me inside her) for eternity. I have no idea how long we stayed in our sexual embrace but it really did feel like an aeon. I think we were brought back down to earth from our lofty heights of a sexual nature when we heard the rising crescendo of footsteps as people were making their way to their next classes.

«I hate myself for saying this,' I sighed as I cupped her face in my hands «but I think it would be wise for us to get dressed again.'

Rozie smiled a smile that pulled on my heartstrings «you're too cute,' and stood up helping me up too «and besides this definitely won't be our last session.' She winked one more time before kissing me again.

We nonchalantly got dressed not caring that we smelled strongly of pee and sex. Add to that we both looked like we had been fucking for the last three hours. I have no idea how she will be able to teach another tutorial in that room without remembering the fun we had together. I am pretty confident that she will be looking forward to our next time together, I know I will...

THE END

