Pee Friends from Afar~!

2nd March 2010, 11:10 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

So i have this really good friend, who lives across the world from me, who is the first person i ever admitted my pee passion too, and who made me feel good about the fact that i love peeing. He likes to hear about it. he will contact me and instruct me not to use the bathroom from then until he says i can. its a great game and i love it.

On this day he contacted me and so i did as per the game rules and carried on as per normal but could not releive myself till he said so. sometimes he will call me and then while listening, tell me to let go. afterwards i send him pics of my soaked panties and clothes. i love that even more. on this day though, before he could let me know it was okay to go a frined arrived for a chat and tea. it wa late afternoon. i immediatekly told him and he dared me to hold it and then let go in front of my friend. i was delighted at the idea but very nervous at how to go about it. she is a freind too after all. This is what i did:

So i had tea with my friend and we chatted and then well she chatted and i listened and we had more tea and my bladder really started to twinge... eventually she stood up to go. i stood up too and the movement caused me to lose my iron tight control and i felt a small squirt of pee escape, the warmth of it as it soaked my panties, and then as it wet the inner seam of my slacks and as i straightened i i felt the droplets run down my inner leg all the way down to my ankles.

But i just stood as if nothing had happened and chatted as we walked and talked. inside my heart was beating so hard i was scared she would hear it. i walked outside with her and as i stepped out behind her i let another small gush go, and it felt so good i bit my lip. oh gosh the feeling of the pee soaking into my panties and jeans, the first few drips that pushed through to the front. i loved it so much i had to concentrate not to moan or sigh. my friend never noticed and i kept on chatting. said oh dear i should have gone to the loo before this, but then laughed, she laughed too and said she makes the same mistake.

I helped her close her door then went over to bend and open the gate and as i did i just let go letting a big gush loose. wow what a feeling. oh my gosh i was so full it did gush out, soaking my pants and panties completely, running down my inner thigh and soaking the material on my slacks, pooling inside my shoe. i carried on opening the gate and feigned embarassment as my friend reversed and apologised to me profusely for keeping me from going to the loo. i played the brave person trying to laugh off the embarassment while secrelty i was delighting. 

My bladder was So full i had closed theegate again when i let go again and small rivulets still came down my legs. there was a puddle at my feet. i stood and nejoy the sensation of the pee soaking my clothes warm and wet anbd delightful. as my bladder finally empties, i walked to the laundry, stripped off, and put the clothes into wash. then i stood outside and squeezed the last few drops out, and slid my fingers inde my soaking hot wet self and found my swollen slick wet clitty and brought myself to such an intense orgasm i could barely breathe~! then, legs weak and shaking, i took off my shoes and cleaned them in the sink before i went inside to shower. wow i loved it so friggen much!!

Kisses and wet dreamz

