Oriental hot springs part 1

22nd March 2013, 05:42 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

My first attempt to write something here. Partly true and partly fantasy.

Sometimes in the later mid 80's I was in Japan and a Japanese business associate invited me to do some wintersports near his vacation house in the northern part of the main island of Japan. It was a long drive and it was late in the season.

I was a bit reluctant at first because I'd rather go out anonymously by myself visiting the waterholes of Tokyo and getting some attention from the females there and get a boost in my ego.

He told me that I wouldn't be sorry, it supposed to be a nice place with a natural hot spring and some nice skiing and good restaurants. I felt a bit helpless because I wasn't able to speak Japanese yet, that I was going to give a try later.

Arriving at his house many hours later, the house did not seem to be insulated very well and it was cold there. «Lucky enough' the whole house seemed to be frozen, water pipes and all and could not be used so he promised to find a hotel somewhere.

A few miles down the road there was a large complex with hot springs ponds so called «onsen' in Japanese and lucky enough it had a small Japanese style hotel on the compound with just a few rooms. There was still one room available because the other rooms were rented out to some kind of group. The room was pretty much empty, the only furniture was a a low table with 2 pillows to sit on and the sleeping mattresses where in the cupboard. A shared toilet in the hallway and for wash and shower there were the communal bathing facilities by the sauna and hotsprings downstairs.

After the checking in procedure we headed to the hotsprings, the communal washroom was divided into separate facilities for men and women and so were the sauna's. Too bad, so much for luck. So after a good scrub and wash we sat in the sauna for a while and then went outside to the hotspring pools. There was a large main one and naturally divided for men and women however the division wall was made up of big stone bolders in the middle but they only reached to halfway the pool and you could «swim' around it. The pool was only about 2 to 3 feet deep. I was told that in this spring it was allowed for the women to come to the men's side if they wished but it was for the men not allowed to cross over to the women's side. They did that so women can have privacy if they wished but they could join their partner if they liked.

Sauna's and hot springs are almost all in the nude but you are carrying a small square towel a little larger than the size of a postage stamp the you can hold in front of your genitals when you are walking. Once sitting in the pond they usually place the wet towel on top of their heads. The water was hot and the snow on the banks of the pond and cold so you have to walk fast from the sauna to the pool.

My business friend, who was a lot older than me and myself were sitting and enjoying the slight sulfuric hot water and we were the only ones there. Suddenly we looked up and there 2 women floating on their belly and using their hands to on the bottom to crawl towards us coming from the other side of the natural barrier in the middle. Just to keep us company I guess and they were giggling a bit as Japanese women tend to do. Both of them came to sit with me, one on each side and started to talk but I could not understand them. I was keeping my little square towel on my genitals and the women had their little square «nothings' covering their breasts(hardly) but not their pussies but that was not so easy to see in the ( a little)murky water anyway.

So my business friend translated for me. They asked the standard questions «where are you from' etc. etc. The had never seen a western person in that hotel and city before. They had been drinking already a bit so they kept on giggling in between the lines.

Turns out that they were there with a small group of only women, about 10 of them and they were there to party. They were all farmer's wives I believe. Every year around that time they were celebrating the previous harvest success and the new season coming soon. They had been there already for 2 days and 2 days of drinking. «The wives club' so to speak. After the initial «ice was broken' they started to be a bit naughty and trying to pull my little cloth away, I was holding on to it but it did not seem to work very well. First 1 woman started pulling on my left and then she let go suddenly and then the woman on the other side started pulling and at the same time from underneath of course my tool started to push the towel upwards. The cloth from their breast had fallen of in the process but it did not bother them and let it float away. «Accidently' they brush my shaft with their hands for extra effect.

My business associate laughed a bit and said it was ok, no problem. I did not know what the customs and culture was at that time. Because they were having this party it seems that is common that these woman not only drink but also find some casual sex and everyone is ok with it. Even the husbands but of course they do not know, the husband do the same thing when they have their party.

The women had then asked me that they are having a party in their room that night and if I would like to come, they were all sleeping in one big room together and had plenty of drinks they said with a wink. But of course I was the «gentleman and declined, also because I did not feel they were serious and I felt embarrassed in front of my business associate because they did not invite him. Also I never felt comfortable about myself, always thought I was ugly and rarely had girls in my own country looking at me, which of course is self-explanatory if you are always looking at the ground. The y said that if I decided to change my mind it would be worthwhile and come to their room at 7pm.

And they left back to their own side. These women were about in their late 30's maybe early 40's but of course always look a bit younger.

My friend told me not to pass this up, this kind of chances do not come around every day. « They are just interested in you want to talk a bit, flirt a bit and maybe who knows, just go and see what happens my friend, this is your lucky day!»

You cannot imagine what it did for my ego, I started to feel a bit comfortable about myself, they were not kidding about this invitation!

(to be continued )

