My Girlfriend's Vacation

5th April 2010, 06:24 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

A while back my girlfriend went on vacation with her teenage nephews, after her sister had to cancel due to a sudden crisis at work.

Boys being boys, it seemed their favorite activity on the trip was peeing outside almost every place they went. Every beach, tourist attraction, hotel and most of they restaurants they stopped seemed to be the recipient of their piss.

At first my girlfriend was amused because she had only seen them peeing once, while they were spending a lazy afternoon on a small deserted beach. But three or four days into the trip, after hearing them boast to one another about all the places they had watered and having witnessed them peeing in the palm trees behind the pool area at the hotel where they were staying, she knew she had to put a stop to their behavior. But how, she wondered.

That evening she developed a plan. She would challenge them to a pissing contest, with a small wager. If she could piss further than they could, the boys would have to immediately cease their fun. If either one of them beat her, they could continue to enjoy their game.

At breakfast the next morning she told them of her idea. They readily agreed, as they, beings boys, were sure they were superior in this department and she didn't have a chance to win. "No way can a girl outpiss me," exclaimed the older brother. "We have weewees and they don't," added the younger one, proud of his equipment.

An hour later they were packed up and in the car heading for a dayhike into nearby woods. When she pulled into the park, "Looks good", she thought to herself, only one other car was in the parking lot. She looked around for a couple minutes to scout out the ideal trail, some place where they weren't likely to run across people for several hours, then set off with the boys. A few minutes into the hike, they passed a twenty-something couple, walking rather slowly, arm-in-arm and likely lost in their own private world. "Perfect," reasoned my girlfriend, taking them to be the inhabitants of the car back in the lot, "we'll have this palce to ourselves". A couple miles into the walk, the path grew steeper and rockier for a few hundred yards, then on the other side of the ascent, the forest became denser.

My girlfriend took this as a good sign and started taking deep swallows from the first of her two water bottles. Ten minutes later, she had finished it and begin sipping from the second one. There was also the beginning of a nice full feeling in her bladder.

A half-hour later, she noticed that her nephews were falling behind at times and she'd have to slow down to pace to wait for them to catch up. The younger one was starting to get a little excited in his talk, a good indication he'd need to pee pretty soon.

"Let's pick up the pace", my girlfriend implored them, "there's a great waterfall less than a mile ahead and I'm dying to get there". The boys groaned a little, then tried to keep up. The older one was now rubbing his back and every couple minutes semed to be adjusting his shorts.

In another half-mile they came to the intersection of another trail. To the left was a path that led to a rather steep descent, to the right was one that led towards a cliff about twenty meters high. One could now faintly hear a waterfall in the distance.

"We're close", my girlfriend shouted to her nephews as she turned to the right. And, indeed they were. The sound of running water seemed to be having its desired effect on the boys. They were running ahead the last couple hundred yards to the base of the waterfall, the kind of run one makes when they're just about to leak. As my girlfriend caught up with them, the older brother shouted out, "I have to pee."

"Me too", the other one echoed.

The moment of truth had arrived. "You can go first", she said to the younger boy. He pulled down his shorts and, standing to face the others, let out a stream that went maybe five feet. The was a look of relief on his face as he was peeing and a sense of pride when he finished. "Beat that with your girly pee", he sneered at my girlfriend.

The older brother, who had been holding himself for the last couple minutes couldn't wait to go next. He just whipped it out in one motion and peed what he was sure would beat all challengers. You could tell he was proud of his effort, as it went probably a foot or two past his brother's. "No girl can touch that", he snarled.

"Or would they want to," my girlfriend shot back.

It was finally her turn. Building up their suspense, she slowly took a couple more swallows from her water bottle, then said, "Boys, allow me to teach you a lesson".

They were expecting she was just going to squat and do a little girl tinkle. Surprise came over their faces when she leaned back against a tree and pulled her shorts to one side. She let it out only a couple feet at first. The boys looked relieved, more ways than one. Then, maintaining eye contact with them, she pushed out a stream that easily cleared ten feet.

The boys were clearly defeated. "Face it guys", my girlfriend declared, "you we're beat. And, by a GIRL!"

