Beach House 11: The Shopping Trip (2)

16th July 2012, 03:04 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

As they entered the shoe store, Kiki immediately headed to the back. Kiki's bladder was about to burst and she knew she would need as much privacy as possible. Danielle followed behind her, groaning as they hurried.

«Oh, man, I really have to pee,» Danielle muttered. Kiki did not answer her, but continued to rush to the back of the store. She was glad her mother and Lara went a different way since the four of them trying to hide together to pee would probably be a bit suspicious. «I don't even care where we go. Just as long as I can pee.»

When they reached the back of the shoe store, Kiki rolled her eyes as she saw at least ten people browsing the back shelves. She noticed the discount clearance tags jutting from almost every box. Shoppers were taking advantage of the deals… and using her planned pee spot to save a few dollars.

«Ooooh, now what?» Danielle asked. She hissed as she finally held her hand to her crotch, not caring if anyone noticed. «I'm seriously just going to pee right here if we don't figure something out. Oh!» At that yelp, Danielle clutched her crotch as she felt a spurt escape into her panties

. Her pee trickled down her leg for a few seconds until she finally got it under control. «I just peed a bit. My legs are wet.»

«Mine will be, too, soon,» Kiki said.

Along the wall were five benches used for trying on shoes. Kiki could not help but grin as she stepped up to one of them and felt the thick jet black cushion on top. The material was soft and seemed really absorbent.

«What are you thinking?» Danielle asked. She knew her friend's looks. Kiki had a plan.

«Okay, you seem worse off than me. Grab a pair of shoes off the rack.» Danielle smiled as she did as Kiki told her. «You're going to sit on that bench there and… try on some shoes.» She winked at Danielle, who giggled to show her understanding.

Danielle sat on the bench, lifting the back of her skirt as she did so. She lifted her left leg and started to unfasten her sandal. After looking around to see that most of the customers were further down the aisle, she made sure her skirt was covering her crotch. «I can't hold it anymore,» she said. «I'm going to pee here.» As she removed her left shoe, Danielle sighed and released her hold on her bladder. Immediately, her crotch became warm as her panties filled with her hot pee. Then she felt the cushion beneath her becoming warm and wet as it absorbed her pee. She bit her lip, stifling a gasp as she slipped on one of the discount sandals.

«How does it feel?» Kiki asked, winking again.

«Nice… um… but I think I… need a smaller size…» Kiki giggled and started looking at the shelves, searching for a smaller pair of sandals. Danielle cut off her flow just long enough to remove the sandal. She looked around again and saw that no one was near them. She lifted her bottom and reached discretely into her skirt to slide the crotch of her panties aside just a bit. She sat back down with her legs spread just enough to open her pee hole again and let loose. This time, she could not hold back a pleasurable gasp as her pee squirted out directly into the cushion. She felt it pool briefly between her legs before it soaked into the soft cushion, warming her bottom. «Oh, that's so warm,» she whispered. She closed her eyes, shuddered and bit her lip harder, now unable to resist as she came softly. «Mmm… oh my god.» She sighed with relief as her flow finally stopped.

After she was finished, Kiki handed her the box with the smaller pair of sandals. «Do you need to sit down here?» Danielle asked.

«I don't think I'll even make it that far. I'm gonna pee right now.» Kiki turned to the shelves as if looking for another pair. She removed her flip-flops and stood with her legs close together. She sighed and let go. Since she wasn't wearing panties

, her pee hissed softly against her inner thigh, tickling her clitoris as it sprayed out. The warm pee caressed her legs as it trickled down, creating small almost invisible puddles at her feet. Not caring anymore if anyone saw or heard, Kiki pushed and let go forcefully. Her spray squirted the front of her skirt, warming her crotch. She could hear it hissing out as it trailed down her skirt and dripped to the floor.

«There's someone coming!» Danielle said.

«Oh… I can't stop… I don't even care.» She continued to pee full force into her skirt, gasping as her flow continued down her legs and skirt. She never looked away from the shelves, feeling her body shudder. Kiki whimpered as a small and soft orgasm made her knees wobble. Her flow finally subsided to a trickle that dribbled silently to the floor.

«Oh, wow,» Danielle said. «That was close. She went down that aisle over there.» She stood up from the bench. «Let's get out of here. I don't see anything I like here.»

Still a little out of breath, Kiki could barely speak. «Me neither.»

