14-Hour State of Wetness

19th July 2014, 04:19 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

I. LOVE. THE BEACH! I just spent a week at my favorite beach ever (and no, I'm not naming it ) with my husband, and I had a blast, as usual. I've gone there every summer since I was a little girl, and I've come to know the large tourist area like a 2nd home. I look forward to it every summer; the wonderful ocean view, the awesome beach restaurants, the super-fun amusements... and of course, I wet myself implicitly during everything I do.

See, there's a lot of things to do at the beach involving water and wetness. Swimming in the ocean, swimming in your hotel's pool, doing stuff at waterparks, etc. And, being the summer, it's always hot and bright outside all day. Because of that, I take advantage of the situation and just wet myself constantly. I mean, why not? Any stains can be brushed off as regular water, and then they evaporate and fade away in almost no time at all. It's the perfect setup for someone with a wetting fetish!

Take this one day out of my week as an example. We woke up about 8:00 in the morning and had breakfast. I made the bold decision of wearing a bikini top throughout the day; bold because it felt like my boobs were blasting complete strangers in the face as we passed by. Instead of a bikini bottom or skirt, I wore a pair of man's swimming trunks with nothing underneath. ...y'know, I would like to point out right now that women shouldn't feel tied down to a certain style of swimwear. Swimming trunks are super-comfy! And they tend to look really hot on women, as well.

The first thing we did was go down to the beach for a couple hours. We alternated between playing in the ocean and sitting in the sand relaxing, and all the while, I wet myself. I peed in the water, which is always so lovely. I let my pee go while we were walking back and forth in the sand, because I was already dripping with water; who would notice? And I also wet while we sat in the sand relaxing. The beach was full of people, and not a single one noticed. It was so liberating!

It was getting to around lunch time, so we walked to the boardwalk and strolled down it, looking for a place to eat. We stopped at this sweet little place with an outdoor patio overlooking the ocean, and got a table. It had a gimmick where the chairs were essentially pool chairs; the ones with the water-proof rubber straps in place of a seat. We ordered drinks; my hubby got an amaretto shake (he admittedly favors girly drinks) and I ordered a rum mixer. I could feel the stiff rubber straps rubbing against my pussy lips through the soft swimming trunks, and as my drink went through me, I casually released my pee again. More people kept arriving right off the beach, still dripping with water. The splashes of my pee were barely noticed among the water coming off their bodies.

After lunch we walked to the amusement park on the boardwalk, and played around with all the rides. We saved the ferris wheel for last, because my husband and I have a naughty little game we like to play. While the wheel goes around, I play with his dick, getting him hard and aroused. After a couple rounds, the wheel stops and each car goes around one at a time to let all the people off. If we stop at the top of the wheel, he whips it out and I suck him hard and try to get him off before we reach the bottom. And that time, it totally worked! We got to about half-way down before he exploded and blew his load down my throat. I wet myself a little more as I blew him; not enough to create a huge mess, but enough to enjoy myself. As we got out of the car, no one with a clue, we laughed to ourselves. What a thrill!

Next, we went to the waterpark. There was one big water slide that had a huge wooden staircase you had to climb to ride down. I went on that slide multiple times; each time, I wet a little and let out some pee as I walked up the staircase. I was already dripping, who would notice? We rode all the slides and even down the lazy river. I peed so much in that lazy river! It was so relaxing after all the walking and swimming I'd had been doing.

The sunlight was starting to go away, so we decided to start heading back to the hotel. We grabbed small subs and drinks to eat on the way, and in the growing darkness, I let more pee out into my shorts as we walked. It was starting to feel really good, too. Earlier in the day, it was merely about indulging my fetish without too much trouble. At this point, the constant warmth and wetness surrounding my crotch was starting to really turn me on!

We got back to the hotel and threw away our trash. My husband asked me, "Wanna do something else, or call it a night?"

I thought about it for a second, and spotted the hotel's pool. It had a hot-tub off to the side, which was unoccupied. Perfect! "Let's give our muscles some heat-therapy first. We played hard today."

We headed towards the hot-tub, took off our sandals and just got right in. The hot water and jets felt SO good, I felt like I was just melting. I slipped my hand into my shorts and touched my pussy; it was so sensitive at this point I shivered all over as my fingers made contact.

My husband noticed. "Hey, what's up?"

"I just touched myself and WOW do I want attention. It's just catching up with me now after... wait, what time is it?"

He arched his head to look at the clock on the wall. "Around 10PM."

"Wow! I've been constantly wet for about... 14 hours."

He laughed out loud, then saddled over next to me. He put an arm around me and slipped my bikini top up, letting my breasts float free in the bubbly water. As he groped my boobs I just closed my eyes and enjoyed it. "Constantly wet, eh?"

"Oh yeah! I've been constantly wetting myself in and out of water. It's been the best day ever!"

"Glad you enjoyed yourself." He thought about it for a moment. "What about right now?"

I smiled and bore down, pushing the last of my pee out hard. "I'm in water. Peeing, naturally."

"Naturally." He kissed me lovingly and we just sat there for a bit.

"What a lovely day." I whispered. My pussy tingled as I brushed my fingers over it. I looked right into my hubby's eyes and said, "Shave your face. I've just got to have multiples tonight."

He pulled the bikini top back over my boobs and stood up, taking me by the hand and helping me out of the hot-tub. "Your wish is my command." What a sweetie! I certainly had my multiples that night.

