Neighbour Lena caught me wetting myself!

1st March 2011, 01:16 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi pee-friends

This story I'm going to tell took place about six years ago. Yes... I must have been twenty. What a sweet and innocent little girl I was back in those days! Haha! Did anyone really believe me? I was as innocent as... as... Cleopatra! Or Emmanuelle... But! I may have been an indecent and naughty little minx but that I was in a very innocent way! Believe me or not but I didn't actually thought I was a "bad" girl. It never occured to me that others might think that a girl doing some of the things that I did wasn't a particularly "nice" girl... I just did them for fun and for the thrill and above all for the feeling of arousal they afforded! My innocence consisted in that I was unaware of that some of my actions could be considered to be reprehensible; it just didn't occur to me... Maybe because it almost never happened that I was reproached or blamed for doing them. Quite the reverse, actually!

When I was younger I felt attracted to women a bit older than I, maybe thirty or more. And they seemed to like me... I think I desired to be taken care of and they sought someone to take care of...

One morning I woke up and felt that my bed was totally soaked! As a matter of fact I was still peeing. I put a hand outside my wet sleeping-panty and felt my warm pee pour out between my fingers. Oh, it felt so wonderfully arousing and I began poking around my pussy, sneaking around my stiff, engorged clit. Not yet really awake I caressed my swollen pussy very tenderly until I got this wonderful, velvety orgasm I so much love to get as a welcome to a new day!

I usually don't wet my bed. Although the feeling is so nice, I think taking care of the bedclothes and trying to get rid of the pee from the mattress so it won't smell is hard work... I indulged in fancies about having a lover, a woman, older than I, who took care of me and comforted me when I'd had a pee accident, washed my clothes and bedclothes and do funny things together with me. After a while my dreamt woman took the shape of my neighbour woman, a very good-looking woman about thirty-thirtyfive years old. I formed a plan how to approach Lena, which was her name, but it was loosely outlined involving a lot of improvisation.

To prepare myself I dressed in a pleated tartan skirt and a cream-coloured, short-sleeved blouse giving me an innocently school girl look. But underneath I dressed a little more sexy. Pink bra, pink garter belt, pink cotton panties and chestnut-coloured nylon stockings... Well... I had to change panties because when looking at myself in the mirror with my skirt pulled up to my hips, I got so aroused that I began to caress myself, which made my panties very wet and even more wetter they became when I peed myself just before I came in such a mind-blowing orgasm, that I fell like a ton of bricks on my bum! After washing my pussy I pulled on another pair of pink panties.

Later that day I was on my way home, almost at the street door to my house, when I discovered Lena at a far distance heading home. I hurried indoors and up the stairs to my apartment. I waited outside, looking through the stair window. After a couple of minutes I saw Lena and then I heard her open the street door. I sat down on a step, parted my legs and began to pee myself! When she came up the last stair she met a stream of my pee pouring down the steps! She stopped and looked at me with an amazed look. I really had to pee and I literally flooded the stair! For a moment we were both silent... well, not quite, I'd began to pant rather heavily as she witnessing me wetting myself made me utterly horny! Before she moved again, my pee reached her shoes and flowed around them... Then I said:

- "Uh... oh... I... I've forgotten my keys at a... a f... friend and... uh... I had t... to pee and I couldn't get in and... and..." I put my hands before my face and pretended to cry. I was still peeing and I was so aroused that I was getting close to orgasm! Lena started to walk again. She stopped just in front of me obvously don't minding her shoes getting wet from my pee splashing down.

- "Oh, poor, little Yvette! Don't be sad! It's just a misfortune! Come in with me, we'll wash you and you can borrow clothes from me."

We went into her apartment (after I've stopped peeing...). In the bathroom she took command and undressed me until I was totally naked! She was looking at me when I washed myself in the shower. I washed my pussy with great care and suddenly I came! I couldn't help myself from moaning loudly! Aware of that she saw me orgasming made me embarrassed but also very, very, very horny!!! With my face blushing I turned off the water.

- "I'm so sorry! It j... just..."

When I stepped out from the shower, she met me with a large bath towel, which she wrapped around me and started to rub me dry. For several minutes she gave her undivided attention to my breasts, which she rubbed very gently making me start moaning again! Then she moved her attention to my stomach, my bum and so my pussy! She was sitting on the edge of the bathtub and I was standing in front of her between her legs. She caressed me with the towel with circling movements around and on my pussy! Then she dropped the towel and continued to fondle my clit so tenderly with her fingers! It took only seconds before I came again! This time I shouted out loudly! Oh, it felt so incredibly wonderful! I almost passed out...

I put my arms around Lena and kissed her. We kissed and kissed, our tongues swirled around each other! I began to stroke her breasts. They were a lot bigger than mine but yet so firm! Oh, they were so beautiful! Her nipples became stiff under my fingers and I fondled with them and it made her come!! She moaned in my moth when we kissed! We whispered beautiful words in the other's ear...

My hand explored new parts of her body, finally touching her pussy! Oh... oh, how wet her pussy was! I'd never felt a pussy so wet before! Her pussy fluids ran over the brims and my fingers, my whole hand became so wet! I stroke around and then inside her pussy!! I touched her clit a brief moment an then circled around it, teasing her, getting her beg me to touch it again... I did... I fondled with her rather big, engorged and stiff clit and so she cried out loud!! Her orgasm was eruptive like a volcanic eruption and my breasts were hit by an explosive squirt!! I'd never experienced an orgasm squirt before! It blew my mind and I instantly orgasmed!

I stayed with her the whole night and we made love hour after hour! In the middle of the night she whispered to me:

- "I've a confession to make! When I saw you wetting yourself on the stair I got very, very horny!! I don't know if I dare say this... but I would like you to pee on me... sitting on my stomach! Am I disgusting...?"

- "No, you're wonderful! I would love to do it! And I would love you to pee on me! Shall we do it right now? Say we'll do it!! Please!!!"

- "Oh, you're such a sweet little minx! Let's lay down on the floor and do it! First you on me and then I on you!"

She laid down on her back and I sat on her stomach. I started peeing and a pool of pee formed on her belly. She caressed herself on her pussy and came hard! For which time in order was impossible to count...

Then we turned around and I laid down on my back in the puddle of my own pee. She sat down on my belly and began immediatly to pee! Her warm, nice pee spread all over my stomach! It felt so nice, so wonderful! So very intimate! I fondled eagerly with my pussy and got two instantly following orgasms!!

After we finally, exhausted, fall asleep, we slept until four o'clock in the afternoon...

Your Yvette remembering...

