Piss in the Park

23rd September 2005, 05:01 PM

Author: fetish25

Location: london (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 15

My name is Ron and am a very kinky horny 36 yr old that loves to watch and drink girls pee.

The story starts with me heading to a community park that has washrooms at the end of the park. It was one of those hot summer days where you find all sorts of girls in hardly anything at all.

My interest got the better of me when I found myself heading to the washroom and heard a girl come in the washroom and went pee, I was curious to see her pee so I put my head under the stall and watched as she peed. It was awesome a girl peeing in a guys washroom stall. I figured I had to be lucky, so as I watched she noticed me under there watching her, she was startled at first but got excited that someone was watching her pee. She wasn't finished peeing yet so I asked if she can pee on me or even better in my mouth.

She said ok and got off the toilet and squatted to my mouth, where I can see her trimmed pussy dripping with the golden piss on her lips, she started to let loose with the rest of the flow as it went all over my face and in my throat, I swallowed real fast so I can continue drinking her hot sweet piss. The next thing I knew was she planted her pussy on my mouth as the last of the piss went down to my stomach. I then stuck my tongue deep in her pussy to taste her even further than the piss, but she got off of me and got dressed and left.

Not knowing her name or anything was indeed a mystery. So I quickly washed and went out into the park to look if I can find her but she was no where to be seen.

It was now late in the afternoon and the sun started to set and I had to go again this time instead of going to the guys toilet I went into the girls. Someone was in there so I went into the stall next to her and peered under and found out that she was naked playing with her pussy and pinching her nipples. she was completely bald and had b cup tits, she was so hot I didn't want to disturb her so I glanced over to see her clothes were in a pile by my head with her panties on top of the pile. I just had to take them, as I did her moaning grew stronger thinking that she might have seen me grab them, but that wasn't the case.

So here I was with her wet panties in my hand and about to smell them I got a great idea, I stopped and got undressed myself not to make it known what I was doing I started to put the panties to my mouth and taste her panties , it was great a combination of piss and pussyjuice I had to suck them and I did, MMMMMM and this got me so hard and ready to cum I had to stroke her panties on my cock and hearing her moan on the other side of the stall was too much I let loose with a stream of cum that shot past the panties and hit the wall of the stall that was towards her and it puddled up at the floor. The next shot went directly in the crotch of her panties creating a nice pool of my cum. I then placed the panties on her pile of clothes. And went back to watching her play, I started to hear her pee so I moved my head so I can see it come out, in the process I moved a little far and into her stall.

She stopped peeing and jumped, I asked her if she can pee on me or even in my mouth, and without any hesitation she let loose and peed on my chest and face and placed her bald pussy on my mouth. I was in heaven getting pissed on by not only one but 2 girls today. After I drank down her hot sweet piss, I sucked on her clit and was welcomed with a warm creamy flow of pussy cream I drank it down like my life depended on it. What came next was a total shock to me, she gave me a long hard kiss and sucked her cum out of my mouth and then got up and said thanks. And started to get dressed, I watched as she put her panties on and feeling the wet cum against her pussy I almost came. She finished getting dressed and handed me a note as she left.

Then she too was gone. quickly back to my stall I quickly got dressed and went to find her and again nowhere to be seen. I reached in my pocket and pulled out the note she gave me it read : "I'm here every afternoon at this time" Cindy.

With that I noted the time it is now 8pm so I figured we were in there at about 7ish.

Well at least this time I got a name.

Next time I will be ready for more that I want to do to her. With tomorrow being a Saturday its going to be tricky cuz the park is loaded at that time. But I'll give it a shot.

After all she is hot and I'm willing to do anything with her.

