The gay bar and Helena!

12th April 2008, 05:29 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

As some of you know, I've been off for a while now. For the time being I don't want to talk about that time... But I feel like beginning to write and contribute here again and I'll begin with something that happened quite some time ago.

At this time I lived in Stockholm, the capitol of Sweden, in a little apartment, one room and a kitchen. It was the first time I lived by myself and I enjoyed my freedom immensely! I'd inherited some money when an aunt of mine died and, boy, I spent it! And a lot I spent on underwear... I bought the most feminine underwear I could find. Sheer panties of silk and nylon, preferably light red as all the rest of my undies, bras and garter belts... And nylon stockings... 

I love nylon stockings, they make me feel so feminine and... well.. kind of naughty! I like light red, blue and black stockings, but most of all chestnut brown... So... my undies are quite sexy but otherwise I like to wear girlish looking clothes. Pretty short, plaited skirts, blouses or jumpers and low-heeled shoes... In my room I've a big mirror and I love to look at myself when I dress! When I stand before the mirror in my undies, almost see-through panties, nylon stockings held up by garters running up my thighs and under my panties and the cutest little bra, I feel a tingle in my lower abdomen and can hardly restrain myself from stroking my cunt outside my panties

... And when I'm fully dressed I often lift up my skirt and enjoy the sexy view... dreaming about showing myself to a cute girl...

This evening I'll tell you about I'd decided to go to a gay club I'd visited a couple of times before. It was a quite intimate place with a bar and a dance floor. The previous times I was very shy and was just observing... But this time I really wanted to meet someone... To tell the truth... from the first moment I entered the club I really felt horny... At first I sat at the bar and ordered a pint of beer and a vodka. I looked around and caught sight of a girl, that I've seen the last time I was there. She was very cute, maybe a couple of years older than I... She sat in a small sofa at a table in a rather dark corner of the place. She was alone... 

When I'd finished my beer and vodka I ordered the same again, gathered all the courage I could and went up to her table. I asked if I could sit down and she said yes. So I sat down beside her in the sofa and introduced myself. She told me her name was Helena. Slowly we began to talk... But it didn't take long before we found mutual interests and our conversation began to become quite spirited! Our not so few drinks certainly helped... I couldn't help noticing that Helena's skirt had been riding up pretty high on her thighs, revealing a glimpse of white skin above her nylon stockings... To tell the truth... some skin was visible above my stockings too... I was getting more and more aroused! After a while Helena asked if I wanted to dance with her. Of course I wanted to!

We went up to the dance floor. A slow tune was played and we started to dance closely together... Helena was a bit taller than I and I felt her thigh press against mine.. I opened them and felt her thigh getting close to my crotch! Without thinking of what I was doing I started to rub against her thigh! Pretty soon I was all worked up.. With both my hands I grabbed her ass and pressed her against me while I rubbed my cunt hard against her! My skirt rode high up on my thighs but I couldn't care less! I panted and gasped and I felt that I was soon to come! And suddenly I orgasmed! Right there on the dance floor! I moaned pretty loudly and Helena caressed my butt!

When we got back to our sofa I whispered, very embarrassed, that I was sorry but I couldn't help myself... Helena giggled! It's ok! But next time it's my turn, she said! At this point I was very much in need to pee... So I said to Helena that I had to pee before we danced the next time. But she answered that she had to pee too but it could wait until we'd danced...

So we went up to the dance floor again. This time Helena opened her thighs for my leg and began immediately rubbing her crotch against it! This time both our skirts rode all the way up to our hips and I felt her very hot and humid cunt against my naked thigh! But I felt something else too... I really had to pee! I told Helena that I was soon to pee my panties! Doesn't matter, she moaned! We can't stop now! I'm soon coming! Helena! I'm going to pee myself now! I shouted in her ear! And I'm coming now!!! She moaned loudly!! And so she did!! And so I did!! That is, I peed my panties! I peed all over her leg! And suddenly I felt something very warm flooding on my legs! In her orgasm Helena had lost her control completely and was also peeing her panties...

Here I close my story although the night wasn't finished for Helena and me... you have to use your imagination about what happened the rest of the night...

Yvette

