Ever been to a piss orgy?

10th March 2022, 07:17 PM

Author: thanks

Location: Canada (Sex: Male) Posts: 210

We were excited, we were getting ready to go to our first piss orgy. My wife, Emma, had gotten waxed earlier in anticipation. Earlier in the day I spent a considerable amount of time worshiping at her beautiful pussy. She tasted heavenly. I was freshly trimmed but not shaved as that is what Emma prefers. We were both full of nervous excitement. We were headed to the hotel shortly so we had been water loading in preparation.

When we first decided that we wanted to have a piss orgy we were a bit nervous how to organize it. We put an ad online seeking a couple that would be open to piss play. We had a few responses, more than we thought we would, and settled on Tom and Sandy. They seemed like they would be highly compatible with what we wanted to do. We had set our hard boundaries which really was just no scat, just not our cup of piss.

We got to the hotel and got up to the room, it was your basic nondescript hotel room. We stashed our go bag with back up clothing. We quickly got the king size bed ready by spreading out our water proof sheets. I was feeling the pressure build up in my bladder and my dick was responding by pressing against my underwear. We had just finished putting on the bedding when there was a knock at the door. Tom and Sandy were 5 minutes early, a good sign.

They carried with them a cooler full of water and sports drinks and a bag with a change of clothes. I could tell this was not their first time experimenting with pee play. I welcomed them in and introduced them to Emma. Emma gave Sandy a quick kiss on the cheek and gave her a hug. Sandy said not too tight or I will pee my pants before the funs starts. This gave us all a bit of chuckle and did wonders to lighten the mood. I said that I really had to pee as well and ask who wanted to get peed on first. I barely had the words out and Sandy had her top pulled off. Emma feeling emboldened quickly removed her shirt and pants and stood there in her black bra and panties. Sandy removed her pants reveal red panties that matched her bra. Both ladies climbed onto the bed and signed that they were ready to be showered.

Tom and I removed our clothes and were both hard as nails. We were at the foot of the bed as the ladies were laying with their heads at the foot of the bed. I really had to go so I started peeing immediately. My pee arched high up and landed on Emma’s belly. At almost the same time Tom started peeing and his stream wasn’t as forceful and landed on Sandy’s tits. I moved my stream over to Sandy as Tom aimed towards Emma. She opened her mouth and Tom was skillfully filling her up. Sandy moved over and started kissing Emma as her mouth was full of Tom’s piss. We stopped peeing to let the girls play a little bit. They were quickly exploring each others bodies.

The girls worked at getting each other naked. Once they were naked Sandy said she wanted to take turns pissing in everyones mouths. As she got off the bed Tom and I got on. The three of us all had our heads hanging over the foot of the bed. Sandy walked up to Emma first and put her beautifully trimmed pussy over Emma’s mouth and let a bit of piss go. She stopped peeing and Emma lifted her head up and gave Sandy a quick lick that sent a shudder down her back. Sandy walked over to Tom next and sent a quick jet of piss into his mouth. She then moved over to me. She moved her pussy over my mouth and let go her torrent.

She quickly overflowed my mouth and saw that she would have to stop to let me swallow. I swallowed quickly and stuck my tongue out. She lowered her pussy down so that I could lick her clit. This caused her to tip forward onto me. She quickly took my cock into her mouth. I still had to pee a lot so I release some pee into her mouth as if on queue she started pissing in my mouth. I could hear Emma and Tom move around so that the could watch. I tapped on Sandy’s thigh to let her know that I had a mouth full and heard a muffled sound and she continued to pee. I knew then that she wasn’t going to stop so I did my best to swallow and capture as much of her clear piss as possible. I was nearing the end of my piss as she stopped peeing.

Coming up for air I looked over and saw Emma and Tom smiling as they watched our piss 69. Sandy crawled off of me and said that she was still thirsty. Tom started to move and Sandy said not yet hunny I want to taste her. Emma smiled and asked how she wanted to be pissed on. Sandy said I want lay on the bed and you can hover over me so that I can see your face. Sandy laid down on the bed and Emma crawled on top of her so that her pussy was over her mouth and her legs spread so that her pussy was very close to Sandy’s mouth. Sandy stuck her tongue out and as soon as she did Emma started to pee.

It was a lot of fun watching Emma piss into another woman’s mouth. Emma pissed a bit but having been at the receiving end of her piss before I knew that when Emma stopped that she would still have more piss left in her. She said to Tom that she wanted him to stand on the bed so that he could piss into her mouth while she pissed into his wife’s mouth. Sandy smiled and said to me then you might want to get back down to my pussy. I didn’t hesitate and quickly got my mouth over her pussy.

Tom started peeing my Emma’s mouth which caused Emma to pee into Sandy’s mouth and Sandy started pissing into my mouth. This was amazing. I had never been part of a piss chain before. I couldn’t help but reach down and start stroking my cock. Since Sandy had peed before I was able to keep up this time. She finished peeing and shortly after Emma’s stream stopped flowing. Tom was still peeing into my wife’s mouth and she was swallowing each mouthful with ease. When he stopped peeing she started sucking on his cock as Sandy was licking her pussy while I was cleaning up Sandy’s pussy. Suddenly Sandy pushed my head back a bit so I eased off. I looked up and Emma had also stopped sucking Tom’s cock.

We all separated and said that was an amazing way to start the evening. Tom opened his cooler and got us all a bottle of water. It is a bit unnerving standing in front of someone you don’t know as your erection starts to wain. We moved over to the love seats at the other end of the room with our glass Evian water bottles and started rehydrating and visiting. My wife complimented me on finding such an amazing couple. I in turn thanked Tom and Sandy for coming. Sandy winked and said not yet.

The way that the room was set up had two couches facing each other with a coffee table in the middle. Emma must have been feeling bold because she put her feet on the coffee table and spread her legs letting Tom and Sandy had a fully view of her amazing pussy. Sandy clearly enjoyed it because she did the same thing. My wife with a water battle in one hand put her other hand on her pussy and started playing with her pussy. Sandy finished her bottle and stuck the top of her bottle into her pussy and started moving it in and out. It wasn’t long and my cock was glistening with pre-cum. My wife looked down at my cock and told me to stick it in her mouth.

She said she wanted to taste my pre-cum. I got up and my wife started sucking on my cock while Tom started licking Sandy’s nipples. I had to push my wife off my cock so that I didn’t cum right away. I sat back down and enjoyed the show that the two girls were putting on. Sandy pulled to bottle out of her pussy it was white with her cream. My wife said may I? Sandy said of course. Emma went over and licked the bottle like it was a cock, cleaning off Sandy’s cream. Once the bottle was clean Emma came back and sat beside me and said she tastes amazing. I said I know. I got to taste her first.

We all grabbed more waters and went back to hydrating. The faint smell of piss was hanging in the air and it was highly intoxicating. I was looking forward to what we would do next. I looked over to my wife’s belly and could see that her bladder was starting to fill up. I didn’t know Sandy but I thought I could detect a bit of bladder bulge from her as well. Emma said she was getting ready to play again and Sandy nodded and said she was too.

Emma said that she wanted us to take tuns pissing on her clit. Sandy lit up with that and said me too I want that too. Emma said I said it first so you piss on my clit first and then we can take turns and have the guys sub in as well. Emma climbed up on the the bed and spread her legs wide and pulled her labia apart showing us all her clit. Sandy got on the bed and placed her left leg between Emma’s legs and her right leg was beside Emma’s hip. She lowered her pussy down so that it was directly over Emma’s pussy, ready? Emma breathlessly said yes. Sandy sent out a very loud hissing stream that hit Emma’s clit right on. She pissed for a few seconds, stopped and said my turn. Emma smiled and said okay. She and Sandy traded spots and soon Emma was pissing on Sandy’s clit. Oh! That feels amazing exclaimed Sandy. Sandy laid down not the bed with her head was even with Emma’s and they had an upside down kiss.

I stood there for a moment trying to decide which end of the bed to go to. Sandy’s pussy was facing the right side of the bed and Emma’s was facing the left. Tom decided for the both of us when he went over the the left side of the bed. I moved over to the right side of the band asked if I could eat her out a bit before pissing on her. She said only if I get to piss in your mouth. I dove right down as I noticed that Tom was already licking Emma’s pussy. I had only licked her pussy a few times before my mouth filled with piss. This time when I tapped her thigh she stopped peeing and let me swallow.

I finished drinking her up and moved up to piss on her clit but she guided me into her. Even with as much as she had been peeing she was still very wet. I slowly slid into her and with the second or third pump started filling her pussy with my warm piss. It didn’t take long before I felt it run out of her so I pulled out and aimed for her clit. She came instantly! Her orgasm was powerful and was done faster than I would have thought possible. Meanwhile Tom had seen what I was doing to his wife and gave my wife the same treatment. She fucked her slowly and I could hear that tell tale wet sound that told me that he was pissing inside her too. He pulled out and his stream landed on Emma’s belly before he directed it to her clit. It didn’t take Emma long to cum. The girl were positively glowing.

The girls rolled sat up and embraced and gave each other a tender kiss. Sandy said I guess the guys deserve and orgasm as well eh? Emma agreed. They got on their knees and had us come over and started sucking our dicks. Emma started off sucking on Tom’s cock and Sandy was sucking on mine. After a few minutes Sandy said lets trade. So I went over to my wife, she really knows how to suck my dick and I could tell that I was getting close. I gave her the warning and she eased off and Sandy gave a bit of a chuckle. Sandy said it seems that your wife really knows what to do to drive you crazy.

I said she really does. Sandy said let swap again. As I was walking over Sandy asked if we had any more piss to share. Tom and I looked at each other and nodded. I stuck my hard cock in Sandy’s mouth and Emma had Tom’s cock in her mouth. The way they hold your cock in their mouth is different when it is a blowjob vs being ready for piss. They were both ready. I started peeing in Sandy’s mouth she was looking up at me in awe. She didn’t think I had that much piss left in me. I looked over and could see that Emma was swallowing as well. I finished up pissing and Sandy switched to sucking again. I said your okay if I cum in your mouth and a mumbled yes escaped her lips. I could see that Emma was sucking Tom’s cock as well. I knew that I wouldn’t last long now and started bucking against her mouth and came so hard my knees got weak. I looked over and could see Emma’s eyes get wide as I saw Tom’s cock throbbing in my wife’s mouth. He seemed more able to maintain his composure.

