The Beach House (Part One)

29th June 2008, 06:44 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Just got back from the beach a few days ago. Came up with the idea for this story. It's a long one:

Lara grinned as she stepped onto the hot sand. The beach was crowded today, but she was able to spot a nice clearing fit enough for spreading a lounge chair and enjoying the sunlight.

But she wasn't really here for the sun, or the ocean. She was here because the beach was the one place she hadn't wet herself since she arrived. The first three hours after her arrival were spent christening her friend Kiki's beach house she had rented for the week. Kiki had explained, with a little bit of reluctance, that she and her mother were very "free" about where they used the restroom. Since it was their beach house and they could afford to replace anything that was ruined, they went whenever they felt the need. All Kiki asked was that Lara clean after herself and wash all soiled linens.

The idea intrigued Lara more than she expected and once she turned the key and opened the front door of the beach house, the butterflies in her stomach began to flutter. She had felt the need to pee for about an hour and knew she would not be able to hold on much longer. As she closed the door behind her, she spotted the bathroom across the room and to the left. As if the sight flipped some sort of switch in her body, she felt a wave of pressure in her bladder and she had to grab herself to keep from exploding right there in the doorway.

The room she was standing in had a long leather couch, two soft-cushioned chairs, a big television, and a long coffee table with a vase of bright flowers and a fancy looking jar of seashells and sand. Lara only had a few seconds to admire these things, though, as her bladder pulsed with another wave of pressure. She gasped as a small trickle dampened her panties

.

"Oh, shit," she mumbled. She caught sight of the bathroom again and her body seemed to be begging her to run there, relieve the pressure. Oddly, she did not move. Kiki's words kept repeating in her mind: "You can pee wherever you want. Just go." Another wave of pressure caused a bigger trickle escape. Now she could feel the wetness on her fingers as they touched the crotch of her shorts. "Oh, my God, I've got to pee so bad."

"Just go" she heard again. "Mmm. I can't hold it. Oh."

Deciding to take Kiki's advice, she scanned the room to find the best place to relieve her bladder. Since she was not used to peeing anywhere other than the bathroom (and occasionally the pool), she thought it might be easier if she sat down somewhere and maybe pretended she were on the toilet.

Unable to resist, Lara darted to the nearest chair, yanking her jean shorts and panties down as she did so. She immediately fell in love with the feeling of the soft cushions against her naked bottom and vagina. The pressure was agonizing now as she spread her legs and released the hold on her bladder.

Nothing. The pressure continued and Lara felt as if she should be exploding right now, spraying her pee everywhere. Still nothing. The soreness in her abdomen was really uncomfortable as she sat there, waiting for something to happen. She knew, of course, that if she were on a toilet, she would be peeing right now, feeling the pressure subside. Instead, she was sitting naked on a lounge chair in her best friend's beach house, waiting in pain to soak the cushion under her.

Lara closed her eyes. "Just pee." Kiki's voice was clear in her mind, a delightful and delicious invitation. Lara imagined that she were sitting on a nice warm toilet seat, her legs spread, ready to spray the porcelain inside with her warm pee.

Something was happening. Finally. It began as a warm trickle that could barely be felt falling to her vagina. Then, the floodgates opened and she sighed as the cushion beneath her became warm and wet. "Oh God. Oh, I can't stop it. Mmm." Her pee came out hard and fast and she could feel it splashing against the cushion and all over her legs. As she opened her eyes, she pushed harder and grinned as the stream of pee gained strength and sprayed uncontrollably to the hardwood floor. Some of it splashed against her feet but she didn't care. This went on for almost a minute and when she finally finished, she was panting as she stared proudly at the puddle she had made on the floor.

