Our little bedroom game of roleplay

22nd June 2011, 02:52 PM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

Somewhat often, My man and I roleplay out a random, hot, sexy and always wet scenario. It begins near the beginning of our love making session and runs throughout until we both enjoy the most explosive orgasm.

I'm going to share our last session. We share an evening of watching some porn, reading stories, enjoying drinks, and holding our bladders. All along, teasing one another until Our bodies are both highly aroused. Both of us feeling the pressure of our full bladders building and greatly intensifying our sexual needs. We both almost to burst, and unable to restrain from rubbing ourselves. We enjoy watching each other masturbate for just a moment, before neither of us can wait any longer.

As we move ourselves together on the mattress, He whispers to me, wow baby, that was hot. I smile, then he says... Tell me what you were thinking about.I giggled softly, and said... Are you sure you want to know? He quickly shook his head yes. Softly I began to speak. I said..."I was thinking about what happened at work this afternoon. Wow, must have been interesting, to turn you on like that" he said. I said.. Oh it was. I work in a massage parlor with all women. So we often share our intimate lives. So today we somehow got on the subject of female ejaculation, and squirting. Dicussing info, details, and even our own personal abilities.

The conversation quickly turns, as we find out that only two of us can squirt. The two non squirters, now very inquisitive, and wanting to learn more. As we explain the feeling, and how explosive the orgasm is, they are begging for us to teach them how to do it. Within a few minutes of them almost begging. We agreed to teach them. Anxious to learn, and willing to do whatever it takes, we now explain how they need to get their bladders very full. With surprised looks upon their faces, they said ok and started to drink lots of water. Within thirty minutes, they were both beginning to rock and bounce.

It's about time, but I am enjoying their desparateness, so I purposely hold off a bit longer. Just as The nervous, urgent expression fills their faces, I reach for their hands, murmur the words "it's time". grasping both their hands, I lead them down the hall to the large massage room. Missy (the other experienced lady) directs them to the two open tables. Both, now struggling to hold on, slowly climb upon the beds. They are sitting on the edge, as if they were at a doctors appointment. I stand there for a minute or so, just to enjoy watching their desparation. As Missy and I watch them bouncing, bending and trembling, we decide it's time for their lesson.

We decide Missy is going to teach Kathy first, and I am going with Carla. As I approach Carla, I notice her trembling, and fidgeting becoming more rapid. Making me extremely Curious, wether its excitement or nervousness. Either way, watching how aroused she was becoming, and knowing the feelings she was experiencing, how me teasing her pussy was about to intensify them immensly. Just knowing how I was about to make her body feel, highly turned me on. As my fingers glide up the soft skin of her inner thighs, I felt a little, warm spurt slip from my pulsating pussy. As My body is quivering with excitement, I slowly reach toward her, until reaching her inner thighs. Her body erotically shaking uncontrollably, I feel her begin to tense up, as she struggles to hold on.

As her squirming becomes very noticibly intense, suddenly I hear her murmur out the words..."oh oh I don't think I am going to able to hold on much longer" Just then, She tries to squeeze her legs together, I quickly deny her the oppurtunity by spreading them even wider. She gasps and reaches for her pussy, quickly, I grab her hand and pull it away. She gasps once more, I smile up at her a second, before dropping my face in her very damp pussy. within seconds, she was tightly gripping my arms, pulling my mouth closer, she was definetly begging for more. knowing exactly how she feels, and knowing she's about to experience her most intense squirting orgasm ever. I firmlly grasped her thighs, pulled her as close as possible, then I burried my face deep in her soft, wet pussy. I rapidly rolled my tounge all around her lips several times until stopping at her clit.

Once there, sucking and rolling briskly all around. Within minutes, I felt her back arch, whole body tremble briefly, and suddenly, one small, very tense arch before her body went limp, as her hot juices spurt, covering me in warmth. As her juices continued to flow, I raised up to catch her facial expression. She lie there limp, short of breath, but still feeling some sweet little tingly after jolts. Once she caught her breath, she spoke the words..."oh my god.. that was so erotic, and amazing....(pausing for a moment) then goes on to say... "It felt so good, That was the most explosive, pleasureable orgasm my pussy has ever felt... and I'm still shaking. We all sat around chatting a little about the experience and before we knew it, it was time to clean shop and go home. My job was counting money, paperwork, and ahhh... storing the days surveillance video. Oh my gosh, I thought to myself. I knew how hot the experience was, so I decided to bring the video home.

