A very wet conference call

16th April 2015, 09:05 PM

Author: Kerry1985

Location: Northeast U.S. (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 95

We've all done it. We've all been on a conference call for work, and had to piss. Even people without a pee fetish don't hesitate to just take a restroom break while they're on a call. That's what the mute button is for, right? But we're a little kinkier...so what about us? What are some things we have done while on a conference call???

I just finished a conference call, which I had gotten on immediately after enjoying a couple of amazing stories posted by wsvoyeur. Seriously. Wow! So I quickly wrote this up as a way to say thank you.

I work from home, and I'm fortunate to have a nicely secluded house, tucked away on 5 acres in the woods, with a very private fenced-in pool area. And once the weather warms up, my girl (Renee: profile

) and I practically live out there. And tan lines are not part of the plan. Morning, afternoon, and night, we're often nude out there. And, of course, I don't let a simple conference call get in the way of that! So I was in a perfect place to read those stories...the first one made me wet, while the second one totally pushed me over the edge.

So as I was coming off that orgasm, I had to dial into the call - still buck ass naked (wearing only my sunglasses), and sitting on a deck chair with a towel underneath me. What timing. With absolutely zero prep time before the call, I hadn't really had time to take care of the basics. So now I really had to pee. But I wanted to try to hold it until it was my turn to talk. On and on they went, while my bladder filled and filled. It probably didn't help that I had been enjoying some rum punch drinks out in the sun. And my afternoon coffee. Finally it was my turn...

As I un-muted the phone and started to talk, I took advantage of the initial small talk to finally release my bladder. Sitting up now on the towel, I could feel it gradually soaking underneath me - as the piss began to pool up beneath my ass and in front of my smooth labia. I pissed for a good 20 or 30 seconds, talking about how I was enjoying the fact that winter had given up its grip on us and spring had arrived in all its glory...as I was spraying my own glory all over the towel. I had completely wet everything under and around me. Once the towel was soaked, a river of piss began to form between my thighs and started to run down between my legs and down onto the deck beneath me. At first, it was just a drip...and then a constant stream. A little louder than I thought it would be...

"Hey, Kerry....Kerry...are you outside? Because I'm getting a lot of background noise, like wind or something."

"Oh, sorry...I am, so I'll wrap it up." I was finished peeing, but the liquid was now spilling everywhere. As I finished my part, I relished the fact that for the remainder of the call I would be sitting in a pool of my own making. Even in the sun, the wet towel started to get a bit cold...but it was fun to watch my legs slowly drying - the fresh piss glistening in the heat of the afternoon sun.

Now THAT is a good way to make it through a boring conference call!!!

Kisses,

Kerry

P.S. - Eager for more? Here's some links to the stories that my girl, Renee, and I have posted. I'd be curious to know... Which is your favorite???

How I got into pee play: a true bedwetting story

True but funny desperate pee story - in a full car!

True story: I bet I make you pee 1st...in a movie theater!!!

True Story: 2 girls, some pee, and a delivery guy - the view on our side of the fence

A "Wet" Massage - Exhibitionist Peeing, Masturbation, and other fun

Hot Tub Follies

My Departing Gift: Soaked Towels, Wet Walls, and Some Poolside Fun

Another VERY "Wet" Massage

Public Pissing Orgasm, Part 1 - The Nightclub

Public Pissing Orgasm, Part 2 - The Beach

True m/f, desperation, wetting, pee play: Public Pissing Orgasm at the Airport

It's MY turn for a wet massage! (True story re: desperation, exhibitionist wetting

)

"Is she peeing?!?!" True desperation, wetting, pissing orgasm, getting caught, beach

