Wild Girls Beer Pong Party

20th July 2009, 01:10 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Quite the weekend this past weekend around here. Lots of partying went on. Some were for graduations,birthdays, and just plain fun parties. My wife and I went to a graduation party on Saturday and a birthday party on Sunday. The beer pong party was next door on Saturday. It involved four girls with also for a time four guys.

The group next door all are coworkers working at the same hospitol. They started thier party some time Saturday afternoon while my wife and I were at the graduation party. My wife and I got home around 5:00pm from the graduation party and I and her could hear the girls and the guys partying outside when we came in our yard.

They were playing beer pong and from all the laughing,loud talking, and splashing in the swimmingpool in the yard they sure were having a good time for themselves. Most of all the commotion was from the girls not the four guys that were there. The reason for the guys being subdued was that they had to leave for work at 6;00 pm.

The time came and the guys left the party just leaving the four girls. That's when the party really got going. The girls continuied playing beer pong and swam in the pool.Now that the guys had left anothe female had joined the group of girls. It was the mother of one of the girls. The mom lived downstairs while the daughter had the upstairs apartment. The mom wasn't drinking beer but she was drinking wine.

My wife went inside about 6:30 and I had already changed and I wanted to do some more painting of our small barn so I got up on the small tool room between the barn and house and started painting. That put me up high enough to see into part of the nextdoor backyard. I could see the pool and there were two of the girls in the pool while the other two young girls were not. They were in the yard with thier friends mom.

Now since I could see over and watch what was going on from time to time the daughter was in the pool. She is a blode that wears her blonde hair short. She was in a yellow bikini. The girl in the pool with her was a brunette which she also had short hair. She was very good looking. She was well stacked with real full breasts and a very thin waist which her ass was real nice looking equall to her breasts! Best part she was in a black colored bikini which the bottom was a thong style bottom. When she faced her ass towards my direction The strap went was buried so deep into her asscheeks it looked like she didn't have a bottom on!

I never did see the other two girls. They stayed out of the pool and were in the part of the yard that I could not see becuase of the fence. I would have bet they were wearing swimwear at the time. I went on painting which was going real slow becuase of the "distractions" next door. It was now 7:30 ish and the mom had gone inside leaving the four young girls in the yard now.

As I was painting I heard the daughter say she was going inside to take a piss and she got out of the pool went up the backstairs and went into her apartment. She came out a couple of minutes later laughing real hard. I saw her lean over the side railing of the porch and yelled down to the girls below; Hey the toilets broke! If you have to piss go in the yard or the pool! That brought real hard loud laughing from the other girls. They all teased the daughter about breaking the toilet which she laughed hard back as she went down the stairs and joined the partying girls again.

About 15 minutes later the reason came about why I'm telling you about this party. The brunette in the black bikini told everyone that she had to piss. Laughing the rest of the girls including the daughter told her to piss in the pool. The brunette laughed real hard and she told the others she would! I heard all this being said and I stopped painting and looked over. The brunette I thought would have stayed in the pool to take her piss but she waded right over to the ladder and got out of the pool.

Was she going to sit or stand on the ladder and piss into the pool? I asked myself. No instead she walked around the pool briefly going out of my sight. I could hear her though for she was laughing all the time when she got out from the pool and while she was in the yard. Next thing she ran up the back stairs right up on to the back porch and went over to the side of the porch where the daughter had leaned over and told the girls about the toilet being broken.

She had leaned over so far that her ample breasts were almost haning right out from her black top of her bikini! One of the girls down in te yard laughing told the brunette that her tits were almost out of her top. The brunette then laughing real hard slipped her top right down giving the rest of the girls a good look at her tits. She even cupped them in her hands and shook them hard with her hands!

Then one off the girls which was not the daughter asked the brunette; Are you going to piss from up there? The brunette said loudly and laughing said YES! That brought howels of loud laughter from the girls down in the yard. Then I heard the daughter say to the brunette; Go ahead do it I dare you! Come on do it! The other girls joined in chanting saying Do it! Do it! Do it! The brunette didn't need any more encourage ment from the gilrs now down t=in the yard.

Now as I watched the brunette had slipped her black bikinis thong botom down to her knees. She stood right at the porches railing and even though she was standing sideways which I could only see the side of her entire body which even from the side t was a great look! :-) I saw her hands go down to her crotch area. She was going to piss standing there on the porch. Loud laughetr came from all the girls down in the yard.

Right at that momnet the brunette started pissing! She sent out a short upward arcing piss stream and which it went down ward right into the swimmpool! I could see her entire stream including seeing it hiting the water in the pool with a pretty loud splash! The brunette laughed hard as she stood there on the porch pissing down into the pool. The girls down in the yard now started cheering her on. Katie! Katie! Katie! they all cheered.

With all the girls cheering her on Katie now began to swival her hips back and forth! That made her piss stream move back and forth in the air and made her piss splashing in the pool move back and forth in the water! That made all the girls stop thier cheering and they all burts into laughter. With Katie swivling her hips from side to side I got a glimpse of her tits and vagina each time she swung her hips my way!

Like I said her tits were big very full and round looking. Boy did she have a set of nipples on them too! They were very large and big around in size. They also were quite hard also! They were a dark rose red in color. Now her vagina was clean shaven. Since she had her hands down on the sides of it she had it pulled open with her fingers.

Her entire vagina was almost the same dark rose red color as her nipples were. Her clit was a very short but very wide one and it was puffed right up! She had thin side lips at least what I could see of them for her fingers were covering part of them. Since she had her vagina pulled open her slit was pulled open and it was open very wide too! Also with her having her vagina stretched wide open she also seemed to have her peehold stretched open ffor even though I couldn't see her peehole her piss stream comming out of it her streams head was real wide and like I said it was making a slight looping arc and in its arc her stream had a twist in it.

Kattie took a very long piss into the pool. She must have drank a lot of beer playing beer pong for her to piss so long and also being drunk too. She kept on swivling the entre length of tme that she pissed off from the back porch. The girls down in the yard would either laugh oor keep cheering her on until she did stop pissing. When she did stop her piss she also wound up pissing on the porch railing and the floor of the porch too!

Then instead of reaching down to pull her bikini bottom up Katie turned around shoved her hips back mooning the girls down in the yard! When she spun around to do this she spun around giving me a quip glimpse of her great looking ass! Then she did reach down after that and pulled her black bikini botom back up into place. As she started comming back down the stairs she still had yet to put the black top in place so her very pretty ample breasts wiggled as she came down the stairs.

Reaching where there is a small platform at the end of the long sections of stairs she slipped her top back up and then went down the remaining stairs into the yard. I heard her say once she was back in the yard now ith the others ask them all; Anyone else going to do it? There was a lot of laughter and one of the other girls said laughing she might give it a try later. From one of the other girls she said loudly; No! I'll just piss here n the yard.

The girls went back to thier partying doing more beer pong and swimming in the pool. Abot 15minutes ;ater the girl that said she would piss in the yard told the other girls she had to piss. I only heard her say it for she was near the fence and I couldn't see her. Now there is a high wooden fence that seperates or yard from the yard next door. There is a slight gap in te bottom of the fence and ground. Maybe I might see her piss stream through that gap as long as she would piss there by the fence. I waited watching looking over at the gap in the fence.

One thing about the yard next door. It is no grass at all. The whole yard had been blacktopped. So whenever it rains water from the rain will come under the fences botom and we have a blacktop sidewalk that runs on our side of the fence and rain water wll flow on to our black top sidewalk. Now that girl that was going to piss could only piss by the fence in two spots. One was in a small section between the shed and the stairs where there was a landing platform between the upper long section of stairs and the shorter section of stairs that came out in the yard by the gate that faced the street.

I knew even being drunk the girl that was now going to piss would not piss by the fence by the gate. She would piss in the section between the pklatform and the shed. So I looked there and waited. The other girls had for the moment had quietd down for they were all in the pool together. The girl that was going to piss said something to the girls in the pool and the sound of her voice came from the section of fence between the shed and stairs platform.

So I was right where she was going to piss! Several seconds later I saw her two bare feet through the gap in the fence. Then I saw just the very short section of her piss stream in the gap under the fence and ground. She was now pissing! She was pissing very hard for I could see her piss splashing off from the black top in the gap under the fence and her piss was now flowing on the blacktop comming back under the fence flowing on to my blactop sidewalk along my side of the wooden fence! Plus she was pissing with a very loud hiss that I could plainly hear!

In several seconds she had enough of her piss had come under the fence she had wetted a big area of my blacktopped sidewalk. There wwere also patches of very yellow piss foam on my sidewalk too slowly creeping along my sidewalk. She took a long piss. For by the time she was done her piss had flowed don my sidewalk a good three feet and had gone off the edge of the sidewalk where it turned and her piss had flowed into the grass.

The girl did do a few hard spurts of piss to finish up. I saw the spurts under the fence,splash, stop and start ech of the three times she did send out the spurts of piss. That was it she was done. One of the girls must have now taken a look in the girl that had just pissed direction. It was the daughetr who had spoke up to her. Good job most of yor piss went under the fence. Now we don't have to worry about stepping in your piss! That brought laughter from the other two grls that were in the pool with the daughter. The girl that had pissed laughed also.

