Average life turned...wet! part 2

9th July 2014, 03:38 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part2

After a few months being together Rob came home early one time, caught Kim naked by the pool and undressed also but she still did not hear him coming in. Rob went to the bathroom to have a pee and found Kim's panties near the hamper on the floor. Soaked! He smelled them, stuck his tongue out and tasted them. Yes, unmistakable pee! He remembered his taste of his on pee on his finger on the beach! He walked out to the pool with a boner and saw Kim was asleep, there was wetness under the lounger and the towel she laid on was wet, water from the pool? Pee? He did not know but slowly he got a little plan. She woke up and had not expected him an was embarrassed and started to make excuses, «O, I, yes, I must have spilled my glass of wine». «Wine» Rob said, «Not water from the pool after swimming?», «Yes, that too» Kim said.

He wanted to make love to her, there was this faint smell that exited him but Kim said, «Oh no, I must have fallen asleep, I have to prepare and go to the clinic and get some files and I am dirty, got to shower»

«Dirty» Rob said, «You were just swimming!», she stuttered and stammered about that she was in a hurry and will continue taking care of his boner that night. «Ok, Rob said, I got to go too, have to get back to work, just came home to pick up something and have to go on a short trip, I might not be home tonight, possible getting another big customer for 35 cars, I will call you later, love you bye.»

Before Rob left, he checked his computer and saw Kim's laptop open but on standby. He used Kim's computer before and just for fun tried to check to see what she had been doing or watching but always the history was clean, wiped or not used somehow. Kim was in the shower and he started up her computer and wham! There it was, 2 pages, a video webpage, Eroprof or something and a website called «Peesearch»(!!!) She had started to read something, a story or something and he saw her login/nickname!

Looking at the video clips website, it was parked on a peeing clip, a couple in '69' position and letting go.

He decided to leave it alone for now, Kim was obviously ashamed of it and did not want anyone to know, he felt sorry for her being this secretive and actually he was the same. He put the laptop back in standby, said his goodbyes and left.

That night in his hotel room he searched for the website 'Peesearch' and found it! He was so excited, his hardon hurt a bit, so big it had become about the anticipation of reading Kim's fantasies. He registered and made up his own nickname and profile and started reading everything Kim had ever written on that website.

It had been going on for a while, and he even came across the st Martin experiences of Peeing while being soaked by the rain and how much she wished her boyfriend was just as much excited about peeing as she was, she had written that she was so close about sucking the pee out of her boyfriends pants, she could barely control herself. Rob then realized of course that the 'boyfiend' was himself, «jeez I knew I was a bit slow at times but not this slow» he thought. Rob was exited and made his plan. First he took care of his boner by himself and remembered what he did at the beach, tasting his own pee and decided «that is what I will be doing frequently now! And not only my own!»

«Let's see what Kim is up to» he thought, he saw she was online so he started writing some fantasies of his own and commenting on her stories. Within minutes she replied on his comments and they were hot!

No she was not interested in meeting other people in the flesh but talking or writing about it would be fun! Wow writing and sharing fantasies with his own girlfriend and she did not even know it was him! The stores and replies became hotter and more and more wet and she told him what she had planned for the next day by the pool...

He called Kim with a sweet voice on his phone and told her that he won't be home for another day; maybe if lucky he might be home at dinner time the next day and asked if she was ok with it. She was and told him she was free the next day from work also and she would wait for him and clean up the garden, mow the lawn and enjoy herself and maybe will do it in the nude if she feels up to it.

Rob finished early the next day, got a new customer and was ready to drive home by 10 am in the morning already with the contact in his pocket. He was only a couple of hours away from home; if he hurried home he could be there by lunch time and have the rest of the day off. He had been masturbating and reading stories and watching video clips as 'there was no tomorrow' the evening before in his room and barely could control his upcoming boner now as he thought of his plan to surprise Kim and have her come out of the closet!

He did not call her to let her know he was on his way but decided to 'catch' her in the act - hopefully!.

He parked his car one street before his own, walked to his neighbor's house and as usual, they were not there. He found a lawn chair from the neighbor and sat down on the other side of his own fence. The neighbor had planted some shrubs against the fence and he parted them and found some cracks in the wood from the fence and was able to overlook his own pool and patio. He saw Kim doing some yard work, planting some plants and...watering the plants?

How, what! Kim was in the nude! Had a bottle of water with her, the bottle of water was not for watering the plants but for her to drink, watering the plants she did by peeing! She just let go whenever she felt like! Her body seemed wet also from sweat, or was it! Rob was a bit confused, surprised and excited at the same time and decided not to pursue what his right hand wanted to do! After about 15 minutes Kim went to the Lounger, laid down and kept lurking at the bottle of water, also, under the parasol there was a glass with in it a margarita he guessed, they both loved margarita's but within reason. This time it looked like she a pitcher nearby filled with ice and more margaritas in it for a refill.

Rob was bursting from excitement, he felt like he was at his own private life show. What he did not know was that Kim had been thinking on what to do about her fantasies, this could not go on like this; she had fantasies and wanted to experience them, she was not happy about her sex life and thought about telling Rob and if Rob would be shocked, so, fine, time to make new decisions then! So she had a plan of her own, not really actually, but she became more bold about it and not careful anymore hiding it, she did not care. «So if Rob one of these days finds out, though luck! I can handle it» she thought, not knowing Rob was closer by as she knew!

She was a bit tipsy, just slightly, margarita in one hand and the bottle of water in the other and taking turns sipping. She again felt the urge to pee...

She lifted her legs and looked at her neat trimmed pussy, a landing strip but between her legs smooth so she could see her pee coming out of her pussy. She pulled her pussy a bit towards her and started to pee, stronger and stronger and a real fountain with no ending! It landed first on her belly, filling up valley of her belly button, than slowly as the force became stronger, it landed on her breasts, her not so big but perky breasts which seemed very firm and her nipples strong and proud sticking up. Higher and higher, «looked like she had been practicing before» thought Rob who was watching in astonishment!

The fountain moved towards her mouth which she opened eagerly and her open mouth followed the stream wherever moved! Her hair, the lounger, is splashed on the little table next to her, even in the pitcher, her margarita, the towel; everywhere and she get going for almost 2 minutes now! She masturbated and came shortly afterwards and then... she licked her fingers, took another sip of the margarita mixed with the spilled pee and fell asleep!

