Average life turned...wet! part 12 final(for now)

15th July 2014, 01:48 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 12 Final (for now)

The entertainment was about to begin. Nicolas and Beth had set up a good size dancing pole on a small stage. The seats were only about 2 yards from the stage in a half circle. The seats were low and lazy and made from wicker and for comfort a soft cushion was placed in the seat and back rest.

Nicolas and Beth were both dressed as real artists do, an erotic circus type body suit that left nothing to the imagination. Nicolas had quite a «package' in there clearly outlined and actually more sexy looking than when it was just «hanging around '. Beth had a low cut, very high hip thin body suit also with nothing underneath, vaguely see through. You could see her pussy piercing making its marks in the «camel toe'.

Nicolas and Beth bowed and introduced themselves as the «Dancing Stream'. Music started after which Beth climbed the pole and showed her moves and strength. She did a few things that amazed everybody.

She was maybe just a bit chubby but it was definitely not from food, it was all muscle. What a control this girl had. Nicolas at this time was dancing on stage more like ballet type steps.

After several minutes of showing of, but on the rhythm of the music, Beth to a pose in the very top of the pole. With 2 hands above each other she twisted a bit so her body was on its back and her legs 90 degrees up in the air and slowly folding her legs towards the pole above her head. What a strength! She then proceeded to spread one leg slightly and before everyone realized what was happening Beth started to pee through her sheer bodysuit!

A perfect angle! The stream arced and landed straight in her mouth. She spit it upward out of her mouth and it landed straight back don back into her mouth after which she swallowed.

Nicolas came into the picture and stood next to the pole, holding it with one hand and lifting one leg sideways, just for the pretty picture. The 2nd squirt stream from Beth landed again in her mouth and again she spat it out but this time slightly sideways and it landed with a perfect bow in Nicolas' upturned mouth.

Nicolas then took a step and moved visually behind Beth and with the third squirt the stream landed directly in Nicolas' mouth. Beth alternated the stream passing the pole left and right before it hit Nicolas.

Beth then started to rotated around the pole, stretching her legs upward and when the next stream started it made a perfect angle to hit everyone watching sitting in the seats. «The crowd went mad and cheered» Nicolas commented the move. Rob was the first to be «hit' and realized quickly that he had to open his mouth, then Sabrina, Don, Robin and last was Kim. Her eyes were twinkling because she did not expect this kind of «flabbergasting act'.

But the act was not finished yet! Quickly Beth filled up again and Nicolas was seen filling up as well. Kim or Robin were always ready with a glass of lemonade or water to give to Beth in case she would want a sip.

Nicolas climbed the pole and Beth climbed up again too. Now it was Nicolas with his legs at a 90 degree angle on one side and Beth opposite also her legs up in that angle. What a strength in those arms!

While Nicolas' back was perfect horizontal he start to pee in squirts and also made that perfect straight shot into his own mouth. He swallowed some and some he spat out again up and behind him and landed without missing a drop in Beth's mouth.

Nicolas then stopped for a moment did some movements and was now facing the crowed. His hands above his head Belly arched forward and his feet under him against the pole. That made is half hard cock protruding forward and as by mind reading the female crowd started opening their mouths and Nicolas started peeing a strong hard stream in first Sabrina's mouth and afterwards one by one the other ladies. Never missing a mouth and never spilling a drop on anyone else.

The crowd was applauding when it was announced that the act was finished. The whole act had still taken at least 20 to 30 minutes. People had been drinking and not wanted to walk away so people just pee as they are where they were. Don was last and when the act came to an end Don was just finishing peeing in his own mouth from where he sat. Robin took over his cock and directed the last of the stream into her mouth.

Kim stood up and announced» Ice-cream is being served every one. We have Sabrina/banana taste, Beth/strawberry taste, Kim/mint taste and last but not least, Nicolas/chocolate taste. The last one we just made an hour ago.»

Everyone went to the buffet and sampled the different ice-creams. The ladies went first to the «Nicolas' taste of course, the men let that one pass them by. «We have more ice-cream in the freezer, feel free to take some and be creative making your own fantasy tastes, everyone here I presume, will be willing to serve you or help you creating your new taste. Kim took her bowl and went back to her seat taking Rob with her. Kim let herself fall back into her seat after which the pee collected in her cushion squirted out and hit Rob straight into his eye. Kim found it to be hilarious and licked at Robs eye to clear his vision again.

The ice-cream was a success, there was still a whole new batch in the kitchen and it was not eaten individually but people fed each other or first took a bite or lick and then kissed someone else to let them have a taste. After a while no one knew anymore which ice-cream was which or who's taste everyone shared and it did not matter anyway.

Every one peed whenever they wanted, while walking around, while eating while serving, on the seats on the leftover foods and leftover ice-cream it was one wet party! Then the fucking started, cocks disappeared in a variety of openings, vagina's, mouths, ears and noses it looked like. Things became a bit quiet, you could hear people breathing heavy and moaning and after a short while «shots were fired' sperm flying around, if it landed in someone's mouth(intentionally) it was swallowed and the other «shots were used as massage oil and shampoo on the bodies of the ladies. It was wild! No one will ever have experienced a party like this.

Things were quieting down for a while. New drinks were made, with or with the extra ingredient. Nicolas set up a Tv outside and put in a dvd of some other dance acts he has done and also dance acts with Beth.

Nicolas went to sit down with Sabrina, who he just fucked and gave her his cream and put his arm around her. «Sabrina, I would love it if you can be my girlfriend, I really do. I will wait for you and if you can find a job here and move here maybe or I could move to San Francisco, find a job there and be with you...but..we would miss all this!» Sabrina kissed him and it was obvious that they now were a couple.

«Ok for the final act of this evening I would like to have a contest» Rob said. «How about the ladies line up, line up their seats next to each other sit down open their legs and do an old fashioned pissing contest to see who can pee the farthest! We men line up across from you at a 3 or 4 yard distance and try to catch as much as possible in our mouths. We do not swallow, however tempting, but we spit it out into a measure cup which each one of us carries. We can have 2 winners than, one lady who pees the farthest and one man who caught the most pee in his mouth and then into his cup. No cheating no pee catching in the mouth and holding out your hand to catch another stream no, must be caught in the mouth first.»

It was Robs complete own idea to do this and everyone loved the idea!

«Ok ladies! Start your engines...uhh Fill yourself up! And by the way, after this round is finished it is our turn to pee distance and the ladies will catch it», Rob said.

The ladies «tanked' themselves full, lined up and waited for the go ahead about 10 minutes later.

Some ladies «cheated' by pushing their fingers against their asshole in order to create more pressure so it seemed. It was a great view, 4 ladies with spread legs knees up, feet «parked' next to their hips on the seat and the spraying was commencing! Funny to see the 3 men on their knees trying to catch as much pee as they could!

For distance Kim was the absolute winner! Probably because having some oriental blood her pussy was tight, her lips short, her clit standing out and her peehole completely free of any obstruction. Maybe also because she was in «pee practise' the longest of them all.

The winner of the volume contest was Don! He was fast and he flew all over collecting the lovely body fluids and spat it in his container. When he was declared the winner he took his container and drank the whole lot down!

No it was the men's turn to pee. The 3 lined up, after they filled themselves and laughed until they cried almost. They started and the ladies were waiting with their mouths open and container ready.

The men did not play to serious and were playing around spraying and swaying away. The ladies were completely soaked. More piss was in the hair than in the container. Nicolas was the winner in distance and Robin in collecting. So what was the price for the winners?

Kim had bought long ago some «souvenirs' from an adult shop. 2 Dildo's with a small storage space. So you could fill it with water or pee and it would squirt after a certain amount of time. Also the winners were asked to come on stage and asked to engage in some good old fashioned love making while the others looked on and cheered and possibly spraying them with pee.

But before that was commencing Rob was asked by Kim to get ready for his present and that was that he was allowed to fuck Sabrina.

Kim had decided to be ready for the next step and become swingers so both of them could make love with others in the group.

All three couples came on stage. Kim with Don, Rob with Sabrina and Nicolas with Robin. Only Beth was left out. Beth was asked to join in wherever she wanted and pee over everybody as much as possible.

Beth made sure everyone was lubricate well enough using her pee and last she went to Kim and peed the final squirt in her mouth. Within minutes orgasms were reached. The «white gold

' was flying again and it was not wasted. It was tasted and massaged in skins, hair and tongues!

When everybody finished the energy level had dropped considerable. It was late and everyone was tired. They jumped into the pool, sat a short time in the Jacuzzi and just before they fell asleep in the bubbles they got out, said their goodbyes and hit the sack!

They agreed that this was not to be the only party like this and they would do it again very soon. Maybe after Don and Rob finished combining their gardens and making some more nice inventions to have fun in that garden together! Sabrina will try to move to leave more closer and be with Nicolas more and Beth is a «a friend of the house' and welcome to come over any time she wanted.

The end (for now).

