Too Tired for Fun

16th September 2010, 02:52 PM

Author: wsvoyeur

Location: Texas (Sex: Male) Posts: 2,892

This is another story that I wrote for a friend. It is along the same lines as my story The Warmest Welcome, and set in the same universe. Like that story, this one is much shorter than my usual effort. I hope you enjoy.

Please let me know what you think of it, good or bad. If you like this story, please check out my other stories:

Chrissy and Elizabeth (f/f watersports)

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Kim's Watersports Adventures (f/f watersports):

Part 1

Part 2

Part 3

Carol and Tracy (m/f watersports):

Carol's Surprise

Tracy's Tale

Will and Carol and Bob and Tracy

Selected Excerpts From the Diary of Leslie Kay

Part 1

(f/f watersports

Part 2

(m/f watersports

You can also check out my personal story of how I got into watersports (m solo).

If you like any of these stories, please let me know. Thanks.

Too Tire for Fun

We are sitting in the family room, watching a movie. I have my arm around you, your head is lying on my shoulder. You are starting to nod in and out, and come to the realization that you need to go to bed.

«Sweetie, I'm going to call it a night,» you tell me. «I've got a big day ahead of me tomorrow anyway, and can use the sleep.»

«Sure thing honey,» I respond. «I'm a little tired myself. Let me finish watching this movie, and I'll be right in.»

After the completion of the movie I walk in the bedroom and see you lying there on top of the covers. The thin nightie you are wearing has ridden up your thigh, and is now revealing your beautiful ass and pussy. I am immediately intrigued. I remove my clothes, and snuggle up right behind you. I start gently kissing your neck, and lightly rubbing my hand along your breasts.

You wake up, and immediately know what I am up to. There is definitely a part of you that wants to play, but you are tired, and long for sleep. «Come on, not tonight,» you tell me. «I really am tired. We'll do this tomorrow, I promise.» With that you roll over to give me a good night kiss.

I don't let you leave the kiss as a nice, warm peck. Instead I kiss you deeply, passionately. The desire rises in you, but still not enough to overcome your need for sleep. «That's playing dirty,» you say, and I can hear how tired you are in your voice. «But seriously, I really need some sleep.»

I'm about to give in, and think of taking care of myself, but my desire to make love to you has only increased. I decide to give it one more shot. I grab my dick, point it at your pussy lips, and let out a quick stream of piss.

The hot stream of piss hitting your pussy wakes you up immediately, and the sensation ramps up your own desire. You playfully grab a pillow and hit me with it, saying «Hey, that's not fair!»

«So, do you want me to stop?» I ask.

«No, definitely not, but you had better make this worth it!»

I start to piss on your pussy again, this time with a hard, steady stream. You reach down and spread your pussy lips, and move so that the stream is squarely hitting your clit. You revel in the sensation of the hot piss streaming against your clit, and start to rub yourself. The feeling of my piss against your hand and pussy, and the magic of your fingers, quickly gives you an orgasm.

After your orgasm subsides I replace your fingers with my own, and give you another passionate kiss. I can feel your large, beautiful breasts against my chest as I hold you tight. Your hand is on my cock, enthusiastically rubbing and stroking it. You push me over onto my back and mount me.

I look up this angel above me, looking at your marvelous body as you ride me. I reach up, brush your long, curly red hair off of your breasts, and start to fondle them, caressing them with my hands, and rolling your beautiful nipples between my fingers.

The movement up and down on my cock has caused you to realize how full your bladder has become. You pull yourself slightly off me, grab my cock in your hand, and start to piss. I am in heaven! The feel of your hot piss hitting my dick and running down my balls is exquisite. I look at you and can't believe how lucky I am, having a woman so intelligent, so warm, so fun, so beautiful, and so wonderfully naughty all at the same time.

I give out a moan of disappointment as I feel your stream wane, and then come to an end. You start to move down the bed, and I know what you are planning. I motion you instead to turn your body around, until you are on top of me, your pussy hovering just above me face, your mouth right over my cock. I grab your ass cheeks and lower you pussy onto my face. I can smell the scent of my piss on your pussy, and can taste it a little as I start to eat you.

On your end of our 69 you taste your own piss as well, as you take my cock into your mouth. With my cock in hand, you are alternating between licking the head of my dick and swallowing me as deep as you can. I am furiously tonguing your clit and fucking your pussy with my tongue. I soon feel your body stiffen; you take my cock out of your mouth and moan, as you are hit with another orgasm. I enjoy the taste of your juices as the orgasm rocks your body.

As soon as you come off of your orgasm you attack my cock with energy and passion, eager to repay me for what you just experienced. It doesn't take long until I erupt in your mouth. You continue suck, swallowing my cum until I am finished.

Exhausted, you collapse next to me. I give you a kiss, and we fall asleep in each other's arms.

