High School Teacher Desperation

29th March 2013, 07:49 PM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

Here's a story from several years ago from my Senior year in high school. It was a pretty hot experience and certainly will be an interesting read for anyone who's remotely interested in desperation. It takes place mid-way through my senior year and involves my, then math teacher.

It was a Friday and we had received a hefty snow storm the night before. We were operating on a two-hour delay which meant it was about to be a hectic day as class schedules would be messed up and many students wouldn't show up. I would have skipped myself but, Fridays were always special. Of course upon arriving to class, there was only 4 students present versus the 24 there should have been. It was me and three other girls.

While it was early, math class, and none of my friends had came to school, I wasn't distraught. Why? It has to do with the teacher and what's special about Fridays. My math teacher happened to be Ms. Gutoskis. She was extremely young for a teacher. At just 22 years old she had graduated college and followed her dreams, though. I believe she said her parents had emigrated from Hungary to the United States, I could be wrong. Either way, it was one of those Eastern European countries. She had the beauty that many Eastern European women are blessed with along with a slight, but extremely sexy accent. Despite this, she often told of her struggles growing up in America.

As for what made Fridays so special, it was one day out of the week that teachers could pay $20 to gain the ability to wear jeans and normal street clothes. While Ms. Gutoskis normally wore slacks, which were still sexy on her in their own right, a pair of tight fitting jeans put her over the top. She was the sole reason that I came to school on Fridays. My desk sat front row and diagonal from hers which meant that I could reach out and touch her as she sat at her desk and when she'd stand at the corner of her desk, her crotch would be right in front of me. The real treat was when she'd turn around and I'd get a face full of ass.

So, we were sitting in class and teachers were running late as they had a meeting to gather their schedules for the day due to the delay. It was about five minutes after the starting bell that Ms. Gutoskis came rushing through the door. She was apologetic for being late and rushed to her desk to unload her bag full of materials and sit her half drank cup of Starbucks cappuccino down. The way she was dressed really caught my eye today. She wore a light colored pair of washed out looking jeans. They were skin tight and had several small holes showing off her fit, tanned legs underneath.

There was even a quarter sized hole in the butt of them that allowed her left, tanned, ass cheek to show through. The location indicated that she was either wearing a G-string or perhaps nothing at all. Upon removing her coat, she revealed a pink, skin tight, V-neck, short sleeve shirt. Her cleavage created by her perky tits shown at the top of her shirt. While her tits were by no means huge, they had to be a solid C cup and fit her hourglass shape perfectly. Her blonde highlighted hair fell mid-way down her back and it was done in loose curls. She looked as if she could be voted prom queen instead of a teacher. Her clothing revealed she had an obvious wild, rebellious side as it was a sort of "F you" to the school administrators.

She started class. It was going to be a short lesson as there was hardly anyone present. She took to the chalk board in front of me. I couldn't help but watch her ass cheeks bounce as she shifted her weight side to side as she wrote on the board. As she reached upward, her shirt would rise up and her back and belly would poke through below. It was certainly nice that she wasn't any taller than 5'4" as she was always reaching which meant she was always showing skin. As she continued to write, I couldn't help but notice what looked as if she were occasionally crossing her legs as if she were growing desperate for the bathroom. It wasn't much longer until my suspicions were confirmed as I caught her placing her hand between her legs and grabbing her crotch. Obviously, the Starbucks was working on her.

A few minutes had passed until she found herself perched on the corner of her desk, right in front of me. It was obvious she was using the desk to apply pressure to her pussy as she ground herself deeper and deeper against it. Of course, I'm sure she didn't realize that it was obvious what she was doing. A couple minutes of this and she finally cracked and called down to the office via intercom to try and get someone to come watch the class while she used the restroom. It was to no avail though. No one was available and all the teachers on our floor were tied up with their own students. We students realized her pain and embarrassment and tried to coerce her to just leave us for a few minutes, but a new policy prevented that.

The week before a teacher had left his class unattended only to return to find several students smoking pot out the window. This led to strict disciplinary action against the students and a new policy that meant students couldn't be left unattended for any period of time. Any teacher who broke the rule would face suspension without pay and be reprimanded in front of administrators to face additional action. Ms. Gutoskis expressed her dismay after the secretary on the intercom hung up. She mumbled under her breath: "F**king rules. It's not like I'm not an adult and I'm going to be gone for any period of time. Can't even take a piss in this damn building." I'm sure she meant to be silent, but her anger got the best of her when she mumbled it. It was obvious that she didn't care at that point in time, though.

She made her way back to the corner of the desk where she again sat against it trying to ward off her need to piss. We again tried to reassure her that we'd see to it that nothing would happen if she went to the restroom and left us alone. She wasn't comfortable with that, though.

"I can't leave you all here alone. That witch next door will report me before I even get out the door." Ms. Gutoskis said.

She was referring to the teacher in the next room over. She was also a younger teacher and it was obvious that she always tried to compete with Ms. Gutoskis in terms of beauty and sex appeal. Of course, she wasn't anything to turn your head at, but not even any of the 500 and some female students could compete with Ms. Gutoskis' looks.

Ms. Gutoskis continued to cross her legs and sit on the edge of her desk, but her need had grew beyond that. There was no more holding it. Since she was so close to me, I was the first to hear her little accident. It was a rather potent hiss as the crotch of her jeans turned dark immediately. She tried to secretly regain control, but to no avail. A second, slightly longer hiss became audible and this time, the pee shot through the fabric of her jeans and wetted the corner of her desk as well as the carpet, nearly where my feet were. This time she left out a little shriek and exclaimed "Oh no."

She had had enough. She made her way out of the room, running frantically. Of course, the girls in the room began questioning, "Did she really just pee herself?" I was witness to the whole thing and knew the answer, but said nothing. A few minutes had passed and Ms. Gutoskis had returned. Wet pants and all. She made her way into the room and revealed her jeans were soaked down to her knees. The butt of her jeans were completely saturated. I have to say that I literally felt for her. She stood at the front of the room and apologized for her accident and for any way she may have acted unprofessional. It was a heartfelt apology and anyone could relate to being caught short. She admitted she had no idea how to handle the situation and asked if we'd keep that mornings events quiet. Of course everyone agreed as she was a well liked teacher. She took her seat and allowed her jeans to dry naturally. She didn't even move for lunch, so I actually brought her lunch from the cafeteria to her.

I'm not even into the wetting thing, but looking back, this was the the definition of hot. If only she hadn't been so embarrassed, feared for her job, or felt so bad about the situation. It could have truly been something then!

