Jenny, a very unworldly young girl.

27th August 2017, 10:27 PM

Author: P4US98

Location: PR29PP (Sex: Male) Posts: 49

JENNY.

People who have unusual interests, particularly on intimate subjects, have a problem. You may know, or at least suspect that other people share your interest, but you dare not ask for fear of causing offense if you are wrong, or at the very least having people consider you a VERY strange character.

Just once in a blue moon an opportunity arises... Not «In yer face» it's a bit more subtle than that... you have to know what you are looking for... Be ready to DO something about it!..

It started in the Company canteen over lunch. They didn't make any rules as to who sat where but, you know how it is... Cliques form, usually, but not always, around age groups. So it was that a group of us, late teen to early twenties, usually sat at the same table. I had no experience of things like psychology or hypnotism but I had read a few books... Gained an interest...

What particularly intrigued me was some of the tests for assessing people's susceptibilities. I decided to try a little experiment. In a quiet moment I scratched my nose and said, quite loudly,

«Dunno what it is, but something in the air here seems to make my nose itch.» Most people ignored it, some vaguely smiling without comment, but there were just two... Mary and Jenny... Both rather quiet, pretty girls... First Jenny then Mary scratched their noses and said,

«Yes, I wonder what it is. There was, of course, nothing whatever in the air to make their noses itch... Nothing but my remark! I ventured a little farther. Wandering over to a thermometer on the wall, I carefully breathed on the bulb for a while, returned to my seat, mopped my brow and said,

«Phew... 80F... I THOUGHT it felt a bit warm in here! One or two people glanced at the thermometer and looked a bit puzzled. Mary looked vaguely confused but...

Even though it was actually quite cool that day, Jenny was actually visibly sweating!..

Was this good luck or frustration? Jenny was the best prospect for my experiment. She was also one of the prettiest girls in the firm. Nice fresh, open sort of face, long blond hair, firm, well-formed breasts without being overlarge, lovely legs... Oddly enough for a girl of eighteen she seldom wore tights, always ankle socks, adding even more to the soft «shy little girl» look about her. Could be good news in a way but there was a snag. A lovely girl like her was BOUND to have a boyfriend. That would screw things.

Next day I rather obviously waited for her to come in and grabbed my chance to sit next to her.

«Hi, Jenny.»

«Er... Hi.»

«I hope you don't mind me contriving to sit next to you.»

«No... Why should I?»

«Well, you know how it is. You don't always get the chance to sit next to a pretty girl like you.» She blushed scarlet and stammered,

«Oh... I don't know about that...»

«Of COURSE you do. I bet your boyfriend's always telling you!» She looked a bit confused,

«Well... Actually... I don't have a boyfriend.»

«No?.. Had to dump him, did you?» She looked even more uncomfortable.

«No, it's not like that... I've never had a boyfriend.»

«What??? A pretty girl like you! Why ever not? Don't you like boys?»

«It's not that. My mother said I shouldn't. She said I could get hurt.» This was great news, sort of, but it would need VERY careful handling.

«I'm sure your mother wants to protect you, but surely most of your friends go out with boys?»

«Well, yes... They nearly all do.»

«And do they get hurt?»

«Yes... Sarah did.»

«That's bad. Was she the only one?»

«Well... Yes... I suppose so, but they... DID things together and then ... She was REALLY upset when he... Dumped her for another girl.»

«Jenny, I know that's terrible, but how many girls do you know?»

«I'm not sure... Maybe twenty or so... Mostly old schoolmates.» That figures. At eighteen she's not long out of school herself.

«Did they all have boys?»

«Most of them.»

«And did they all get hurt?»

«No, I don't think so... Only Sarah.»

«What happened to the rest?»

«I don't know really... Most of them seemed very happy.»

«Look, Jenny, I don't want to argue with your Mum, I'm sure she wants to protect you, but can't you see where this all leads.»

«What do you mean?»

«What your Mum said is true, you COULD get hurt, but it's much more likely that you will be wonderfully happy. That's life, you have to take SOME risks in that sort of thing or end up a miserable old maid!»

«I suppose so.» By now the rest of the gang had left, some with knowing smiles that said, «You're making a play for Jenny, aren't you!»

«I'd like to meet your Mum. She sounds a nice lady who really loves you.» Jenny looked close to tears.

«You can't... She died last year.»

«Oh, I'm sorry... I didn't know... The LAST thing I wanted was to upset you!»

«It's alright, you couldn't have known. I'm still trying to settle down.»

«Of COURSE you are. It's difficult when you've been so close to someone. Even so, you are very young... Many years ahead of you... You still have to make a life for yourself.»

«I know... That's what I keep telling myself but...»

«I understand... It's not that easy. People who tell you to 'Just snap out of it' have never known what it is to be REALLY close to someone.»

«You really DO seem to understand.»

«Oh yes... Only too well... Been there, done that... I was engaged once... Before that car mounted the pavement...»

«Oh, I'm sorry.»

«Well, now were BOTH sorry for each others losses. Seriously, Jenny, do you really think ALL men are out to hurt you?»

«No, I suppose not.» SO close...

«Do you think I would hurt you?»

«No, of course not.»

«Shall we have a chat about it over a drink after work?»

«Alright then... Thank you.»

We duly arrived at a local pub and found a fairly secluded seats in an alcove.

«What would you like to drink?»

«Um... I'm not sure... I don't usually...» I wasn't sure whether to be excited or sad. This pretty young girl was lost to the wide in the real world... Probably couldn't brush her teeth without asking Mummy which brand of toothpaste to use! Methinks a LONG drink would serve my real purpose best!

«A lot of girls say lager and lime is the best drink.»

«Do they?... I'll try that then, please.» That's it then... Pint of bitter for me, pint of lager and lime for Jenny. The barman raised an eyebrow.

«A PINT of lager and lime?» I winked.

«Thirsty girl!» He winked back.

«Do you want the key to go missing?»

«Keep that in reserve, it might come to that but this one is a bit delicate. I have to tread carefully.»

Back in the alcove Jenny eyed her drink nervously and said,

«It's quite a lot!»

«You'll be surprised how it slides down once you get started!» She was... Indeed, she surprised me a bit, I had to move on to keep up with her. Jenny was obviously excited by trying new things.

«Refill?»

«Yes, please.»

I took the opportunity to nip into the Gents as I got them in, then it was business as usual. Our second pints went at a rather more leisurely pace. I slipped an arm around Jenny. She stiffened a bit for a moment, then happily relaxed and snuggled up to me.

«This is NICE!»

«It certainly is, Jenny and you are a very nice girl.»

«Thank you.» Toward the end of our second pints Jenny was getting fidgety, squirming on her seat from time to time... I knew perfectly well what her problem was. The long drinks were having just the effect I hoped. This lovely young girl wanted to have a wee and was too shy to mention it! I said nothing at first, just enjoyed watching her sit there having to hold herself. Another few minutes passed, then she squirmed even more and crossed her legs. Something had to be done. Much as I would have enjoyed it, I didn't want this to go TOO far TOO soon. An embarrassing accident in her knickers might frighten her off for good!

«Jenny... Um... I hope you don't mind me asking something rather personal...»

«What's that?»

«Well, I couldn't help noticing, you seem to be getting very uncomfortable and... Well, you HAVE had two pints to drink... Um... Do you want to go to the lavatory.» Jenny blushed crimson, then said,

«Well, yes, I DO actually but... My Mum said it's not nice to mention... Well, you know... Wanting to go to the lavatory... Some people don't like it.»

«Well you can certainly mention it to ME any time, but there is a bit of a problem here.»

«What's that?»

«The Ladies lavatory is out in the yard. They had trouble with vandals, so they keep it locked. If you want to go and have a wee you'll have to get the key from the barman.» Jenny gasped in disbelief...

«Oh, NO... I couldn't do THAT.»

«It IS a bit embarrassing but... Well, there's no other way you can go to the lavatory.» I left her to digest that for a few minutes then said,

«Look, Jenny, I know this is a bit forward of me after such a short time together but could I make a suggestion?» Jenny was obviously getting desperate to have a wee, ready to clutch at any straw by now!

«Oh, Yes please... ANYTHING...»

«We could go my house and you could go to the lavatory there but... Jenny, I have to ask you another rather delicate question...»

«What's that?»

«How badly do you want to have a wee?» Ever more out of her depth, Jenny stammered,

«It... It's... Getting pretty bad, really.»

«My house is about half-hour's walk from here. Can you hold yourself that long?» Jenny hesitated, torn between embarrassing possibilities...

«Ooh... I don't know... »

Time for a bit more psychology. If a person is suggestible, as Jenny obviously was, you can put a question in a way that gives them a ready-made answer to clutch at. Don't say «Which dress do you like best, the red or the blue?» Say «The red one would suit you best, wouldn't it?» I cuddled her a bit closer, reassuring her that I was on HER side, and said, gently,

«Well, one thing's for sure, Jenny, if you just sit here sooner or later you'll do it all in your knickers.» She shuddered at the thought...

«I KNOW I will... I mustn't do that... I MUSTN'T» ...Crunch time... Psychology time... Time for ME to tell HER what she wanted to do!

«Well then...It's either my house or the key... You'd rather try to hold yourself until we get home than ask the barman for the key to the Ladies lavatory, wouldn't you?» A stronger girl would have rejected such a silly proposition, but I was rapidly replacing Jennies Mum as her decision-maker!

«Yes, I suppose I would. Thank you for understanding.» We walked arm in arm to my house without saying much. I knew she had to concentrate hard to hold herself. As I unlocked the door Jenny was standing with her legs crossed and her bum quivering. I could see that she was nearly doing it all in her knickers. I led her upstairs to the lavatory and she didn't even stop to shut the door. I stood as close as I dared to the open door, just out of sight. I could clearly hear the rustle of cloth as she pulled her skirt up, a muffled hiss and splashing noise...

The 'Thwack' of elastic as she took her knickers down, the 'Clunk' as she sat on the lavatory, mixed up with a different, mighty splashing noise as her great, relieving stream of wee hit the pool at the bottom of the lavatory pan. I thought she was never going to stop! Then I heard something else, something rather disturbing... I decided to take a BIG gamble. I gently knocked on the door, slowly walked into the lavatory and saw a puddle of wee on the floor. Jenny was sitting on the lavatory with her dripping knickers round her knees, crying her eyes out. Walking in on a young girl while she is on the lavatory was risky, but it was OK, she made no attempt to ask me to leave. I knelt beside her and cuddled her, still sitting on the lavatory.

«I'm s.. s... sorry.»

«Don't worry, Jenny, I know you did your best to hold yourself. You couldn't stop yourself from having a wee. You couldn't get you knickers down in time, could you?» She was crying on my shoulder now.

« No, I couldn't. I hardly lifted my skirt before I felt it all squirting out. It's all over your floor too... I was trying SO hard not to have a wee but I just couldn't hold myself any longer... »

«I know... It's alright, we can soon mop it up, no problem.»

The situation was nothing short of bizarre... I'd only known this shy young girl for a few hours and now she was in my house, sitting on the lavatory and letting me cuddle her, with most of her wee on the floor, some still dripping from her knickers and the rest in the lavatory! Jenny gradually stopped crying and started to relax in my arms. I let her calm down for a while longer, then gently pulled her knickers down to the floor. Jenny took her feet out of them and I dropped them in the washbasin and turned the taps on, then pulled a cloth off the rail and mopped the floor. Next I gave her knickers a quick squeeze around, drained the basin and hung them on the towel rail. Jenny looked on gratefully as I said,

«No need for a major washing routine, it's only a drop of wee from a healthy young girl, pretty well sterile!» Jenny suddenly saw the sheer absurdity of the situation we were in and went into fits of laughter. I joined here with great enthusiasm. It was, as they say, the best medicine, washing away all her tensions and shyness. She was still laughing as I knelt in front of her and gently started running my hands up and down her lovely smooth legs. She made no protest, indeed was obviously starting to like it! I rested my hands on her knees with just the very lightest outward pressure. She blushed, sat there giggling for a while then said,

«Alright then.» and nervously let me slowly open her legs. I sat there steadily admiring her neat bush and the lovely firm lips under them... The lips she'd just had an enormous wee through... Her nervousness gradually faded as she sensed my approval. She giggled again...

«Do you like it?»

«Oh, YES!.. You're a lovely girl.» I started slowly sliding my hands up between her legs. She froze and started to close them. I moved my hand back down and she said,

«I'm sorry... I didn't mean to do that.»

«It's all right... Don't worry.»

«It's just that... My mother was so on about not touching... down there.»

«But you DO touch yourself, don't you?» Jenny was completely taken aback.

«How do you know that? My mother would...»

«Jenny, you have lovely tits. You wouldn't have if you hadn't reached a climax fairly regularly... It's a hormone thing.» I could see things were coming to a head between us. I gently urged her off the lavatory, pulling her skirt up as she stood up, and held her to me, rubbing her bare bum. She finally relaxed completely against me.

«Oh, it's SUCH a relief to talk openly about things like that. I've never DARED!» We stood like that for ages, just enjoying the closeness and sheer honesty of it all. There was just a little bit more honesty to come as we separated and Jenny made to flush the lavatory, then hesitated as she saw me looking into it.»

«Do you like looking at my wee?»

«Yes... I love to imagine your sensations when it was all inside you... Then as you let it all go.»

«All right, I won't flush the lavatory then.» I looked at her wee in the lavatory pan for some while. It was quite a pale yellow, almost clear as she had drunk so much.

«Would you have liked to watch me going to the lavatory?»

«Oh, yes!»

«The door was open... You could have just...»

«I didn't want to do that. I knew you didn't leave the door open by choice, you just didn't have time to shut it. I thought it would frighten you if I just barged in on you.»

«It would have done... THEN...» She sighed... «I can't believe what's happening to me tonight. It's all happening at such a frightening speed, yet I don't feel frightened any more.»

«Look, Jenny, I don't think we'll be having full sex together tonight as casually as that, but there is one more thing we could to to be completely open with each other.»

«What's that?»

«We could take a shower together.» Jenny was surprisingly calm as she said,

«Yes, that would be nice.» and, with only the slightest hint of shyness left, slipped off what little remained of her clothes. I followed suit and we stepped into the shower together, alternating between washing each other and cuddling in the warm streams. Finally we dried off and I sorted out a couple of dressing gowns, made bedtime drinks and settled down to chat

.

As we cuddled Jenny said,

«I'm sorry I made a mess on your floor.» Something about the way she said it, a little twinkle in her eye, gave me a hint that it was OK to move on...

«There's no need to be sorry... Look, Jenny, I think there's something I should tell you before we go much further. I was sorry you were so upset about it but, strictly for myself, I was glad you couldn't get you knickers down in time. Does that shock you?» She giggled and said,

«No, not really, I had an idea you might like it... When you were cuddling me on the lavatory I saw a bulge in your trousers. That's why I suddenly relaxed and started laughing with relief... I knew it was all going to be OK!»

I had a double bed in the guest room and it seemed a shame not to use it! After cuddling for a while, we both wanted to have a wee. We went to the lavatory together and Jenny showed no sign of shyness when I asked her to open her legs wide and show me the stream of wee squirting out of her.

We cuddled contentedly and gradually dozed off together. Around six in the morning I was woken up by Jenny moving restlessly in her sleep. Guessing the reason, I gently slid my hand over her belly. Just as I thought, her bladder was swollen and tense. So was mine as it happened but that was not part of my plans so I quietly slipped out of bed and went to the lavatory. Back in bed I carried on feeling Jenny's tense bladder for a while, then gently turned her toward me. She started to wake up in my arms. As she became fully awake she felt her pressing need to have a wee and started to move away to get out of bed. I held her tighter. For a moment she seemed to struggle, then she relaxed in my arms and said, quietly,

«You know... don't you!» I just gave her a big hug and, just to tease her, said,

«Know what?»

«You know I want to go to the lavatory.»

«What do you want to go to the lavatory for?»

«I want to have a wee.»

«How bad do you want to have a wee?» She giggled and said,

«I'm busting. I'm nearly doing it all in the bed!»

«Don't go to the lavatory.»

«Alright then, but I MUST have a wee!» I pulled her on top of me and asked her to squat astride my legs, giving me a clear view of her pussy lips. It was a girl's natural position to have a wee, she had no chance of holding herself now! She sat there squirming for a moment, still giggling and said,

«I haven't done this since I was a little girl... Ooh... This is it, I can't hold myself any longer. I watched, fascinated as the great wide stream of wee squirted out of her for ages, totally soaking the bed. No wonder she couldn't hold herself, she must have been absolutely BUSTING! We rolled and cuddled together in the wet warmth and gradually worked ourselves up towards our first full sex... It was great for both of us!

When the bed became too cold for comfort we got up, showered together and dressed, then set a hair drier on the bed. Jenny was a good cook. She was not fazed by the unfamiliar kitchen and made us a hearty breakfast...

One evening next week we went out for an Indian. I played it safe with a Kashmir dish but Jenny was in more adventurous mood and opted for a Vindaloo. We both got outside several pints of beer, me going to the lavatory as needed, Jenny making no objection as that way around did nothing for her. Early on in the meal she wanted to have a wee. I let her go to the lavatory so she could eat her meal in comfort but asked her not to go any more until we got home. She giggled, knowing it was going to be a tall order after all that beer, but happily agreed. A couple of hours later, after we paid up and left, she said,

«I'm dying for a wee again. It's a long train ride home, I'm not sure I can wait that long!» I hugged her, looking forward to the journey ahead. The train was late and, as we sat together cuddling she said,

«This late train has just about finished me. It's at least another hour to home. I'm already BUSTING to have a wee, I can't possibly hold myself all that time.» About ten minutes later she said,

«I'm nearly doing it in my knickers... Ooh, It's started... I can't stop it now!» I heard a muffled hissing sound going on for about a minute. As Jenny finished having a wee in her knickers I could see a damp patch spreading from under her. She said,

«I just COULDN'T stop it at all that time, I've done the whole lot in my knickers, everything's SOAKED!

Eventually we reached our station and headed home, me walking close behind Jenny to hide the worst of the damage. We took a shower together, cuddling and fondling each other, both adding a little to the streams of water as the rest of the beer took its toll!

Finally we slipped into bed, made the most of the fired up mood then happily dozed off in each other's arms. Next morning we both woke up dying for a wee, this time I watched Jenny go to the lavatory then made my own contribution. We dressed for breakfast and afterwards sat cuddling on the settee. After a while, Jenny said,

«I think I'd like to make this a permanent thing between us if you would like it. In future I'll always ask your permission to go to the lavatory. You can make me wait for as long as you like, I won't go unless you let me, whether I can hold myself or not.

What did surprise me was that, when I raised the point, Jenny had no objection to including PUBLIC lavatories... In the street... Pubs... Theaters... Great, but in all conscience I would have to be a bit careful...

«Surely there has to be a limit somewhere, Jenny?»

«Yes, I think there is. This is OUR thing. It must never be obvious to other people. I don't want you to make me stand or sit in full view of an open lavatory and do it in my knickers. People would know there's nothing stopping me from going to the lavatory so I must be doing it deliberately.

I don't mind anything else you want to do. Play tricks on me... Get me desperate to have a wee when you know there's a long queue, make me wait too long before I join it so I can't get to the lavatory in time. You can watch it all run down my legs in the queue!.. Lead me to a lavatory you know will be shut when I'm busting for a wee... If I go out wearing trousers, slyly put something on the zip so I can't take them down to have a wee... Even slip me a water pill, if you can get any, when we're going out so I can't get to a lavatory in time if you like... Anything you like so long as it LOOKS accidental to other people. I don't mind you making me have a wee in my knickers in a darkened theater but... Whatever else, let's keep the fact that it's all deliberate a PRIVATE thing.»

No problem with that, I certainly wouldn't want to share Jenny with ANYONE!

