Sherry And I Evening Together Part 6

10th August 2009, 04:18 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

As Sherry and I approached where my neighbors pond where many of us locals would swim Sherry said to me; Let's go for a swim! Even though the night air was cool the ponds water would feel warm. It always was at this time of the year. So Sherry grabbed my hand pulling me hard with her as she ran towards the pond.

She pulled me right over to the left side of the pond stopping right in the middle of the grassy area on the left side of the pond which we were right out in the open. Being so late at night now or I should say early morning no one would be up. So Sherry took her jeans right off and slipped her top right over her head. It took her what seemed to me only seconds to strip!

From the floodlights from one of the apartment houses that my neighbor owned provided enough light that I could see Sherry's very perky looking small but classic style breasts. They were like I said small but nice and round in shape. There were large dark circles at the base of her short but very fat nipples which looked right then they were very stiff looking. Sherry started to giggle pretty hard for I was giving her breasts a good looking over since this was the first time I had seen them. Like what you see? Sherry said to me. I smiled and I told her I did. I would like to taste them that would be better! Sherry still giggling told me I just might get to taste them!

Sherry stepped over to me and she took care of my jeans as I took my shirt off. JUst like her I was naked as quick as she was when she stripped. Then holding hands we ran down the grassy embankment and ran into the pond sending up a big splash when we ran into the water together. The water was warm too. We waded out to where the water took a deep drop off. Where this was the water on both of us was up to just above mid thigh on me and a litle higher on Sherry's thighs.

Sherry then pulled me around to face her. She pulled me tighly into her warm body with her breasts pressing hard into my chest. We stood there in the water and for the next few minutes we kissed, I fondled her breasts, and Sherry had a hand on my hard cock and was slowly jerking it off. Then Sherry let me take a taste of her tits by letting me suck on them!

Our foreplay went along for awhile as we stood there in the warm pond water. Now with Sherry playing with my hard cock along with playing with my balls too at the same time I hadn't pissed since before we had left the party. Now with her touching,stroking my cock, and playing with my balls I had to piss! I pulled my mouth away from her breast and I told Sherry I had to piss. So she and I both turned forward facing so that we were looking across the pond.

Sherry took a hold againg with her hand back on my erect cock with it pointing upward. Her other hand was down behind me with her fingers right through my asscrack and right on my balls holding them! I started to piss. My stream made a arc which made a trail move outward across the surface of the ponds water. This made ripples in the water which moved away from where my piss splashed in the water as it went forward. My stream managed to reach I would say a good six feet out in front of me and that's as far as it went.

After maybe 15 seconds standing still Sherry started to shiver. The air like I had said was cool and now being still only just holding my cock while I was pissing we weren't active as we just had been. Sherry told me to hurry up. I'm getting cold! she said to me. I gave a push making my piss stream rise and move forward about another half a foot in the water ahead of me. With my pushing,pissing harder it didn't take all that long to finish my piss.

My stream died out and Sherry even before I did finish pissing let go of my cock with her hand. So I finished pissing without myself or her holding my cock. Sherry quickly squated down in the warm water which warmed her up back up. When I stopped pissing which I did do several good spurts into the water Sherry was still squating and she reached right over puting both of her hands on my hips and turned my body to face her.

Then she slipped her open mouth right on to my cock and started giving me a bj right there as I stod in the water and she squated there in the water with me! Now in the still night air there was just the soft sound of the water splashing with Sherrys movement along with a occasional loud slurp or sucking air as she went on with her bj. Also There would be a louder occasionail splash when Sherry would stop sucking my cock take a mouthfull of the ponds warm water and sray it on my balls! Then she would laugh and go back sucking my cock!

Sherry didn't suck on me long enough so that I did't cum. She stood back up for she was plenty warmed up by this time again. She let me go back to sucking on her two tits and also let me start massaging her clit. We went like this for several minutes. Then I felt Sherry take a hold of my rect cok in her hand again. She told me to move my hand away from her pussy for a momnet which I did. Sherry stepped right up real close to me likewe had been when we first waded into the pond with her warm body tight up against me.

Sherry had pushed my cock down before she stepped up close to me and we now were kissing again. As we kissed all of a sudden I felt very warm liquid splash on my cock,balls and thighs along with a loud hiss! Sherry was pissing on me! Sherry broke our hard kiss as soon as she started her piss. That feel as warm as the pond or warmer? Sherry asked me with a big smile. Oh much warmer! I said back to her as I grabbed her asscheeks with my hands and smothered her mouth with a real hard kiss in return too. Sherry took a hard short piss this time but it still was a great feeling litle golden shower!

After Sherry stopped her piss we did finiaqly go for our swim. We both dove right in swam around the entre length of the pond three times. But we did stop and take breaks by either kissing ,me sucking on her tits,playing with her clit, or she would jerk me off a litle, play with my balls, and even suck on me for a short time too. I would have bet that took us almost another half hour to do.

Before we did get out of the water with all that we had been doing I had made Sherry climax with my sucking her tits and massaging her clit. Sherry returned the same favor for me. Once we were back in the shallow water she again squated in the water and and gave me a bj till just befor I shot my load. Sherry instead finished me off by jerking me off and I came spraying cum on her tits, down her body, and the last little bit on her pussy!

Then we got out of the water and raced bacdk up on shore and quickly got dressed. Then we walked to her house. Once at her house Sherry took me around back. She told me there was one more thing that shehad to do before she went inside. As we walked past the green shed and next to it was the old gren ouhouse I knew what Sherry had to do. As we stepped up inisde the old houthouse Sherry softly said to me; One last goodnight piss! I smiled and told her that I could do too.

Sherry pulled her jeans down and sat down on the wooden bech and the hole. I pulled my zipper down and got out my cock and pointed it at the space that Sherry had made by opening her thighs. Sherry beat me as she started to piss first. She piss hard which she made a loud hiss and the soft splashing of piss wetting the ground seemed loud too.

Then I started to piss sending a good strong stream of piss in the very front of the hole. My streaqm did miss Sherry's piss stream. For her stream must have been shooting straight down. Also my stream was not dead center as far as going down into the hole but was off just to the right. Now the splasing of two piss streams made the splashing louder as we both pissed.

Since Sherry was the first to start she was the first to stop. As her stream eased the loud hiss of her stream faded right out and stopped. Also the splashing was less with me now being the only one that was pissing once Sherry had stopped which she did in a few seconds after the hiss of her stream had stopped. Sherry sat there watching my stream waiting for me to finish. I cut my streamoff so I didn't empty my bladder completely.

