Reliving a Fantasy, and Real Life

4th May 2019, 05:14 AM

Author: JessPeeGirl1984

Location: NE USA (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 193

This story involves female incontinence, bedwetting, pants wetting, masturbation and lesbian themes. This is mostly a true story and I'm sharing it for the first time here. This is very personal for me. If you are into this, please read on....

Reliving a Fantasy, and Real Life

###

Since I was very young, I have had fantasies about being incontinent. I don't know why. Maybe I grew up too fast. I had to raise siblings from an early age because my Mom was not around and Dad was out-of-state. I feel like I missed out on just being care-free, and being irresponsible. For some strange reason I always wondered how interesting it would feel to have accidents... not be able to make it to a toilet, and go to the bathroom in my pants. I never did this before, but I found myself wanting to as I got older.... As I grew older into high school and into being an adult, I found myself wanting to 'lose control' of myself and potty was one way I thought I could let go and be care-free again. One day I lived out this thought, and my life has changed ever since....

I was 18 and about to graduate high school and I had my whole world in front of me. I was scared. I was excited. I was uncertain. I had been accepted at my choice university and I had 3 months until I moved out of town to go there. I finally came out to my family that I was gay. I always was. I started seeing a girl and we got caught kissing behind the school track and the word was out. I told my Mom and Dad over the phone, and I cried...they cried, and I feel like my whole world was collapsing, but expanding... All this happened at once, and I had to take Xanax for 3 months as I was having panic attacks and I was really on the edge of not being able to cope.

I had friends, a social life and everything was going so well for me....but I had a dark secret. I loved to pee my pants. I wet the bed. It was my 'thing'....where I'd hold it until I'd lose control of my bladder and have an accident (on purpose) and it made me feel so relaxed and I would masturbate after peeing myself. It was my way to feel 'un-adult' and to feel 'irresponsible,' and that was so good for me. When everyone was away I'd spend the summer having days where I didn't use a toilet, and I'd just go in my pants all day and pee in my bed and I felt like this was my way to explore my sexuality and to be free ...finally.

I began to actually 'lose control' of my body function where I'd have legit accidents and I began to feel like being incontinent was 'natural' and 'ok' and I longed for another person to share this with.... Kate, who I was seeing at the time, moved to California with her family and I found myself alone. This is when I really realized that I wanted to pee myself and that was what turned me on and made me feel relaxed. I told her one night over the phone that I like to pee my pants and she thought it was really weird, and we never talked about it again. We broke up a month later.

I lapsed into a deep depression in May and by June, my older sister moved out with her boyfriend and my Mom was seeing her boyfriend and I had the house to myself for 2 months. I smoked weed and I began to use alcohol. My first summer night alone, I put a plastic cover on my bed under my sheets. I was wearing a tank top, leggings and sandals. It was night. I walked out behind our house...crickets were singing, the air was humid, warm and the moon began to rise over the swampy cattails and prarie grass over the hill behind our house. I walked into the night air with a water bottle filled with alcohol and margarita mix. Something inside me just let go....like I suddenly felt free. I walked and walked...I must have been a mile away from my house, in the dark on this grassy trail and I had to pee so bad that I can't even describe it. I knew that there was no way I was going to make it back. I knew i was going to have an accident. I didn't care anymore. I wanted to have an accident

. I wanted to lose muscular control of my body, and soak my pants and just go.... It was within seconds that I began to pee and when i tried to 'hold' it back, the pee just kept going. My muscles to 'hold' were not working. I was having an accident

. I was 18...long past acceptable age to pee myself. I felt like I was starting to get turned on. I couldnt believe this was real. This was my first real incontinence as an adult. It was amazing. I began to feel wet inside. I wanted to touch myself. All the wetness and smell of my urine in my pants made me crazy to feel pleasure, and I began to fantasize about another woman and her peeing herself and what it would be like to see her and touch her as she was going on herself.

I knew I needed to get home and I was getting spooked. Coyotes howled and I heard strange noises that scared me. I even passed gas as I was so nervous. I peed my pants again and I had no control of it.

I finally got inside my house and i took off my pants and lied in bed in my panties and shirt. I didn't go pee in the toilet even though my bladder was full. I was tired. I was wondering if I fell asleep like this would I pee the bed? I used to pee the bed every day until I was in 6th grade. I hadn't again since. This night it happened....

I saw the moon peeking through my blinds. The crickets got louder outside my window. I smelled pee on my body from my accident that night. I went into a deep sleep. I had a dream about being at the lake. It was so amazing. So sunny. The sound of waves...

I woke up and the sun was trying to penetrate my window. There was a strong organic and ammonia and sweaty smell of pee in my nose. I felt cold. My shirt was wet and the whole lower half of my body was soaked in pee. I had peed the bed by accident. Once I realized what I had done, I had started to play with myself. I rubbed my pussy and my butt and I had 2 really intense orgasms. Within minutes I had to go pee again. Instead of getting up to go, I purposely held it in. I fell asleep partially and within an hour or so, it was so urgent that I was leaking involuntarily. I knew I would not have made it up to go, and my bladder loosened... and strong, warm, smelly morning pee filled my panties and sheets under me and the warmth made me excited again. I immediately touched myself, and rubbed my pussy and fingered in my bottom and came 3 times.

Fast forward 15 years. I now have overactive bladder with urge incontinence. I don't know if all the holding and playing caused this, but it is probably genetic as my Aunt is also incontinent. I wear adult diapers most days, but I still have not stopped LOVING pee, peeing myself or getting off on it, even thought many time it is inconvenient, scary and embarrassing. I peed my pants tonight after a glass of wine, and I think I would not mind if I peed my bed. Omg...i just can't get enough even thought I'm incontinent now. Be careful what you wish for....

To be continued...

