A very brief encounter... yet so horny!

19th June 2009, 03:07 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi !

I was twenty by the time. It was in the evening and I was at home feeling lonely and maybe a little bit itchy for something naughty. So I decided to take the train to the Big City and visit a gay-bar. I put on my sexiest under wear, nylon stockings, garter belt; the whole kit… And a short skirt, that barely covered the stocking tops, and a tank top (no bra, my nipples were clearly visible…).

On the train I drank vodka from a pocket flask that I brought in my handbag. When I arrived to the bar I was very merry… I ordered a pint of beer and sat down at a table. The train ride and the walk from the Central Station had made me very thirsty and pretty soon I was on my second pint. Sitting and drinking my beer I looked around. There were several girls whom I would consider to ask for a dance but I especially took notice of a cute girl with long, blonde hair, maybe a couple of years older than I. She sat alone at a table not far from me. Her skirt was even shorter than mine and sitting with her legs crossed she showed her thighs above her stocking tops.

To say the least; the view had an arousing impact on me! She had beer and beside a shot of some liquor and on the table were an empty beer tumbler and an empty shot glass as well. Interesting, I thought… I decided to ask her for a dance, but too late. She stood up and started to walk. Oh, she was heading towards me! She staggered a few steps but straightened up and came up to me. She took my hand and we went up to the dance floor. Neither of us was especially steady on our feet… It was a slow dance and when we began dancing she said:

- »I've been looking at you. You're so cute and sexy and I felt that I must dance with you. But I want to be honest, my girl friend will soon come… So… as much as I want more, it will be just a dance or two… But we could make them very nice, don't you think?»

My God, I thought! She seems to be as naughty as I! I hope…

- »Yeah, let's make them really nice and hot!» I whispered in her ear.

We danced away to a dark corner of the dance floor. We cuddled up to each other, we pressed our thighs in between the others and rubbed our pussies against them. I felt her hands stroking my bottom from my waist down then gripping my buttocks firmly. I gave tit for tat and when I reached down I pulled up her skirt and felt her bare skin. She moved one of her hands up in between us and caressed my breast. I sighed deeply! She put her hand inside my top and fondled with my left bare breast. I did the same to her. Her nipple was hard and protruding… She kissed me on my neck.

With bent knees we rubbed our pussies against the other's thigh. Our skirts had moved high up and I felt her warm and very damp pussy on my thigh, I just knew that my pussy must be as wet and sticky as hers… Oh, it felt so goood!!! We moaned loudly! I also felt that I had become very desperate to pee…

- »I got to pee», I whispered in her ear. «I'll soon pee myself…»

- »I too got to pee», she answered. «But I don't want to make a break now…»

- »But I'm going to wet my panties any minute now!»

- »Me too!» She answered.

And we went on «dancing»! Our hips moved back and forth and it was very hard to keep pace with the music...

- »I'm coming soon», she moaned.

- »Me too!»

We moaned and groaned! And then… The lower parts of our bodies started to live their own lives when we both came at the same time! We could hardly stand up on our feet. So I felt a warm flood on my thighs! She was peeing her self! And that made it… I too started to pee my panties

! We went on for ever! Peeing and coming! Orgasm after orgasm! When it all ebbed out we just stood there on the floor, hugging each other… When a voice was heard:

- »Britta! What are you doing!»

Obviously it was her girlfriend, catching us in flagrante delicto! Britta, which apparently was her name, started, let go of me and hastily pulled down her skirt. Her girlfriend grabbed her hand and hauled her away along the dance floor. Leaving me standing with my skirt up on my hips, showing my soaked panties and nylon stockings to everybody! Slowly I pulled down my skirt and with a satisfied smile on my lips I returned to my table. I was followed by many looks… I finished my beer and left the place. When I passed the bar counter, the barmaid said:

- »Welcome back! You were the attraction of the night!»

Your Yvette

