Helping a desperate girl with a stuck zipper!

17th December 2007, 05:27 AM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

A fantasy, but we can all dream...(keep your tongue in your cheek!)

We'd had a great evening in the pub - a meal, then downing a few pints and chatting and laughing till the cows come home! We'd been sharing banter with a group of women of various ages on the opposite table, obviously on a "girls night out" from work! One in particular took my eye - a woman of about 30, in jeans and a woolly jumper. We occasionally exchanged glances and embarrassed smiles!

But finally, it was time to leave. There was the normal queues for the loo, with the ladies - inevitably - being longer than the mens. I decided to wait till the gents was empty. It was a small country pub, and both toilets consisted of just a wash basin and a cubicle, which explained why the gents - as well as the ladies, had a "waiting list". The gents queue was already shrinking, so I nipped round to tell the guys I'd be 5 minutes, and to wait for me outside. By the time I got back to the men's room, the queue was gone, so I walked in. ENGAGED it said on the lock. "Damn" I thought. My need to pee was pretty urgent now, made all the worse because I'd already relaxed a little, thinking I'd walk straight in.

So I waited. And waited. I hadn't heard the guy pee, so I assumed he was finished and zipping up, but still the door remained closed. I moved closer to listen - maybe he'd fallen asleep! At that moment, the extractor fan - which had been whirring continuously - snapped shut. I stood in silence, but all I could hear were strange grunts and rustling sounds. Well, he clearly wasn't asleep! From the strange sounds, it occurred to me he might be whacking one off! This got me annoyed - he could do that in his own home if he needed too - I needed to pee! Finally I couldn't just stand there. I moved forwards and knocked on the door.

"Are you OK mate?" I decided to start diplomatically, just in case he was having genuine difficulties, or maybe was ill.

No reply. Again, I got annoyed. He could at least have the courtesy to answer, even if he was polishing his sausage.

"Look, mate, I'm getting pretty desperate out here, can you get a move on?"

Again no reply. It occurred to me that the grunting seemed quite high pitched, with occasional squeaks! It must be a young lad. Anyways, it didn't make any difference, I needed to pee. I knocked hard on the door.

"Look pal, I've been waiting long enough, can you zip up and come out?"

To say I was surprised at the response was an understatement. A very feminine voice replied, "Look, I've got a problem, can I trust you if I let you in?"

Taken aback I replied "OK". The door opened slowly, and the woman I'd noticed from the next table peaked out! She beckoned me into the cubicle.

"What's the problem?" I asked as she closed and locked the door behind me.

"I can't undo the fly on these jeans" She showed me the slider, which seemed well and truly jammed. "I'm getting pretty desperate now"

I wasn't quite sure how I was supposed to respond to this. Was she asking me to undo it or something? I felt the need to break the silence.

"Well, so am I". Huh? What a dufus thing to say.

"Please", she said, biting her lip. "This is embarrassing enough, can you try to shift it" indicating her fly.

I reached down to the zipper and tried to yank the slider down. It was well and truly jammed. I decided this needed more manipulation, and taking hold of the fly button in one hand, pulled the zip taught and tried pulling again.

"Ooh!" she squeaked, looking at me with a cheeky smile as I manhandled and yanked the poor girl around. It wasn't working. I decided to try pulling the zip taught from the bottom. This meant pressing against some pretty intimate parts of her anatomy, but needs must. I couldn't deny, I was quite enjoying it!

"Excuse me" I said in warning as I put my finger in the bottom of the zip flap and pulled.

"That's OK" she said smiling. I got the impression she was enjoying herself!

I started pulling sharply down to loosen the jammed metal. As I worked, I decided to ask her:

"Why didn't you go back to the ladies and get one of your friends to help you?"

"Well, I'd been watching you in the pub, and when I realised it was you waiting in the gents, decided this would be more fun!"

"Oh" I said, blushing beetroot red.

With the zip taught, I pulled again. I felt something move. Then with a loud "ZOOOP", the slider went down, taking some of the skin of my knuckle with it! I felt the burning pain, as the blood immediately started to rise. But the girl had her mind on other things. She immediately pulled her jeans and panties down in one movement, sat on the toilet and let go! It was a torrent! She looked up at me, smiling broadly.

"Didn't you want to go too?" she smiled. "I think you deserve the favour returned"

With that, she pulled me forwards, and reached for my fly! Mine - in contrast -opened easily, and she reached inside for my (slightly swollen) penis.

"Ooh, you've hurt your hand" she went on. "Let me help you."

'What the hell' I thought, and as she took my growing member in her right hand, relaxed my burning urinary sphincter. My stream burst forth as she spread her legs to give it free passage. My stream hit hers, which was just finishing. She now decided, she needed 2 hands to aim, which given my rapidly changing blood distribution was a sensible precaution...

***

...the guys seemed surprised when, 5 minutes later, I told them I'd get my own taxi home.

As it arrived, I bid them goodnight, and didn't even answer when Brian called out "Er, there's some woman getting in your taxi mate."

We got back to my place and had the most passionate, erotic sex imaginable. We both needed to pee twice more, and made sure we shared the pleasure!

Thinking back, maybe I should have asked her her name...

