The Neighbor Girls, Chap. 4

7th December 2010, 06:31 AM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

If you need to know more about my neighbors, read the first three chapters. It'll help. While I had neighbors who were a lot like these ladies, I have taken certain liberties with the story.

Janice Makes Me Crazy

I only had to wait a couple of weeks until I caught Janice wetting in her panties again. Carolyn and I were studying early on Saturday afternoon when Melody and Janice returned from the mall. Melody was eager to show us they're new things and came into the bedroom holding up a cute summer dress. She was thrilled with the way it looked but perturbed at the crowds during the special sale. Melody just saying, "there were lines for everything, especially the ladies room, so you can just guess, mom wasn't happy.

We were in March's Ladies Store, looking at a dress display when I noticed her just standing there staring at nothing in particular. You know how she is and won't say when she needs to go, but there was a little puddle near her heels. She looked casually down at her feet, acting as though the wetness wasn't hers. We stepped away, continuing shopping until we found our cute, new outfits. I was thinking the whole time I should have suggested she buy fresh panties. Now, please don't let her know I said anything."

Janice came into the room a few minutes later sharing her opinions about the stuff they'd bought. I couldn't miss using the opportunity to check out her butt while it was encased in a tight, knee length grey skirt. I didn't stop watching as she turned, while bending over to put a package on the bed. There was a saucer sized stain right where the double crotch band of her panties made contact with the seat of her skirt. The dried wetness suggested that it was several hours old. No doubt, she'd simply peed in her panties while shopping and now didn't seem to care. For the next ten minutes or so they hung out with us, later leaving Carolyn and I to finish our chemistry lesson. I'd used every opportunity to examine her shapely ass while she was helping Melody open packages. My breathing became labored and I was really dying for any opportunity to look a little further up those long legs of hers. I had to find out more.

The cutest thing about Janice was the way she sometimes dressed, even when I was around. Now and then she would spend the afternoon just hanging about the house and pool area wearing one of her ex husband's white long sleeve dress shirts, open at the top with the tails barely reaching the bottom of her ass. The shirt was usually only lightly buttoned and it was easy to see a lot of skin. It was like she wanted to play a little game of peak-a-boo and I often felt like she was doing it at my expense. Under the white shirt she often wore her high cut control panties, the ones that accentuated the cleft in her pussy while showing a lot more of her leg. She seemed rather perky today, wearing a matching low cut bra that did everything to show off her beautiful breasts. 

A pair of grey four inch heels were the finishing touch. This afternoon was a little different however, I realized that all she did after shopping was step out of her blouse and skirt, not bothering to change the beige panties she had been wearing at the mall. I wasn't missing this, had Janice forgotten or did she just not care that she'd wet her pants? Anyway, Carolyn and I were sitting at a table when she walked out onto the deck with a glass of wine and a lit cigarette. Before she could take a seat in a large cushioned chair I got a perfect look at the yellow stain on her beautiful rounded butt. I couldn't miss staring at her each time she stood up and wiggled her ass over to the bar to get another glass of wine. The dried evidence was somewhat circular over its source on the front of her panties, while kind of pointy shaped on her rear. It was really obvious and suggested that her pussy must have gotten a good soaking while they shopped. I surmised that she might be one of those women that when she pees in her panties, the pee mostly soaks up her butt.

A couple of hours of this and I slipped home to change my pants, but just could not stay away. I returned, because I had to have more of this beautiful women lounging around in her urine stained panties. We were still hanging near the pool and I think Janice was starting to feel pretty loose from the wine. I noticed her rocking her high heels as she sat reading. She was almost in rhythm, variously straightening, recrossing and flexing her legs. This went on for perhaps a half hour, all barely noticed by the girls. 

Finally her body stiffened and while giving off an almost inaudible sigh, just froze, before relaxing again and settling back in her chair. Janice caught me staring, but timidly nodded in my direction with her usual sexy smile and a wink. She knew. Returning to her 'Ladies Home Journal' I saw her spread her legs slightly as though she was examining her panties. Settling into her seat, she spent the next half hour relaxing while talking to us about the shopping trip, never once leaving her chair.

I continued hanging about the pool area, using every opportunity to check out Janice while maintaining a half interest in Carolyn and Melody. Finally, just before dinner, Janice got up from her chair to return to the house. She just stood, bent over slightly and flipped the seat cushion over, before walking off. I couldn't stop watching her butt while crossing the patio, it was easy to see a fresh wetness mapped across the seat of her panties. Immediately realizing that while watching her earlier, she'd just been sitting there wetting, all the while working up to an orgasm. Discreetly she reached around and in one motion, lifted the rear of her shirt to pull her wet panties back over her rounded bottom cheeks. That little gesture along with the sight of this beautiful long legged brunet in heels finished off my second pair of jeans for the afternoon. I was now convinced that it just had to be 'her thing' to do it that way.

Surely, she was quite aware that she'd thoroughly wet herself again and must have felt it was time to think about changing out of her re-peed undies. Janice disappeared into her bedroom, returning a few minutes later. By all appearances she must have been primping in front of her mirror, she'd redone her make-up and even though she was dressed the same, her panties were now fresh and white. I knew I'd be visiting the laundry.

That night I was able to steal those beige panties and you can imagine what I did with them for the next two weeks. It was then that I foolishly returned the still badly stained evidence to her laundry room. I'm almost sure it was nothing more than a signal to Janice as to where they had been.

My life was now totally ruined by this women and her daughters. Thanks ladies.

