Cute, drunken girl peed her panties at my bar

8th September 2008, 03:55 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

I've told before that I work part time as a barmaid to finance my studies. It's a job that suits me very well, hehe!... Pee accidents aren't uncommon! Today I just have to tell you about one that happened the other night.

It was after closing time and all our guests had left the bar. No... not everyone... When I looked around I discovered a girl sitting at a table in the back. I went to her and told her that the bar had closed and that she had to leave. Then she began to cry! I asked her what was the matter. She sobbed:

- "I've been waiting to tell you... I didn't want anyone else to overhear it... It's so embarrassing..."

I looked curiously at her. She was a very cute girl, about twenty years old, wearing a red skirt and a navy blue blouse. I also noticed that she was pretty drunk.

- "Don't be afraid! You can tell me... I won't tell anyone..."

- "I... I... I've peed myself! I couldn't help it... and... and... the chair is wet! I've ruined the chair... Oh... I'm so... so sorry! I'll pay for the damage and the cleaning..."

- "Don't worry! The cleaner will soon come and she'll take care of it. And the chair isn't ruined... It would be very unpractical if our chairs couldn't stand being peed on... you know... people having a lot of beer and accidents happen! But what about you? Can you make it home by yourself? Where do you live?"

- "I live at Sturegatan."

- "Oh, it's not far from here... and it's not far from where I live. If you like, we could keep company on the way... I'm leaving in a couple of minutes... I'll just leave a note to the cleaner about your chair so she'll clean it!"

Five minutes later we found her jacket in the cloakroom and left the bar. She was so tipsy that she couldn't walk straight. I put an arm around her to steady her up. She told me her name was Petra. She was very nice and soon we were chatting like old friends!

When we were passing a small park, she suddenly stopped, her face having a strange expression... She put a hand between her legs and pressed it against her crotch!

- "Oh, no...! No!! I think I'm going to pee myself again!! Noooo... nooo!!!"

She lifted her skirt high up and parted her legs. And yes!! She started to pee her panties

! Uncontrollably... Pee rushed through her already wet panties

! Oh, my god! It was such a cute, sexy and arousing sight!!!! She was wearing black nylon stockings and a blue garterbelt... I got totally excited! But she started to cry again.

- "I can't help it! I.. I didn't notice it was c... coming... I'm so.. so embarrassed!!"

- "Don't be! It could happen to anyone! It happens to me all the time!! I'm almost desperate right now... Do you mind if I pee my panties too?" I laughed silently at myself... Never thought I would ask anyone such a question in such a polite manner!!! But she answered me in a drunkenly gallant way:

- "Oh, please! I don't mind at all!" And she didn't cry anymore...

So I pulled up my skirt and standing, legs apart, in front of her, I began peeing myself! Still peeing she looked at me... It felt so exciting... I just had to put a hand between my thighs and start rubbing my pussy outside my panties

, pee streaming between my fingers! And almost like not knowing what she was doing, she too started to caress her pussy! And there we stood... two girls masturbating and peeing in front of each other! In a public park!! But then, still peeing, I took her by the hand (not the one on her pussy, lol!) and led her to a nearby bench, where we sat down and hugged and kissed and caressed each other! My hand found it's way down to her wet panties and with my other hand I guided her hand in between my thighs and up to my soaking pussy!! As it happened, she knew very well what to do with her hand on my pussy!! And, of course, I knew what to do with my hand! We panted and moaned and it didn't take long before we screamed and came in vehemently orgasms!!!

As Lisa was staying at my apartment and Petra lived at her parents, we kissed farewell outside her house.. But we will meet again!!!

Darn, my pussy is wet!!! It always happens when I'm writing a story and revive the event! My panties are soaked from my pussy juices! I got to do something about it... But first I think I'll delute the juices with some pee... Oh, it feels so nice... I'm trickling drop after drop... now I increase to a rivulet... It looks so nice... And... ok! Time for the big torrent!!! Yesss!!! It's shooting out trough my panties!! A mighty flow!!! Oh, yessss!!! It's hitting my clit!!! I'd a really full bladder and it goes on for ever and ever!!! Ooooo!!! Eeeeee!!! scrrtchhlknkll!!! I'm coming!!! Oooops!!! I hit the floor!! I fell off my chair... my whole body's quivering!!! And yet I didn't touch my pussy with my hand... it's just the pee... the torrents of pee!!! It's so wonderful!! It's undescribable!!! I'm lying in a huge puddle, splashing pee with hands and feet!! (this happened just minutes ago... I'm still panting... )

Your very wet and satisfied Yvette!!

