/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-6/38346/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 6

8th November 2009, 05:17 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Luise and I got into dancing when we got back from taking our piss oudide nside the old wooden sighn. With our dancing making us thirsty we went through the first pitcher and were well working on our second pitcher. We danced to all the fast songs and slow songs too. We were having a lot of fun. The band took a seocnd break which would be the last one they would take and we needed to take a break as well. Luise started heading out to the bar and towards the back door of the place with me right behind her. I knew she was hading for the old sighn again!

Luise was in a desperate state as far as needing to piss this time. If she hadn't been she would have aited for me and we would have stayed together and walked over to the sighn. She was in a big hurry for she was running taking baby steps as she ran and she had both of her hands shoved into the crotch of her sweatpants as she ran! She did wait at the small door of the wooden sighn for she couyldn't take her hands out of the crotch of her pants to open it! She stood there bouncing up and down til;l I got there and opened the door for her.

She stepped through the open door and got inside just far enough to let me inside with her. Oh I really have to go! She said loudly to me. She was standing there bouncing up and down with her hands shoved into the crotch of her grey sweatpants. She then spun arond bouncing at the same time a few times. Then she stopped. Help me Victor before I piss my pants! Luise yelled at me.

So what I did was get behind her pulled the back of her sweatpants down over her ass which pulled the sweatpants out from her hands too in the front. I yanked them down about halfway down her thighs in my one hard pull. Now Luise was standing there like this with her hands stil shoved up into her crotch over her pussy!

Luise started to lower herself down and right as she did piss started flowing with it running between her fingers of her hands! This was only for the first very short few seconds as she went down in a squat. It was enough so that her hands did get very wet with piss. She yanked them out and now wwith nothing bloking her pussy her piss stream just gushed right out going straight down to the ground.

Luise said loudly as she pulled her hands out of her crotch; I pissed all over my hands. She shook them hard sending the piss that was on her hands and fingers all over the place. She also then once she had squated took them and rubbed her hands in the tall grass by the one wall of the sighn to wipe the piss off from them. Meanwhile her stream kept gushing from her pussy now had wetted the dirt enough again that a puddle had formed and was spreading around on the diort getting larger.

Luise now looked at her sweatpants. She let out a sigh and told me at least she hadn't pissed on them. She hadn't as I also looked them over as she did. Then she let out a little laugh. Victor next time I'm not going to wait! When I have to go I'm going to go! I smiled. Luise pissed hard for ashort time longer and then her stream slowed thinning down and then it stopped.

Luise reached down grabbed her greysweatpants poulled them up some as she stood up and stepped forward away from her piss puddle. Then she took her grey sweatpants right off! She turned and hung them up on the inisde latch of the little door and turned around facing me. She stepped over to me gave me a hard kiss and a hard hug. Thanks for helping me she siad to me first.

Then she stepped back away a little and as she dd she reached down to my belt yanked on it and also said to me; I saved you some! She kissed me hard again as she popped the snap on my jeans and yanked own hard the zipper on my jeans. As she did this I rememered that the next time we had come out to piss Luise promiosed something more. This is what was to be something more!

Now my jeans and boxers were pulled down. Luise helped me take them both the rest of the way off from me. I wasn't fully rect and Luise seeing that I wasn;t but my ock was getting there it was doing its bouncing up and down act which made Luise laugh. She stood back up and took her top off now. As sh huing it up with her sweatpants she told me she didn't want me to piss on it.

She then turned back around and this time she squated down in front of me in a high sqaut. My cock was still bouncing and she told me to start pissing! I gave gave a nudge of a push and out came my [iss stream! It came out as my cock was going downward so my piss hit at her belly button went down to her pussy and when my cock started its upward swin again my piss traveled with my cocks motion and my piss splashed on her going past her belly button and up to her breasts wetting them.

Luise giggled loudly as I showered her down. My cock was bouncing less very fast so I wound up holding it and moving it with my hand as I pissed on Luise. She delighted having her pussy,clit and her tits nipples wetted with my piss. Then as all good things do have to come to a end I stopped pissing. Now Luise stood up. Now you get mine she said to me.

Luise took my cock in her hand but didn't move over it at first. She took her other hand and cupped it under her pussy first! As I watched she took a short pissing spurt in her hand that was cupped under her pussy. Then she took that hand and she wiped her own piss all over her tits and nipples! Then she took the step forward telling me to lick her tits off! as she took the step forward. I eagerly did just that! As I licked her tits off I tatsed her piss and most likely some of mine too but that didn't matter at all!

Now as I licked off her pissy tits I felt warm piss on my cock! Luise was now pissing on it! She was holding it making sure again like before she was getting all of it! She did too along with my balls too! Right after she was done giving my shower. She jumped right up on me! Luise almost did knock me over with her sudden hard hop on to me but I did catch my balance without falling.

Ihad pulled up and away with this sudden movement by her so I was no longer licking at her tits. I felt Luise reach ofr my ock again and she shover it right up into her pussy slipping it well up inside of it! Then she said to simple words to me; Fuck me! I started to. But as I thrusted and she thrusted I did move over so that Luise's ass pressed on the inisde wooden wall of the sighn. That helped me in holding her and as we screwed her ass bumped into the side of the wooden sighns wall making a dull thump as it hoit into it.

The thumping got louder for we started going harder. Luise also had managed to take her hand that was first holding my ock and she would at times get a hold of my flopping bouncing swaying balls with it and squeeze them. I also got a finger down on her clit and was giving it a good massage along with I was back on her tits working each one by sucking on the nipples taking turns on each one of them. Doing this Luise grunted and moaned on each thrust of our bodies along with a loud thud as her ass hit into the wooden wall of the sighn.

We went fast and hard but for how long I didn't know. But when Luise reached her climax she really let go! She thrusted so fast and hgard that she shook me backward so that her ass no longer hit the sighns wall. It felt like she had me in a deathgrip as far as her legs that were wrapped around me. She was screaming loudly as she shook on me. I felt liquid oozing out all over my cock as I still was plunging in and out of her. My cock got throughly soaked along with my balls with her cum!

With all her reactions happening I shot right after her! Feeling my twitching cock shooting my hot cum deep into her pussy Luise clamped harder into me with her ;legs which I thought she could not get any tighter with them but she did! She even screamed louder as each oneof my hot lodas went inside of her. She shook harder too. She went like this untill I was drained right out. I even did several dry loads to after I had stopped shooting my cum into her.

Then Luise went completely limp. I too was very weakend by all our action. I stumbled luckily forward which Luise went up back on the side of the sighns inner wall. That was what now was supporting us now as we both were spent and breathing very heavily. We did catch our breath. We looked at each other smiling weakly. We then started kissing until my cock went totaly limp and slipped out from her hot wet pussy.

