Just one of those days... When you got to... Part 2

13th June 2009, 10:38 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody !

&#65279;Continuation of my story »Just one of those days... When you got to...»

What happened next? Well, I left the girls to continue their picnic and went back to my car to put on a fresh pair of panties

(I usually bring some extra panties in case of need...). When I strolled across the lawn I felt very merry, now and then hopping and dancing and waving my soaked panties in the air! I smiled at people I met, I was in such high spirits after my adventure! And I wanted more, MORE!! I was still so horny... I felt no barriers whatsoever... I felt that I could do anything to meet my urgent needs.

I opened the door to my car and reached for clean panties in a bag. Then I heard a voice:

- »Please, can you tell me where »Waldemarsudde» is?»

I turned around with the clean panties in one hand and the soaked ones in my other. It was a posh lady in her early thirties.

- »Just a second, I've to put on fresh panties first. I've just had an accident in these!»

I smiled at her, waved my wet panties and put them on the car roof. Then I pulled up my skirt, exposing my bare pussy, pee drops still glittering in my pubic hair, to her. Slowly I stepped in to the clean panties and pulled them up. Just as slowly I let down the skirt and smoothed it out. She looked at me with an open mouth (which didn't look very posh... ).When I was finished, I most courteously gave her directions how to find »Waldemarsudde». She sort of stumbled away in the direction I'd given her.

And now I was even more aroused! What would I do about it? In order to think about it and also to refill my bladder I went to a nearby open-air cafй, where I ordered a Napoleon (a Millefeuilles slice),three Danish pastry(that particular cafй is famous for its Danish pastry...), a pot of coffee and a large coke. I sat in the shadow of a flowering apple tree and felt SO good! When I'd eaten up and finished the pot of coffee, I felt a bit drowsy. I leaned back with half-closed eyes and sipped my coke.

I felt my bladder quickly filling up. It was such an arousing feeling, making me anticipating pleasures to come. Automatically, not really aware of what I was doing, one hand found its way down to my lap, caressing my thigh from my knee and up, pulling my skirt with it. I love the feeling of stroking my nylon stockings! I reached the stocking top and followed the garter, caressing the bare and oh, so sensitive, smooth skin slowly, teasingly, higher and higher... I moaned... Good heavens! The surroundings seemed to fade away... Suddenly a wince went through my entire body! From nowhere an orgasm hit me! It wasn't the explosive, earthquaking kind... it was a soft and sweet and warm orgasm, making me feel happy and content! And it came just from stroking my thigh! I let my hand rest on my thigh and had a big gulp from my coke.

I opened my eyes and started! At a nearby table, which before was empty, now sat two young women, who looked to be Japanese. Probably tourists, there are always many Japanese tourists visiting Stockholm. And they were looking at me! Or, more correctly, staring at me... They must have seen me come! And heard me moan! I didn't know what to do... They were guests in my country... I'd become so aroused by being caught in the act like that and my first - automatic - reaction was to move my hand to my pussy and rub... But then I thought... What would they think about Swedish girls if I went on... Wouldn't such an impudent behavior give us a bad reputation? Reluctantly I pulled down my skirt. I turned to them in English, hoping they would understand:

- »I'm so, so very sorry! I fell asleep and was dreaming... I wasn't aware... I couldn't help it! Oh, I hope I haven't offended you!»

- »Oh, of course not», said one of them with a nice smile. »You can't be responsible for your dreams.And, besides, it seemed to be a nice dream!»

The other woman nodded and smiled too. But I finished my coke in a hurry and left the cafй. It was kind of embarrassing though...

By now I was pretty desperate to pee again and I was going to do something about it... But... it's late in the night again and I've to go to bed soon. I'll tell you what followed an other time!

Till then!

Yvette

