A Nice Camping Trip (Part Two)

28th June 2007, 11:34 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Again, this story is completely fictional. Here's part two.

I did not have to wait long for the trip to get more interesting. That night, the sky seemed to open up and dump gallons upon gallons of rain. Luckily, our tent was well protected, so we did not have any problems with getting wet. Well, not from the rain, anyway.

Late into the night, probably 1:30 or so, my wife nudged me awake. I stared around groggily and realized that the rain had still not let up. «What's wrong?» I asked.

«I've got to pee,» she said. She looked genuinely distressed, as if she had been holding it for hours, and I wondered how long she had been sitting up, contemplating what to do.

«Well, what are you telling me for? You know where the bathrooms are.» I closed my eyes and tried to get back to sleep.

«But it's pouring down the rain, and you know it's not a short walk. I'll get soaked.»

«If you stay here, you'll get soaked, and I probably will, too,» I said, not opening my eyes.

«Well, what am I going to do?» she asked, now even more distressed. Her hands were between her legs, holding on for dear life.

«I don't know.»

«Oooh, God, I've got to pee. I don't know what to do.» I opened my eyes again and tried to think of an idea. I glanced around in the dimness of the tent and finally spotted our wet clothes from our time at the pool on the first day. A slightly damp towel was draped across one of our bags.

«I have an idea.» I reached in the darkness until my hands made contact with the towel and I handed it to her.

«No,» she said, «no, no, hell no. I'm not peeing in here. And I'm not ruining a towel.»

«It's wet anyway,» I said.

«I think I'd rather walk in the rain to the bathrooms.»

«Fine, go ahead. You'll have to put some pants on and when you get back, you'll be soaking wet, so you'll have to find dry clothes to sleep in…»

«Alright, alright,» she interrupted, «I see your point. Oh, God, I can't believe I'm doing this.» She took the towel and folded it a few times, then placed it under her bottom. «I'm going to lay down and do this,» she said. She stretched out on her back and pulled the top of the sleeping bag over her.

«Why?» I asked.

«So you can't watch. This is too embarrassing.»

«What's the big deal? I've seen you pee hundreds of times. We're married.»

«Yeah, but this is different. This is just… weird. Just go back to sleep. I can't go if I'm talking to you.»

«Fine,» I said. I lay back down on my back and closed my eyes. A few seconds later, however, I opened them again.

She was still lying on her back, covers pulled up to her chest. Her knees were slightly elevated and apart. I watched as she closed her eyes and a light moan escaped her lips. Then, I could hear a soft hissing sound coming from beneath the sleeping bag. The sound of her pee pattering against the towel was one of the greatest sounds I had ever heard. She moaned again as the sound grew slightly louder. It was then that I remembered that I had not seen her remove her underwear.

«Oh my God,» she said, apparently no longer caring if I was watching or listening. «I left my panties on. I had to go so bad, I didn't even think about it.» My penis grew hard again when she said this.

«Too late now,» I said. Her eyes were still shut as the hissing sound continued.

«I don't… really… care,» she said, panting, as the pattering sound grew louder.

«How does it feel?» I asked.

«Really… great,» she managed. «Oh, God, you have no idea how long I was holding that.» I didn't know and didn't care. My ears were perked to the soft hissing sound that continued to rise from beneath the covers and I tried to imagine what it looked like, streaming from between her legs, soaking her red panties and saturating the towel underneath her. She moaned once more as the sound faded and I knew she was finished.

Her eyes remained closed as she rolled over on her side to face me. «Aren't you going to clean up, or move the towel, or something?» I asked.

«Too tired,» she mumbled. God, she was so amazing. I pretended to stretch and lifted the blanket a little to see if I could catch a glimpse of her panties and the wet spot that I knew was there, but there was no light under the blanket. So, all was left to the imagination, which is still great. I closed my eyes and tried to repeat the moment in my head. The sound of her moaning put me to sleep.

