A Story For Kaele1gh - part 7

3rd July 2010, 05:54 PM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

Lying beside one another, we woke up to a light rain. I think we both would have stayed in the tent a little longer had it not been for the fact that we had another long drive today. Firing up the stove, we filled the kettle with water and set it to boil to make tea. As we waited for that first cup, we were surprised how cool the rain was making us feel. And, of course, we both needed to pee.

It had become our morning ritual to step out of our tent, walk a few steps into the dust and empty our usually all too full bladders together. Kaele1gh would call it her waking-up pee and, she said it was often her favorite part of the day, especially if her fullness had made her all tingly.

These last few days it had usually led to other things, such as touching and licking and now full-blown sex, which were also favorite things, as well.

So, as we stepped off into the dust, she pulled down my shorts and grabbed at my cock. Kaele1gh had loved to hold me and, in the past two weeks, she'd learned to do so more gently. In turn, I had gotten better at learning to relax myself, not getting so aroused I was unable to piss.

This morning it was very easy for me. My bladder was especially full and, when she pulled me into her, I let go within seconds all over her pussy. Her breathing got rapid and irregular and she shook slightly as she let couple soft moans escape.

Then, it was her turn. Between the pee and her own juices, she was already dripping. I put my fingers on her lips, slightly pulled them apart and she emptied her warm wetness all over me. We rubbed ourselves a little on the spot, and knowing we both were about to cum, stumbled back to the tent where we finished things off.

Savoring those delightful intimate moments, we finally got up, walked to the stove, shut it off and poured ourselves cups of tea. In the cool and damp of the morning, we quickly drank it down, then poured ourselves second ones as we packed up our gear and took down the tent.

By the time we got the landrover loaded, the rain had become a steady drizzle. We were underway shortly after eight. It was a good five-hour drive back to Johannesburg, maybe a little longer in this rain. As long as this storm didn't flood out the roads, there would be plenty of time for us to make our way to our hotel, check in and get ready for tonight's awards dinner. Kaele1gh was being honored this evening by her foundation in recognition of her community empowerment programs and she'd invited me as her guest. I felt privileged and excited to be a part of something so important to her.

During the drive we'd been talking almost nonstop about the evening's program. Kaele1gh listed the names of those who were going to be there, especially her sponsors, as well as the ones I should make a point to talk with, who else would be receiving awards tonight and what their projects were. Once again, she was more than holding up her share of the conversation. True, I contributed to the discussion by probably going into more detail than what I needed to about what I'd filmed over the past two weeks. Yes, I was proud of what I had accomplished, and knew it would make for an excellent production, but somehow I felt that I'd been inspired to do a great job and I babbled on at great length.

Of course, what neither she nor I could bring ourselves to discuss was the obvious, that I'd be flying home tomorrow and there was no telling when I'd be coming back. But, no sense dwelling on this, when we could be enjoying these moments. Kaeleigh was just too upbeat to let our last hours together end on a down note. Besides, it seemed like both of us were working on some way to get together again in the not-so-distant future.

We must have been a couple hours into the drive, when I realized the tea had caught up with me and I needed a stop. I motioned to Kaele1gh to pull over to the side of the road.

She looked back at me, flashing another naughty smile.

«Good, cause I'm bursting, too. And, I'm up for one last powerpiss challenge with you. Loser buys us a big, fancy breakfast in the hotel tomorrow. Since it will be our last meal together, at least for a while, we might as well go out in high style.»

We got off the road a couple hundred yards further up and stepped out of the landy. While the rain had let up, the ground was muddy. Kaele1gh set off a couple steps in front of me, heading towards the tallest tree in sight. It was maybe forty feet high and almost a foot and a half in diameter. Even better for her, it was leaning just enough from vertical that she could set her butt and back against it to put a little more power into her pee.

Walking up to the trunk, she fit herself against it, hiked up her dress and pulled her panties to the side. Angling her hips forward, she let go a couple spurts that traveled perhaps a couple feet. Though I should have known better, for a few seconds I thought I might have easily won. Then, pushing from her abs, she forced herself into full flow, launching an arc that traveled easily ten feet. It was definitely the farthest I'd seen her pee and likely up there with my better efforts.

Determined not to be outdone, I unzipped and aimed in the direction of her stream. While I probably pushed as hard as I could, I couldn't piss more than a foot past the puddle she was making. I would have won, too, but today she put her hands over her bladder and pushed the last pee out of her, sailing past mine by several inches. I was beaten.

Not that I had done this all THAT often, but it was the first time I'd lost a women. Even in defeat, I wanted to be a good sport. After all, Kaele1gh rightfully earned this victory.

«How about a congratulatory kiss for the winner,» I offered.

«And, on the lips,» she countered.

Ever the cunning linguist, I added, «Well, if I'm licked, you're going to be, too.»

We spent the next several minutes teasing and pleasing each other, well, at least enough to take the edge off for the moment, then walked back to the landy and got in. Kaele1gh started the engine and put it into low gear, but we were stuck in the soft ground. She tried a higher gear and kept the revs down to minimize slipping, only with the same effect. Rocking the vehicle shifting from forward to reverse and back again wasn't appearing to help, either. I was about to step out and walk to the rear and push us out of the mud, when the tires finally caught on a bit of ground solid enough to get us moving and back out onto the road.

She looked over at me. «Just so you know, we're not stopping again. I sure hope you can hold it the rest of the way.» Looking back at her, I was sure I could see that wicked smile once again.

«Of course,» I replied, though I wasn't necessarily convinced. «And, you too.»

Maintaining eye contact with me, she took a long swig from the water bottle. I did the same. We hadn't played the holding game for a few days now.

Normally the trip would be about another three hours, but now the rain was falling hard and steady and it was going to be at least half again as long, likely two or more times longer. We filled the time with conversation and our usual banter. The minutes flew past. Another good two hours, maybe three had gone by and we still had a long ways to go. I could feel my bladder beginning to fill once again, so there was no way I'd make it to the hotel. And, from the way Kaele1gh was moving about her seat, I was pretty sure she was in the same way.

Yet, she still continued to drink from her water bottle, not gulps now but a sip or two every few minutes. Shifting about once again, she changed the topic to a, er, more pressing one.

«I'm on my second bottle since the last stop, so I'm now feeling nice and full. I'd guess you're there, too. I'm going to hold myself in as long as I can, then slowly let it leak out. Much as I just love to powerpiss, I really enjoy a nice slow trickle. Since we've got a good couple more hours before we can stop, I'm going to make the most of this time.»

Then she added, staring directly at me to sure got her message, «By the way, I'm usually so horny after doing this that I end up having to take care of things. So, grab a towel from my black bag in the back. And, if you want to play along, maybe you better take one for yourself.»

I grabbed two towels from the bag and handed her one. She lifted herself off the seat, hiked up the back of her dress, placed the towel underneath her and then sat back down. I put the other one on my seat.

We hadn't gone more than another fifteen minutes when I realized I couldn't hold it any longer. Reaching down, I unbuttoned my pants and pulled them below my knees. As I sat in my underwear, Kaele1gh spoke up once again. «I was just about to let go, too. Why don't we do this together?»

She pulled up the front of her dress so I could see her white panties. Then she let go a few drops that left a moist spot, then a few more. Slowly, she repeated this until the whole front of her panties were translucent and I could make out her curly red pubic hairs. I was almost aroused enough that I couldn't pee.

But, somehow I did. I released a spurt that wet the front of my briefs, then held it back long enough to feel the pressure build again. I let a little more out. This time Kaele1gh caught a glimpse of me and I thought she was going to drive us off the road.

She giggled and wet her panties some more. Laughing, I did the same.

***

It was late afternoon when we reached Johannesburg. We found the hotel, pulled into the lot and parked. It was still a downpour, and we sat, not opening the doors until there was a break in the rain. Waiting until we finally found one, we got out and ran across the lot into the lobby and over to the registration desk. We were drenched, inside and out.

We had originally booked our rooms separately, but now that we were sleeping together, we only needed one. Kaele1gh had called a few days before and exchanged the two we'd rerserved for an upgraded one. The hotel must have needed the rooms for tonight's reception, as seemed most happy to oblige, and they not only traded us out for a king-size room with whirlpool, but sent along a bottle of wine and plate of fruit. Then again, maybe the credit should have gone to Kaele1gh's negotiating skills.

We got to the room. After two weeks of living in tents, we were almost unaccustomed to such accommodations. But, we quickly adapted, as we set down our bags, tore off our wet things and threw ourselves on top of the largest bed we'd seen in ages.

The afternoon's trickling had made Kaele1gh especially playful. She was aroused in a way I'd only seen her once before, the day we were at the waterfall. Our hands quickly found each other and, hearts racing, we went through the usual explorations.

I'm afraid I wasn't much for long foreplay this time, but Kaele1gh didn't seem to care. After the long drive, a mind-blowing orgasm seemed to be more needed. As aroused as she was, it took only minutes to arrive. But, while one was very, very good, two would be even better, and we worked our way towards making that happen. When it did, we were spent and collapsed into one another.

I don't know how long we had been asleep, but we awoke with the fear we had slept through our engagement. I looked at the clock. We had less than half an hour to shower and dress.

Racing to the bathroom, we jumped into the shower and enjoyed one of the niceties of a luxury room, a bath big enough for two.

We both had to pee and, keeping to our «no toilets» rule, gave ourselves a second shower. While we were pressed for time, I made sure her breasts and pussy were well-washed. Returning the favor, she sent her powerful stream across my cock, balls and ass. The extra minutes we spent on this most intimate personal care were well worth it. If only we had not been in such a rush.

Kaele1gh washed and conditioned her hair, then started to work on her face. It was only the second time I'd seen her in make-up and, despite her regularly going without, she was both fast and good. I'd scarcely got my tie knotted before she was ready to dress. Another five minutes and we headed out the door. Taking a look at each other, she commented, «Boy, do we clean up nicely.»

***

Surprisingly, we got downstairs to the reception only a few minutes late. Right away Kaele1gh introduced me to the director of the foundation, a couple members of the board and at least four sponsors. She did a great job steering the conversation towards what I had been doing the past two weeks and how the documentary would give the organization greater visibility in Europe and North America.

I was enjoying being her date for the evening. And, while I thought I looked more than respectable in my blazer and khakis, she was positively radiant tonight. Her tan and red dress was tasteful, yet stunning, showing off her coloring and figure at advantage, and revealing both a hint of cleavage and her long shapely legs.

I was really proud of Kaele1gh and made a point to let her know it. It was more than physical. I liked her mind at least as much as her body, and the good person within even better than that.

«This is your evening. Don't let me take anything from your well-deserved moment in the spotlight. I'll be around when you want me, but I can make myself scarce, too.»

She replied in kind.

«Glad, I think you belong here as much as I do, and I want more people to know how much your work means to our organization. Your documentary is going to be shown on networks across Europe and in the States and will be especially helpful to us when seeking more sponsorship. You've covered everything that was on your list and went well above and beyond it on numerous occasions. And, besides, I've come to love, um, just being around you.»

Did I just hear the L-word? Up to this point we had danced around the emotional issues.

We'd put off sex for most of the journey, because neither one of wanted to hurt the other. Now, as intimate partners, we were aware that our coupling had implications beyond where we might be willing to go. The fact that we lived nine thousand miles apart was the first of them.

I tried not to go there and just stay in this moment, this wonderful moment where a most amazing woman has walked into my life and was now sharing her fifteen minutes of fame with me.

I must have zoned out or the food just wasn't memorable, because I didn't remember anything until after dinner was over. Still lost in my own thoughts, I was jolted from them when Kaele1gh was called to the stage and handed her award. She just looked so good up there, attractive, confident and especially articulate. I don't remember her exact words, but she did a great job thanking everyone involved: the foundation, her sponsors and her favorites, the people of South Africa. For a moment I thought she was going to mention my name, but instead she added «and a few others whose names escape me at the moment», all the while staring directly at me. Her speech was what every motion picture and television actor should strive for: short, to the point and sincere.

She stepped down and came back to our table. I kissed her on the cheek and told her what a great job she had done. There were three more recipients called up to the podium. Three awards and three speeches and the evening's festivities were concluded. A couple of her colleagues came over and congratulated her, the last one talking far too long, at least from the expression I saw on Kaele1gh's face. Finally, when he left, she leaned over and whispered in my ear, «I've really got to pee.»

I was about to point out the restrooms just outside the doorway when she said, «Remember our agreement, no toilets. I've got a better idea, anyway,» accompanied by that now-familiar wicked look in her eyes.

She stood back up and pulled me out of my chair. Walking over to an empty table on the far side of the room, she grabbed a water pitcher and a couple empty glasses. On the back wall there were two double-doors which opened out onto a landscaped, but dimly-lit courtyard. We stepped outside into the near-darkness. There was nobody around. Working our way over to an even darker corner, she filled the glasses from the pitcher, handed them to me, then poured the remaining water onto the ground.

As I drank one glass, Kaele1gh slipped the pitcher under her dress, pulled her panties aside and peed. It was noisy, but she didn't care, for there was nobody else around but me to hear. I think she rather enjoyed making the bit of splash, a good twenty maybe thirty seconds of it. Then, with a final gush, she was done and handed the pitcher to me.

«I left a little room for you,» she giggled.

Hearing her pee made me have to go, as well. I had set the empty glass down on a retaining wall, but between the pitcher and the still full glass, both my hands were busy.

«Could you help me out here,» I asked?

She stood in front of me, blocking me from the direct view of anyone who might wander into the courtyard, though at first glance we might have appeared like any other couple enjoying a private moment. Then, looking around once again to make sure we were truly alone, she unzipped me, pulled my cock out, and aimed it into the pitcher. She had learned over the last two weeks that a light touch was best in these situations. Almost immediately, I let go. It was a good thing I didn't have to pee as badly as Kaele1gh did, otherwise I would have overfilled the pitcher. But, I managed to finish with about a half-inch to spare. She tucked me back in, zipped me up and we walked back to the doors.

On the way, I poured our contents onto the base of a palm tree I thought looked a little thirsty. We wandered back into the dining room, and apparently none too soon. Two couples were making their way out.

The reception was winding down. A number people were standing around the bar, while others were gathered in small groups throughout the room. We talked with maybe six or seven of them, then left as most of the crowd made their way to the exit.

*** About halfway back to our hotel room, Kaele1gh spoke up.

«Glad, will you go out in the lot, grab the ground cloth, the seat towels and the carry bag and bring them back in here».

I looked over at her trying to read what she was thinking. Then it dawned on me. Of course, the ground cloth. We'd been using it these past two weeks without thinking any more about it, but I just realized another use. It was waterproof, and, with four or more bath towels to absorb whatever fluids we could share, it would ensure our bedding stayed dry. I smiled to myself, as I knew I was in for more good wet fun tonight.

Getting back to the room, Kaele1gh was already waiting for me, wearing little more than a smile. She was naked below the waist and the green camisole accentuated her every curve. Maybe I was giddy from the evening's events, or just in the mood, but I'm not sure I had ever seen anyone look more lovely, more enticing than she did tonight. I got rid of my jacket, shoes, pants and dress shirt in record time, then held her in my arms, our bodies deep into one another. Maybe ten minutes went by, before I let her go.

I opened the wine and poured two glasses for us, then passed the plate of fruit to her.

«Taste these berries, there perfect, just the right sweetness and tart and the combination with the wine is to die for.» I tried them and agreed.

Let's just say the lovemaking was as good as anything I'd ever experienced. We were both amazed how we'd recovered from only a few hours before, but I think we were so caught up with sharing these delicious moments that our bodies instinctively responded to the occasion.

In minutes we were back into our private bliss.

Then, softly, she whispered into my ear, «Flood my cave, darling.»

I was a little surprised at the moment, but I should have seen it coming. At first, I wasn't sure if I could pee, but after a short time could sense the growing fullness in my bladder. I slowed my breathing and relaxed every muscle I could find. Then, it started, a few drops at first, then a stream. I was actually amazed how much I had held. Kaeleigh had another orgasm almost immediately, here most powerful one yet.

As I pulled out, she spurted her warm golden juices on me. Somewhere in that moment, the words «Kaele1gh, I love you.» escaped. I had blurted it out for, apparently, the whole world. I only cared that one person was listening.

***

Maybe for the first time since our meeting, the conversation at breakfast was a little awkward. Unusual for us, we were running out of words to say, not knowing where life might take us. Neither one of us was ready to say goodbye. It had been a great two weeks and back then we never could have imagined the way things played out.

The meal, by the way, was excellent, with more of those berries, and we left with the most delicious flavors in out mouth. I was even glad to have lost our last wager, and Kaele1gh didn't make too much of the fact she outdistanced me. In fact, we'd already agreed to a rematch.

After finishing, I paid the bill, then we walked back to our room, undressed and fell onto each other the bed once again.

Going-away sex is nearly always a mix of experiences and this time was no exception. We were all too aware that our journey, for the moment, was ending, yet we were still washed in the afterglow of these last magical moments. Finally, we got up and walked into the bathroom for another shower. No, make that two more.

***

I found my seat, sat down, buckled up and looked out the window back into the terminal. Though I couldn't see her, somewhere in there Kaele1gh was likely watching for my plane to pull from the gate, head down the runway and take off for the other side of the world.

I'd left her barely twenty minutes ago and I was already missing her. Someone I'd met only fifteen days ago had become such a big part of my life that a deep sense of emptiness now washed over me.

In a dozen hours I'd get off this plane, and wait for another. One more day and I'd be back home and probably settle into the predictable routine that had been my life. A week from now and I'd probably begin to think the whole thing was a dream.

Just then, my phone rang. It was Kaele1gh. I answered.

«Miss me already?» Hearing her voice immediately brightened my mood.

"Oh, definitely so. The past two weeks were like a favorite dream come true.»

«Me too! I left you something to remember me by. It's in your right jacket pocket. It will always remind you that I am real and this did happen."

I reached in and found a pair of white satin panties. They were still slightly damp from yesterday. Tightly balling them up, I removed them and brought them up to my nose. I could smell Kaele1gh, her pee and her most arousing feminine juices. In my hand, I held so many recent memories.

I'm not one to cry, but, as I slid the panties back into my jacket pocket, I held back what could have been the start of a tear.

Somehow, I pushed past the sadness, as I began planning for another adventure with this most remarkable woman.

