Sisters of Iesalia: Chapter Three

23rd November 2011, 11:23 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

For those who have not read the second chapter of this story, it may be found here. For those who have, I reprint the last paragraph of it below to help you get back into the story.

"Shhh," Omily soothed. "You shouldn't apologize: I'll drink your pee anytime!"

Chapter Three: In which an Interruption is not entirely Unpleasant, and a Sister attempts the Practice of a new Skill.

"'I'll drink your pee anytime.' Hmm -- private worship with the new girl, is it?"

Startled, Keala and Omily both looked up. From Keala's position on the grass, the newcomer's smoothly-shaven crotch was clearly visible under her white Sister's garment. Transparent secretions were leaking onto skin the colour of coffee with milk. Keala didn't know what to do, but Omily just grinned. "Private worship? Is that what you call what you and Ventia do after Жrinth every morning? Keala, you know Nav, don't you?"

Keala had to sit up to get a good look at the Sister's face. "I -- I've seen you in chapel, but ... Nav?"

"That's Navalie," Sister Navalie corrected her. She sat down on the grass beside the other two Sisters. "Only this one calls me Nav, and she only does it to annoy me. Right, Om?" She grinned and flicked a strand of hair out of her eyes. "Sorry, am I interrupting?"

"I don't think so," said Omily, while Keala was trying to figure out what was meant by that. "Of course, it's not polite to be the only one in the group wearing clothes..."

Keala was surprised at how quickly Navalie did the polite thing; it was like a conjuror's trick. Soon after, Keala was on her belly, examining the newcomer's crotch in minute detail. "Did Omily teach you what to do with that?" Navalie asked.

"I -- I wasn't paying much attention, but ... maybe." Keala gently felt the smooth skin below the navel with her fingers, then brushed it teasingly with her lips as Omily had done to her.

"That's a good start," said Navalie. She lay back on the grass and closed her eyes. "Maybe a little slower -- Mmmm!" This last utterance was muffled as Sister Omily squatted over Navalie's head, her moist, neatly-trimmed crotch covering her Sister's mouth.

"You don't mind, do you?" Omily asked.

Navalie grinned up at her, and pulled her head away only long enough to say, "Are you kidding? You know me." Keala stared for a moment at Omily's buttocks where Navalie's head had been, then returned her attention to the dark-skinned crotch in front of her. She experimentally licked the wet, folded skin around the opening to the passage, and was rewarded with a pleasant, mildly sweet taste and a slight wriggle of pleasure from Navalie.

She started to lick in earnest, first running her tongue along the outside, then using it to part Navalie's lips and stimulate her button, then actually sticking as far inside Navalie as she could. Though prevented from uttering anything more intelligent than moans and the occasional heavy breathing, Navalie managed to quite intelligibly convey when she liked what Keala was doing. Up close, the smell of Navalie's private area was intoxicating, and, without remembering how it got there, Keala found herself lying on top of her right arm with her hand between her legs, rubbing herself to ever higher levels of pleasure. Navalie wrapped her legs around Keala's upper back and hung on.

Keala looked up, startled, when Omily screamed, to see her Sister lying face down in the grass, shaking and moaning, with her bottom held up slightly by Navalie's face, which was still trapped between her legs. She was beginning to wonder if she should do something, inasmuch as neither of her Sisters appeared able to breathe, when Omily sighed and rolled over on her back, to lie with her hips beside Navalie's head. Navalie was breathing hard, her nose and mouth wet with Omily's fluids, but still managed to cry out, "Don't stop now! I'm almost ... almost ..." She moaned again as Keala resumed her licking -- and pleasuring herself.

"Wow," said Omily, "It's always amazing." Keala heard her moving about, but this time was enough engrossed in the sensations radiating outward from her crotch to continue what she was doing.

"Yes," gasped Navalie, "Right there! Quickly!" Keala, who had been massaging the inside of Navalie's secret passage with her tongue, attempted to do so faster, ignoring the hissing sound coming from ahead of her, and the change in Navalie's flavour. "Yes, yes, yes, Oh GODS!" The last came out as a long moan, while Navalie squeezed Keala's head with her thighs, holding her in place. Then, she sighed and let go.

Keala glanced up to see Omily's secret area right in front of her, and recognized it as the source of the hissing, for that she had squatted over Navalie's belly and was peeing on her Sister's belly button. At the sight, Keala rubbed herself harder; then gasped as, for the second time in the past hour, the pleasure filled her body, washing over her like the Mistress' own spring flood. She thought she might have screamed, but she wasn't sure.

When she was quite certain what was happening, she was lying with her head pillowed on Navalie's thighs, feeling the last of Omily's pee falling in her hair. "That was pretty good, for a beginner," said Navalie.

When Omily was done peeing, Keala sat up. "That was your pee I was tasting a moment ago," she said, as the fact suddenly became clear to her.

"Yeah. Sorry, maybe I should have warned you."

"No! Then I wouldn't have tasted it, and it was good!"

Both her Sisters laughed. Before they had time to make any other response, however, the Temple's main bell began to ring. Navalie looked at the sun, which had passed noon some while ago. "It's time for Farqala already?" She grabbed her garment and belt and ran off, Keala and Omily close behind.

Next Chapter: In which an Unusual Event is Witnessed by one who very much prefers the Usual

