The Beach House 14: Beach Walk

2nd September 2013, 11:30 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Cheryl and Danielle stared out at the ocean as they walked along the beach. It was getting late, but the beach was still crowded with all sorts of people. Cheryl occasionally commented on good-looking older men as they eyed her when she walked by. They both looked stunning in their newly bought sundresses. Both women had worn their bathing suits underneath and had planned to swim later.

"So, have you enjoyed the beach so far?" she asked Danielle.

"I have," Danielle said. "I don't get this kind of relaxation and freedom at home."

Cheryl laughed. "I'm sorry. But I hope you've learned some things so far to help you enjoy yourself more." Cheryl was, of course, referring to what she had taught Danielle in the past few weeks about wetting discretely and enjoying it. Danielle's mother was a very old-fashioned, sexually conservative sort of woman. She would need to be very discrete in her pleasures when she returned home.

"I did," Danielle said. To demonstrate, Danielle stopped walking and peered out at the flowing tide. Cheryl stopped, too, smiling as if she knew what was next. With her legs close together, Danielle released her bladder and felt the crotch of her bathing suit fill with warm pee. She tried not to blush as the warm pee trickled down her leg, invisible to anyone walking by as her sundress hid her warm pleasure from view. She giggled when her pee dribbled over her feet and to the sand.

"Nicely done," Cheryl said, the two of them still watching the ocean. As they watched, they spotted some college girls in bikinis splashing around in the tide with some young men. They seemed a little drunk as they laughed and splashed each other.

"Must be nice to still be that young," Cheryl said, sighing.

"What do you mean?" Danielle asked.

"Well, sometimes I look in the mirror and I know I'm getting old."

"Are you kidding? You are stunning. I would love to be as mature and as sexy as you. Being young isn't all that great. I mean look at them. Throwing themselves around like idiots." Cheryl laughed. "Now, a sophisticated woman like you, men throw themselves at you. You don't have to act like that to get attention."

"Thank you," Cheryl said, smiling.

They continued to watch the young group. One of the girls shouted, "I have to pee."

"See," Danielle said, "she wants everyone to know, especially the guys." As they watched, the girl stood still in the water and an expression of relief passed over her face. Her friends laughed as they splashed water at her like school children.

"Let's go for a swim," Cheryl said. They pulled off their sundresses, both of them aware they were being watched, and then ran to the ocean, laughing and kicking at the tide.

Once in the water, they swam out a little ways where they were mostly alone. Cheryl leaned back in the water and allowed the waves to take her as she floated on her back. Danielle watched her, admiring Cheryl's full figure and wishing again that she could be that lucky.

"Mmm, this is relaxing," Cheryl said. As she floated, she felt the need to pee. Sighing, she released her bladder. As a wave rose, though, she clenched and had to regain her composure to keep from being tossed underwater. Danielle laughed.

"Well, it was relaxing."

"Let's go some. I really have to pee." They swam in until their feet were touching and the waves were a little less oppressive. The water rose just above their belly buttons. Deciding to break her usual rule of trying to be discrete, Cheryl squatted, reached under the water, and tugged aside the crotch of her tankini bottoms.

"Are you doing what I think you're doing?" Danielle asked. Cheryl nodded. Danielle smiled and reached down to do the same.

"I'd like to take them off completely, but my luck a big wave would toss me over and everyone on this beach would see my ladyhood." They laughed. Cheryl felt a warm spurt and she gasped. "I can't hold it anymore." She let go and bit her lip as her warm pee swirled into the water. It was a strong flow that tickled her crotch even though the water current was steady. She could not help but reach down and touch her bare pussy as she continued to pee.

"I'm gonna go, too," Danielle said. Cheryl nodded again as she continued to stroke her pussy underwater. She watched Danielle's expression change from relaxed to wide-eyed as she obviously enjoyed the feeling of spraying her warm pee from her bare pussy into the water. They did not take their eyes off of each other as they finished their pee. Both women cried out together as they climaxed right there in the ocean, not caring if anyone saw or heard.

"Mmm, that was nice," Cheryl said. Danielle agreed. "Let's go see what Kiki and Lara are into."

