Paula: Desperate in Class

1st October 2010, 05:43 PM

Author: femaledesp_lover21

Location: UK (Sex: Male) Posts: 25

Hi people. A few days ago in one of my posts on Morning Pee Desperation

I promised you a story based on this topic. Well, here it is. Hope you enjoy

###

I yawned, got up from my seat, and pulled my case onto my back. It was 7.30 in the morning, and the first bell had just gone, signalling the start of our English lesson. Lazily I walked up the stairs with my mates, who were arguing about a refereeing decision in a football match that took place yesterday. As we were entering the classroom, I heard some running coming from behind. I looked round and saw Paula, one of my class-mates, just arriving and out of breath.

«Hey, what happened?», said Julie, one of her best friends.

«I overslept, my damn alarm clock didn't go off. Luckily, my mom managed to drive me here before she went off to work».

«Hehe, lazy bones» said Michelle, another of her girl friends.

«Lol. I ended up changing in the car I was so late. I'm still half asleep…I didn't even have time to wash my face, go to the loo, or even to have some breakfast. Some water from a bottle my mum keeps in the car was all I had» she said.

After hearing this, I immediately woke up from the lazy trance I was in. So Paula had not had time to piss this morning…and she'd arrived out of breath, which meant she probably didn't have time to use the school loos either. That meant around 8 hours of pee squirming in her bladder. My cock hardened. I knew where my mind would be during this lesson, and it was definitely not on the teacher.

I took a seat as close to Paula as possible. Unfortunately, Michelle came to sit in between us, but I still had a good view of her. I moved my desk slightly backwards, so that I could get a better view of her sexy legs. I didn't really like Paula that much. She was part of the group of girls we knew as the «snob girls». However, despite this, I couldn't deny that she was hot - she was shortish and thin, tanned and had curly black hair. Many a time I wished to grab that sexy ass of hers.

The lesson started boringly as usual. Our teacher droned on and on about Shakespeare, and Paula wasn't showing any signs of being desperate. However, that didn't prevent me from sneaking a peek at her every now and again to admire her sexy body. Today she was wearing tight jeans and a blue sweater.

Half-an-hour passed. Paula was sitting at her desk taking notes with her legs crossed. I didn't know if this was a sign of desperation or just out of habit (most girls do sit with their legs crossed). Five minutes later, I caught her uncrossing her legs and re-crossing them the other way round. Could this be a sign that she was getting uncomfortable? She had spent almost the whole lesson whispering to Michelle. If only I could listen in to what they were saying. I might have caught a phrase such as «I'm bursting for the loo» or «I need to piss like a racehorse».

During the last 10 minutes of the lesson, the feeling inside me that Paula did need the loo was growing. She had uncrossed and re-crossed her legs quite a few times, and right now she was sitting with her ankles crossed and her thighs clenched tightly together. It was becoming difficult to conceal my big cock, even from under my desk.

The bell rang, signalling the end of the lesson. I was disappointed because this would give Paula time to slip off to the loo, and she hadn't really put on a show of desperation for me. Everyone got up and went out of class to move to the Math class on the next floor. As we walked up, Paula was chatting with her mates a few steps in front of me. As we climbed the stairs, I expected her to turn to the right and visit the ladies. However, to my surprise, she kept on walking into the classroom. Probably she was too engrossed with chatting with her friends and completely forgot to use the loo. My cock hardened once more.

It was now 8.45am. Assuming that Paula had gone to bed at 11pm, which is the time most 18-year olds go to bed on a school day, she had almost 9 hours of pee inside her bladder. She was a thin and smallish girl, so her bladder was probably small as well. There was a big chance that she would be desperate by the end of lesson. The Math teacher hardly ever lets anyone use the toilet during his lesson.

We entered the classroom and this time I decided to sit behind Michelle, rather than next to her. Paula sat next to Michelle, meaning that I had a perfect view of her actions. Plus now I could listen in to those little conversations that girls usually have during lessons.

The lesson started and we immediately started taking notes. The teacher was explaining some sort of Algebra which I was having difficulty understanding, so my need to pay attention took my mind off Paula for a moment. About a quarter of an hour into the lesson, I remembered her and I took a sneak peek at her condition. She was taking notes from the board, and her left leg was bobbing up and down. Surely that meant she was getting uncomfortable? I would definitely keep an eye on her from now on.

A few minutes later, she changed her position and crossed her legs. A little tightly, I observed. I was getting a large hard-on. Barely two minutes later, she uncrossed them and re-crossed them, this time the other way around. Now I was sure that she needed to pee. I looked at the clock. Still another half-an-hour before break time. Plenty of time for her to begin squirming.

Paula kept up this rhythm for quite some time. At one time, she whispered something to Michelle, which, to my annoyance, I couldn't hear. Michelle giggled, but Paula didn't.

«She probably told her how desperate she is» I thought to myself. By now Paula was sitting right on the edge of her seat, her ankles crossed and her thighs pressed tightly together, with her legs constantly bobbing up and down. She was taking notes, but every few seconds she would stop and her face would tense up, as if holding back some great urge.

With around a quarter-of-an-hour remaining for the lesson to finish, Paula suddenly raised her hand.

«Sir?» she asked.

«Yes?»

«May I please be excused?»

«It's almost break time Paula, you can go then».

«Please sir, it's urgent» (I almost shot my load).

«You're a big girl Paula, I'm sure you can hold it» was the teacher's curt reply.

With that, the teacher turned round and continued writing on the board. Paula was now squirming frantically, and now that she had made her need public, a lot of eyes were fixed on her. Although I didn't really like her, I almost felt sorry for her.

The last few minutes were hell for Paula. She was at the edge of her seat, her legs shaking constantly. She had completely stopped taking notes, instead burying her face in her hands, fully concentrating on holding on. As the lesson neared its end, she leaned over to Michelle and told her (I could hear her clearly now):

«Please pack my stuff and get my bag with you. I'm rushing to the loo as soon as the bell rings».

Michelle giggled.

And so the bell rang. Paula jumped off her chair like a hungry tiger being offered food after days of starvation. She was first to exit the class, not even waiting for the teacher to go first. Some people started laughing. As for me, I hoped that she would pee her pants on the way to the loo. After all, the biggest test in holding on your pee is when relief is close.

Unfortunately, a few minutes later I saw Paula at the canteen and her jeans were completely dry. As for her undies, I couldn't tell, but I had reason to believe that they were quite damp. Anyway, this was a great experience and I hope all of you guys get to experience something like this within your lives

