A first time pee story

17th April 2010, 04:12 AM

Author: sungirl1985

Location: Ohio (Sex: Couple) Posts: 144

This past week I sat down over lunch with a longtime nudist friend of mine who along with her husband have admitted to loving "golden showers" even longer than they have been married. For about a year now my husband Josh and I have attemped to find out how and when they as a couple first discovered peeing. Every time we asked they promised they would tell us someday. When Mary called about going to lunch with me she promised to tell their story from the beginning. After hearing the story I begged her to post it on here. She told me she simply wasn't interested in sharing the story, but, if I promised to change the names I could post it. So, heres a never before posted second hand story. The names and locations have been changed as was requested:

Bill, who was in the US Air Force stationed in Texas, had been dating

Mary ever since meeting her at a party four months previously. Mary was a shy girl, rather private, quiet, and not big into wild partys. Bill originally from Ohio had enlisted in the USAF a year ago and had been stationed in Texas ever since finishing Tech school. They were a good pair, neither drank, both liked bowling and Bill was aparently well liked by Marys parents. Their dates mostly consisted of bowling and pizza, or a movie and pizza. Ocasionally they spend the evening with Mary's parents although both prefered an evening out. Lately their 'movie' dates were spent at a drive in where they spent increasing amount of time in the backseat.

One weekend while enjoying a pizza in a local crowded pizza parlor Bill recognized another guy from his squadron and his aparent girlfriend enter and search for a seat. Bill and Mary who had finished eating and were about to leave invited this couple to share a both with them as the place was awfully crowded. Bill was rather embarrased at not knowing the other guys name. Even tho they were in the same squadron they worked in different sections. Both couples took this occasion to get to know one another. This chance meeting soon lead to occasional double dating

. And yes, Mary related to me their double dates often consisted of attending the local drive in movie. Both couples took turns in the backseat while those in the front seat for the most part did actually watch the movie.

After double dating for nearly six months, one Saturday evening the other couple asked Bill and Mary if they would be interested in attending an 'erotic party' with them. The other couple explained they belonged to a small group of prople who got together every couple of months for what oftened turned out to be a rather erotic evening. These partys or gettogethers might consist of a cookout and skinnydipping, or a host of other events most of which involved full or partial nudity. All couples had at least some connection to the local air base, either as civilion employees or military stationed there. The group members never socalized outside the group as enlisted personell never socalized with comissioned officers. For the most part their was no swinging or swapping although two of the couples were OK with this. Nobody was ever forced to do anything they were uncomfortable with. Often the evenings were completely unplanned and rather just unfolded as the evening progressed.

Bill and Mary were quite aprehensive about going to a party with this other couple as both of them were rather shy and reserved. After a couple of weeks they decided the drive in movie routine had become boring and they would at least try one erotic party. Arrangements were made and in a few weeks both couples got together and headed to the party. The other couple drove as the party was a good 30 miles outside of town. When they arrived the other couple gave Bill and Mary the keys to their car, so if they decided the party was not totheir liking they could leave anytime. The other couple could hitch a ride back to town with others at the party.

The party was held at a cattle ranch which was located in the middle of nowhere. The husband of the host couple was a civilian employee of the air base and part time rancher. Bill and Mary were introduced to the other couples who all helped them to feel at ease. A cookout but before eating the hostess invited everyone for a swim in a pond on the property. The hostess took mary aside and told her she was free to leave her bra and panties on if she chose to do so, but Bill would have to get naked. Mary was naturally quite embarased at apearing in front of others in her undies, and Bill was actually shaking at the thought of wearing just a smile.

Several erections were spotted as the couples met on the patio after undressing in various bedrooms. By the time the group walked down to the pond most erections had all but disappeared. Bill and Mary actually enjoyed themselves swiming but Mary was uncomfortable in her underware which when wet was quite revealing. Difficult as it was as soon as she returned to the house she removed both bra and panties. Nobody commented although Bill's erection drew some attention.

Since it was nearly 100 degrees as the sun was beginning to set, several couples decided to eat dinner nude. As the evening progressed the couples conversation turned to sex, everyone sharing their favorite fantasys and stories. After dinner The host and hostess explained to Bill and Mary they would be welcome to attend future aprties with them but they first had to be 'initiated' but performing something outrageous in front of the group.

Various group members shared stories of their initiation, sex infront of the group, a BJ in full view of others, or something as outrageous as stripping in public then jumping into a car driven by friends and vanishing into traffic. After hearing these stories Bill figured this would be their first and last party as Mary would shurely never participat in anything as outrageous as this. Mary on the other hand felt this would not only be their last party like this but possibly her last date with Bill unless she went along with their request. After all Bill was the nicest guy she ahd ever met and the first guy her dad really liked.

As the evening progressed everyone was sitting around or dancing. Everyone was still naked and if you have never danced naked you really don't know what your missing. Mary was still embarrased but was beginning to feel more relaxed. Dancing with the other guys was a turn on for her. Finally Mary danced with Bill and told him she wanted to be initiated so they could return to the next party. Neither Bill or Mary could think of anything outrageous they could do in front of the group. Upon hearing theu wished to become initiated the the host wife went inside and retuened with a small box and explained either Bill or Mary could draw a piece of paper from the box ans after reading it they would imediately have to do whatever was written on the paper. Bill and Mary agreed and Bill being the gentleman he was allowed Mary to select from the box.

After both read the paper Bill layed down and Mary straddled him. It took her about a minute to relax wnough but the flow finally came, Mary, quiet, reserved, shy and almost prudish, emptied her bladder on Bill. Time stood still for Mary, she was in a time warp. she managed to notice every guy there was rock hard, and every wife of GF was holding on to her guy. All eyes were on her, she felt this awsome unexplainable power. Finally realizing everyone was clapping for them Mary's mind returned to reality. What had she done? It took a minute but soon she realized she was totally naked and was being kissed by Bill who was not only also naked but soaking wet with pee.

The evening ended with a most pleasnt outside shower in full view of the others.

Bill and Mary attended several other erotic parties but never again repeated the pee thing. They were married a year later before Bill was transferred to California. Mary ended her story by telling me she and Bill still to this day enjoy all aspects of pee play. Both became nudists shortly after getting married and still enjoy naked camping with outside peeing although its infrequent unless with like minded friends.

Mary insists peeing is the glue which has held their relationship together throughout the years.

A true story as related to me by Mary.

