A pee fuck with Francis

28th October 2006, 02:04 PM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

FUCKING FRANCIS

I watched with intense trepidation as Francis started to unbutton her light blue work shirt. Every second promised new delights with the revelation of more and more uncovered skin. Already her white bra was coming into view and revealing the fullness of her large breasts. As the buttons continued to pop, one by one, free of their locking hole, her shirt opening expanded in size. By now most of her upper underwear was now on display as was a generous amount of her delicious cleavage.

Fran had incredible breasts. I had no idea what cup size held up such wonderful expanse of flesh but her bra was an attractive design with lace flowers running around the sides of her breasts and a sold white pattern hiding all traces of detail in the middle. Even without the promise of a hardened nipple poking its way through the material I was already as hard as rock. As it was, my prick was quite uncomfortable, crammed as it was inside my underwear and I yearned to free it from its prison. However a small part of me was fairly certain that its release would almost be followed by a hard yanking motion on my behalf as I started to masturbate to the show Fran was now giving me.

Fran had by now reached her last button on her shirt. With a deft motion she pulled the remains of her top from its fold inside her tight fitting black pants.

«What do you think?» she asked in a soft seductive voice.

I choked back a reply that threatened to emerge in a less than manly way.

«Maybe this would be better?» she purred whipping away her shirt from around her arms.

I never even noticed as the material dropped to the floor. My mind and hormones were racing like never before at the sight of Fran stood before me with such an amount of bare skin on display. My gaze was locked on her tits, enclosed as they still were within the confines of her white bar. Every element of my imagination was now straining in overload with the task of mentally removing this last barrier between my sight and her bare, unprotected breasts.

With a knowing smile she gazed down at the bulge in my trousers.

«It won't be long now, big boy!» she giggled in an utterly intoxicating way. Suddenly she moved closer dropping to her knees in front of my chair.

«Are you ready to see my nipples?» she enquired moving forwards with the teasing promise of a woman about to suck cock.

I nodded furiously. Part of our agreement was that I was to say nothing along with the promise that I was to stay as motionless as possible whilst she carried out whatever whim she fancied. Any deviation from this pact and Fran had promised to abandon the whole thing immediately. Any further coercion on my behalf after this would be followed by dire retribution, the least of which involved Fran revealing our sordid little affair to the rest of the office.

She looked up at me from her position over my lap. With an ever growing smile she started to straighten upwards, her hands hidden form sight behind her back. Just then a small indication of movement came from the top of bra supports. I realised with an ever growing thrill, that she had now released the clasp that had sealed her underwear shut and was now slowly removing her remaining upper garment.

Words struggle to portray just how immensely provocative this display was. Every single second showed more and more cleavage as the white cotton material came away from her skin. Finally the moment of revelation was at hand and I swear my eyes were bulging in my sockets as I tried to capture every single instant of the moment when the red welts surrounding her hard and very erect nipples came into view.

I knew I was on the verge of coming in my pants, a moment that despite its promise of utter relief would ensure a diminished continuation of the show. Francis's exposed breasts with her hardened nipples, was now a temptation beyond belief. Her large tits were just crying out to be licked and caressed but that was nothing in comparison as to what was yet to come. She had promised to fuck me slowly after she got to act out her own naughty little fantasy before hand. By now I could not care less what she did to me, just as long as I got to slide my hardened dick into her wonderfully warm, wet and ultimately delicious pussy.

Toying with me she moved closer bringing her large bouncing bosom within inches of my face. It took every fibre of my self control to remain as I was, practically motionless in my chair with my hardened cock straining for release. My eyes were fully locked upon her bared flesh and I could feel the bursting need in my loins at this incredible display.

«Now for the next bit,» she bent and whispered into my left ear. Her breath was soft and warm upon my skin. Her motion forwards had caused her tits to brush up against my shirt and I could feel her hardened nipples probing through the thin cotton. I struggled to remain calm, desperately trying to conjure up boring images in my mind. This was so unfair!

My imagination was already in overdrive, a thousand images flowing through my cerebral, all of them consumed with the one overriding desire to fuck this beauty in front of me. The small table off to one side was just the perfect height to drive her against before ripping off the remainder of her clothes. Thrusting her around I could then bend her over the table with her wide bum cheeks on display whilst I whipped out my cock before penetrating into her from behind. I was so close now to acting out my fantasy that I suddenly realised that I was subconsciously clasping and unclasping my hands at my sides. This revelation sent a shudder of self control running through my body as I desperately fought to regain command of my emotions. Fran had promised upon her life that she would fuck me good and hard in return for one, very small concession. As orgasmic as my would-be rape scenario promised to be, I somehow doubted it would compare to the promise Fran had made earlier.

By now Francis was peeling her way out of her black trousers. She had turned away from me, hiding her pussy bulge in her panties from sight. Instead I was rewarded with the stunning imagery of her emerging bum cheeks hidden as they partially were by the thin fabric of her white cotton panties. Inch by inch the trousers continued to move hypnotically down her creamy long legs exposing more and more delicious skin in the process. Her whole bum was now on display, the round contours of her buttocks wonderfully outlined in the thin cotton.

Arching her body as if in time to some unheard music, Fran swayed to an unknown beat as her undress continued. The ache in my pants was unbearable now, my cock desperate for release and yet I had still not yet even glimpsed the smallest sight of her honey pot. Pining, I was very tempted to move my head to one side to catch a sneak preview of what was to come. Fortunately, before I had time to act and possible break the terms of our agreement, Fran turned of her own accord. This presented me at last with the chance to stare shamelessly at her gorgeous crotch, my eyes taking in every detail.

The white cotton of her tight white panties presented a perfectly shaped bulge where her pubic hairs hidden below pressed against the fabric and formed the outline of an inviting 'V' shape running down to where I knew her pussy clit and wet hole would be waiting for me. Without any sense of shame she smiled coyly at me and then in one fluid motion bent downwards whilst inserting her fingers into her panty elastic before whipping them downwards along the curve of her creamy legs.

I admit that I gasped out loud at that moment, the image of Fran's uncovered muff a sight too wondrous to stay silent. With a quick 'tut!' she wagged a warning finger in my direction. For several seconds I didn't even comprehend her message, my mind stretched into fascination by her uncovered womanhood. The mass of light brown, tightly curled pubic hair that grew around her pussy slit had captured my rapt attention, my vision straining to make out the slight bulge of flesh of her little clit nested as it was in the deep groove of her vagina.

With a quick two steps Fran moved over to me a hand pressing down on my chest. This caught my attention and I looked up into her beautifully deep brown eyes.

«You've been a naughty boy!» she intoned her playful smile vanishing for a moment. «You need to be punished. Do you know how I punish naughty boys?» The smile returned. «Now you keep good and still. I'm just going to clamber on board,» she said as she mounted me, the hot warmth of her legs rubbing against mind as she climbed up.

The heat of her body pulsated through my clothes in time with the agonising pressure from my cock, trapped as it was within the prison of my boxer shorts. Within seconds she had stopped moving. Now she straddled against me with her large tits full in my face, her exposed pussy barely an inch away from my trouser zipper. She stared into my eyes whilst I lay captivated in her gaze. Nothing stirred in her expression but suddenly an incredibly hot and very wet sensation rushed across my groin.

I nearly moved then in shock but she simply moved her arms to pin down my own. Without looking away she continued to stare into my eyes whilst the hot dampness grew over my pants. By now my puzzled brain had translated the sensation coming from my midriff as I realised Fran's was now carrying out her promised fantasy; having a pee all over me and my clothing.

It had been several weeks since a drunken night out had revealed Fran's burning desire to relieve herself over a man before fucking him senseless. I had fancied Fran for as long as I had worked at the company and saw this as my perfect opportunity to slide into her panties. Now that she was finally acting out her fantasy I had simply to uphold my end of the deal and sit there whilst she squirted her hot pussy juices all over me.

As we sat interlocked on the small wooden chair with Fran's pussy hole squirting a torrent of incredibly hot pee all over my already soaked trousers I suddenly realised what an intoxicating sensation the whole thing was. Fran's piss was deliciously warm and the sensation of having her squirting urine trace its way across my groin was incredibly invigorating. I groaned with desire and I could see the reaction flooding across her face as she realised just how much I was enjoying myself.

«There is more of that where that came from,» she whispered and slowly bent her head down to mine, her warm lips just brushing against my own. A probing tongue from her open mouth was eagerly accepted and within seconds we were kissing with unrestrained passion. Even as her tongue darted in and out of my mouth, I could still feel her toilet continuing as her hot piss stream rained down over my lower shirt and pants. She pushed herself up hard against me in a sudden moment of unrelenting passion and I shuddered with the joy of having her tits pushed up against my chest.

Even whilst she kissed and groped to rip open my shirt she continued peeing. The strong wet squirting sensation moved upwards soaking through the thin material of my upper clothing. I was by now soaked with Fran's toilet shower, her hot piss fully absorbed into my garments. I could feel the strong force of her squirting piss shower as it impacted against my shirt, pressing down the sodden fabric against my chest.

Fran's lips were as luscious as the rest of her; full and moist. Her hungry tongue played with my own continuing to fuel my passion. I was aware of a new sensation now, over that of the kissing and peeing. Deft fingers were sliding down my trouser zipper and within moments Fran freed my incredibly stiff member from my boxer shorts. I groaned out loud which simply resulted in Fran sucking my lower lip until her mouth came free. Lifting herself upwards she presented me with a hot nipple to suckle upon. As my tongue darted outwards to sample the glorious taste of her skin around her erect protuberance, I felt her hot urine spraying over my uncovered manhood.

This really was mind blowing stuff. I was on the verge of coming already, my senses reeling from the sheer thrill Fran was giving me. I had never imaged in my wildest dreams that being the receptacle for a woman's toilet could be so incredibly erotic. It was just so warm, so wet and yet so right!

At the back of my mind I could sense that her toilet must be coming to an end. Already the size and force of her flow had started to diminish and I strained as hard as I could against Fran's weight upon me in an attempt to get my cock into her waiting pussy. The end of my dick came under the direct flow of her remaining pee as she emptied the last of her piss over my groin. Just then the wet spraying sensation vanished only to be replaced by the warm moistness of her waiting pussy hole as she gently lowered herself onto my waiting penis.

Now the moment had finally arrived, an answer to many a passionate dream. I was now fully inside her, my rock hardness riding up and down inside her warm, wet pussy. The feeling was sheer ecstasy, my hormones racing in overdrive already fuelled to brink on no return by her incredible foreplay. Faster and faster and this time she groaned with her passion as I thrust upwards inside her vagina. Her nipple by now had become dislodged from my mouth and I watched through half closed eyes as her incredible breasts bounced up and down in front of in time with the action of our thrusting pelvises.

Fran's eyes were locked tight, her arms outstretched as to push me away. Instead this was simply to increase the angle of my dick inside her body, heightening her pleasure. The rate of our fucking was intense now, both of us straining with the heat our desire.

Suddenly it was too much and my world exploded in an orgasm of utter bliss. A wave of incredible pleasure ran through the length of my body, perfectly in time with the still thrusting form of Francis on top of me. I could feel the end of my dick end squirting out my white load into the depths of her pussy, pumping and pumping as at the same time my body seemed to drain of energy within a single pulse.

I collapsed backwards panting for air. A loud and low groan escaped Fran's lips as she passed her own threshold and her senses exploded into orgasmic joy. The look on her face as she same on top of me is one that I will never forget as long as I live. Even through my post orgasmic relief I vowed to myself there and then, that what ever it took, I must fuck this incredible woman again.

