The Farmer's Daughters (Intro)

10th February 2005, 06:27 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

Over the years I've witnessed some great wet pants sightings and I'm planning to post some of them on the other board. I've also written a fiction article about a women and her daughters. It is not entirely fiction,but a composite of things I've heard or seen over the years written into a readable (I hope) story.

If there is interest, I'll post the other chapters. One at a time.

Meet the characters:

The Farmer's Daughters (Introduction)

I know that the characters are starting to become more complicated as the episodes continue, so here is a «refresher» that may help identify them.

Linda or Mrs. Hammer really is the principle character. She is the mother of Ginger, Lisa and Julie and «like mother like daughter» has passed on her habits, even her bad habits. The Hammer girls have seen their mother wet her pants so often and seen the kind of attention it has gotten her that they picked up the habit as well. They learned just how special girls can be if they wet their panties in the right setting. Linda is blond, 39 and gorgeous with long legs. She walks, talks and acts like the star that she is. People are naturally attracted to her.

Ginger is 24, Linda's oldest and the one most likely to follow in her footsteps. Ginger has been known to wet in almost anything. If it is inconvenient to use a toilet, she thinks nothing of holding it until her bladder overfills and is forced to let go in the most in-opportune places. Ginger is the sexiest of the three girls with colored red hair and a perfect butt. She also has the additional habit of sometimes forgetting to change her wet clothing. If you have ever seen a pretty lady with the insides of her legs wet to the ankles, then it was probably Ginger.

Lisa is almost 22 and Linda's second oldest. She likes the beach and like most beach girls won't use the public toilets. She is a lot like those beach girls we have seen sometimes with a faintly yellow stained crotch on their bikinis. She too is thin, beautiful also with red hair and has a naughty streak in her. She likes to party and drink alcoholic beverages with her girlfriends.

Julie is soon turning 21, three years out of high school and Linda's youngest. We don't know much about her except that her two sisters think she is turning into a tramp. I'm leaving this one open, so readers, you tell me about her.

Carol is Linda's new best friend. She is 34, very pretty and curious about Linda's strange habits. She is also a blond with a great figure. When she wears a swimsuit she attracts a lot of attention because of the way it displays her pussy lips and guys love it. She says that unlike Linda and her sister Marilyn, she doesn't wet her pants. Carol would never consider peeing in a dry, pastel yellow, one-piece swimsuit as wetting.

Marilyn is Carols older sister by one year and it is Marilyn who got to get away with everything while they were growing up. Marilyn was really beautiful, spoiled and could do nothing wrong. Their mother was really lax about toilet training the girls and they grew up not thinking much about it. Marilyn was lazy, put off going to the bathroom and never seemed to worry about accidents.

Marilyn can't be bothered about going to the ladies room if one is not convenient for her. She often lets little spurts go in whatever she is wearing, enjoying the wetness between her legs. If she is around the house, she will wet her pants and then without realizing that her obviously stained clothing hasn't completely dried get in the car and go to the store.

Katie is Ginger's best friend, a brunette and the same age. They graduated from college together. She to is beautiful and wants to be just as sexy as Ginger. She is conscious of Ginger's mannerisms and so tries to copy her. She knows that Ginger regularly wets her pants and has started doing it because she is curious. However, she isn't as brazen about it and so only goes when she is wearing a swimsuit, skirt or dress. She's noticed that more of her panties are now always stained in the crotch.

Nancy also went to school with Ginger and Katie. She thinks the girls are odd and can't understand why they are so willing to embarrass themselves. She was with Ginger and Katie at the boat dock when the girls went into the convenience store in short-shorts that they had obviously peed in.

Roger is the shoe salesman at the mall where Linda loves to try on shoes. Roger used to stare up Linda's legs while she checked for just the right size, style and color. He started to notice wet or partially dried stains in her beautiful ladies panties and realized that she was sometimes wetting her pants.

Roger is know Linda's boy toy and gets teased regularly whenever Linda goes shopping. She will often say, «Honey I really need to hurry I'm afraid I've wet my panties. Can you tell does my skirt look wet?»

Kristen is Marilyn's best friend and thinks she is funny the way that she always wets herself. She is sure that wetting attracts guys. She doesn't know about the Hammer girls and their friends, but if she did she would probably start doing it to.

Cindy is Lisa's best friend and teases her about wetting her pants but in a friendly way. She thinks Lisa is just lazy. Cindy and Karen just graduated from college this year with Lisa and are the same age. Maybe Cindy will tell us about a couple of the keg parties they attended.

Karen is Lisa's other friend and she isn't sure about Lisa's habits. We'll find out.

