A Golden showers weekend with T and friends!

16th August 2011, 02:02 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

T and I have just spent a really great weekend with friends N and P in a Hotel apartment and what a weekend it turned out to be.

On Friday 12th August we met P and N as arranged.

We had booked an apartment which consisted of two en suite bedrooms, a lounge area and a small balcony. There were also facilities for making coffee and tea in a very small kitchen. It was clean and well furnished, just ideal for what we wanted.

This arrangement suited our needs perfectly for our weekend together.

We each chose a bedroom and went in and unpacked our things returning some fifteen minutes later to find that N had made us all coffee, she is a little treasure.

N is a very attractive woman in her mid thirties and quite an exibitionist. She has a gorgeous figure, some would say that many twenty year olds would die for her looks and figure, I for one would say this without any qualms whatsoever.

P is a handsome guy, also in his mid thirties, quite tall and lean and very amusing, they are a very sexy looking couple together and are very easy to get along with.

Like T, she (N) is a bit of an exhibitionist as I have stated which could make for a lot of fun this weekend. They can also both dress themselves a little outrageously. Both P and I had talked about this and we both wondered if T and N would push or even compete with one another when it came to the way they dressed and their exhibitionism. Our thoughts were totally unfounded as they got it together and organised things amongst themselves very quickly. They had obviously spoken about things to one another before hand. Oh dear, we silly men know nothing, lol

We finished our coffee and decided that we would go and eat just after seven and then find a bar where we could all relax and have a few drinks that evening.

Both T and N went into their respective bedrooms and started to get themselves ready, they were in and out of each others bedrooms like a yo yo carrying clothes for about half an hour, we could hear them laughing and chuckling as they got themselves ready.

P and I just sat in the lounge area talking and watching them walk back and forth naked into each others rooms and listening to them giggle. Our time sitting there watching and listening to them was not wasted as P and I spoke of our respective partners in regards to their likes and dislikes.

The women had finished showering and both P and I went into our respective bedrooms and we started to get ourselves ready at about 6.30pm. By 7.10pm we were all ready to leave.

Both women were dressed quite modestly. N was wearing a nice pair of white tight pants with a nice dark blue low cut top and high heals. T was dressed in a pair of tight fitting black pants and, she had a nice white low cut top with modest heals as she is quite tall in any case. Both P and I commented on how nice they both looked.

We were walking and looking for a particular restaurant. T and N were walking a little in front of P and I. Then P asked me if T would object if he walked up behind her and put his hand over her ass as she looked so sexy in a tight pair of pants. I just said no, she would not mind, we then walked right up behind the ladies and we put our hands on their butts as they were walking. N looked round at me and just smiled then slipped her hand around my waist. P had his hand on T's ass and she had put her hand in his back pocket. It looked as though we were with our respective partners as far as anyone was concerned.

Before we left the Hotel we asked the receptionist if she could recommend somewhere nice to eat. We managed to find the restaurant some ten minute walk away from the Hotel. The menu was quite limited, but the food was excellent. The wine was a little expensive, but who cared, lol.

We had noted that right next door to the restaurant there was a bar. So when we had finished our meals we decided to go there for a drink or two. It was not that crowded and we managed to get a table quite easily.

N pulled her chair right up close to mine and sat next to me and put her arm half across my shoulders and half on the back of my chair. P sat next to T with his hand on her thigh. We were drinking a bottle of white wine and were talking and laughing when I started to run my hand up and down N's thigh, starting from her knee, and then moving it into the inside right to the top to her crotch. She looked at me and gave my shoulders a little squeeze.

P was enjoying himself as was T; they had their hands on one another's thighs and were enjoying the feel of one another. P ordered another bottle of wine as we were down to our last little drop in the bottle.

Whilst N was picking up her glass of wine she lifted her arm from the back of my chair and placed it on my leg, right near the top and she gave me a gentle squeeze and begun to run her hand up and down my thigh as I was doing the same to her.

It was about 10.30pm and we had had three bottles of wine when we decided to walk back to the Hotel. We walked out of the bar and N got hold of my arm as T got hold of P's. N and I walked a little in front of P and T.

We came to an alleyway and I guided N up a little way to where it was in a little shadow. T and P followed us up and stood right next to us, but by the time they had reached us N and I were already in a tight clinch kissing and fondling one another eagerly. Both T and N said that they needed to pee soon.

No more than five minutes had passed and we started to walk back down to the street again. P was with T, and she had her arm around his waist and he had his hand on her ass. N put her hand in my back pocket and was squeezing me every so often and I had my arm around her shoulder. By the time we had reached the Hotel we were all hungry for one another.

The card swipe decided that it was not going to work, we had two cards but not one of them opened the door, so P went down to reception to get replacements. Whilst he was gone T and N were standing with their legs crossed both of them needing to pee. (None of us had been to the bathroom during the late afternoon or during that evening; we had talked about this previously.)

It was not long before we heard the lift and saw the door open, out came P with the new cards, we were all giggling, hurry up we are bursting both the girls said. N said if you don't hurry I'll piss my pants.

The door opened and the girls went in first with P and me following. We stood there in the lounge area for a moment wondering what bathroom we were going to use. It was something that we had not thought of, we looked at each other and laughed as we were all thinking the same thing and we were waiting for one of us to decide and take the lead. It was N who rushed into their room and the three of us followed her.

T was bouncing up and down bending her knees as she wanted to go badly. She said that she was already leaking. She looked the most desperate so we all helped strip her naked first, then we turned to N and stripped her. T helped P strip off, and N got me stripped. Outside the bathroom door there were clothes strewn everywhere, just taken off and thrown out of the door.

N said to P and me to get on the floor. It was tiled and felt cold, but that did not stop us. T placed herself sideways next to P's head, and N placed herself sideways next to my head. Both the girls were now standing facing one another with P's and my head on the floor in the space between them both.

T put her hand between her legs and opened her vulva; she then lifted her vulva up a little and aimed herself at our heads. N was already dribbling a little of her piss all over the side of my head and in my hair. Then, they both let go. N was moving her lovely ass back and forth so her piss was going all over our heads and on our faces and I opened my mouth and drank the lovely tasting juices. T was by now really pissing hard, it was spraying everywhere. Both P and I both had our hands up to their wet pussies and were playing with their lovely piss.

After about fifteen seconds or so, T put one of her legs in between our heads and squatted so that her pussy was up close to P's mouth; N lifted her leg and placed herself in the same position over me. They were now both pissing straight into our open mouths. The noise was so so loud with both of them pissing at the same time, that lovely hissing noise sounded so nice. P was drinking T's pee and I was drinking N's.

Neither P nor I could drink all of the fast streaming piss from either of their beautiful cunts. N was the last one to finish. I pulled her ass toward my face and put my tongue right up inside her and licked every last drop. By that time P was doing the same to T. they were both sitting on our faces with their pussy's right onto our mouth. P and I still wanted to pee but we were too busy enjoying one another's partners.

When I had licked and sucked N as dry as I could, I got up and laid her down on the wet piss soaked floor. P got up straight after me and laid T down next to N. Now P and I were aiming our cocks at them both, P aiming at T's head, mine was aiming at N's face. We started to piss over their face and over their tits, it was splashing everywhere. N reached up and held my cock and aimed my piss right into her open mouth. P had his knees bent next to T and she was half sitting up with her mouth open drinking all his piss. N sat up, parted her lips and put my cock halfway into her mouth. My piss was now streaming right down into her throat and she was drinking every drop.

I had finished pissing and N was licking and sucking at my cock, from the base right up to the very tip. T was now also sitting up and she was holding and sucking at P's half stiff cock, her lips were gliding right up and down his shaft, his cock like mine was now getting harder by the second as we were being pleasured. We stayed that way for a few minutes with our different partners sucking and licking at both our now very hard cocks.

The floor was absolutely soaked with our piss, as were we, our hair was wet with one another's pee and it looked as though we had all been swimming.

We had a good clean up and washed the floor. The shower was not big enough for the four of us, so N and I left and went to the shower in our room, saying that we will see you in the lounge after we had showered.

NOTE:

At this point T and P were left alone in the shower and T has decided to join the site in her own right at some point during this week and she is going to tell you her side of things.

END:

N and I went into the bathroom together and we both gave our teeth a good brush then we got into the shower. I first washed her hair. Then I washed her beautiful frim breasts and underneath them.

I worked my way down to her tummy and then to her groin and to her shapely legs. I then turned her around and started from the bottom of her legs moving slowly up to her great shaped ass, she open her legs and let me wash in between her butt cheeks. Then slowly I moved up her back to her neck. Her skin felt so smooth.

If I were to be truthful I had wanted to touch her as soon as I saw her earlier that afternoon. It may have had something to do with the way that she walks. Both T and N have very nice shapely asses, and the way that they both sway from side to side when they walk is just so sexy.

I had rinsed the shampoo from her hair and rinsed her down with the shower head all over, washing every crack and opening I could.

She took the shower head from me and washed my hair. Then she washed me all over with her gentle hands and probing fingers. She paid a lot of attention to my stiff cock, wrapping her soapy slippery fingers around it and moving them up and down my shaft. She washed my balls, caressing and gently squeezing them. I was so hard and was really looking forward to making love to her.

As she was rinsing my hair she looked at me and said in a very sexy voice, I am going to fuck you later. She also said that P has wanted to fuck T since we all first met.

I helped her out of the shower. I grabbed a towel and dried her all over. She took the towel from me and started to dry me. We then put our arms around one another and begun to kiss passionately. Our tongues were in and out of one another's mouths, reaching as far in as we possibly could. Her hand was wrapped around my stiff cock, it was sliding up and down and it felt so good. My right hand was in between her open legs and I was running two fingers over her clitoris, and then sliding one finger up inside her very wet soft vagina.

When N and I walked out into the lounge together T and P were sitting on the big sofa. P's cock was hard like mine. N and I sat on the smaller sofa.

T and P had made us all coffee and we were sitting there all talking of our pissing game and how much we had enjoyed it. T then said. Shall we all get on the floor? It was carpeted but T had brought four big towels with her which was on the back of the big sofa. She laid them down and all four of us lay on them.

We started to kiss and fondle our respective partners. Then N turned herself round and got into a 69 position with me. I was looking at her beautiful soft pussy right in my face and it looked so inviting, so wet and soft to the touch. With her mouth open she was very lightly running her lips up and down my stiff cock and it felt so nice, I thought I was going to burst at one point.

T was already sitting on top of P's cock, and her ass was moving around whilst he was inside her. T was fucking him very slowly and gently. His hands were playing with her lovely breasts and toying with her erect nipples. Her eyes were closed and I could see that she was really enjoying herself.

N started to suck my cock a little harder and she was taking every inch of it into her mouth, I could feel it touch her throat once or twice. My tongue was dancing all over her clitoris and every once in a while I would slide it along to her wet vagina and slide it up inside her, her juices were flowing and I could smell and taste that lovely womanly aroma. We released one another after a while and she placed herself over me. Then held me and guided my cock up into herself. It just slid right up inside her as she was so wet.

N was looking right into my eyes as she was gently sliding herself up and down my stiff shaft. Her eyes were so intense and she was enjoying what she was doing that's for sure. As she had said earlier, «I am going to fuck you later», and here she was, fucking me.

I then said to P; let's get them both bent over the arms of the sofa. T and P was one end, N and I were at the other end. Both of the girls had their legs spread apart and both P and I were fucking them from behind. The two girls were looking at one another getting fucked. P and I were looking at our respective partners enjoying themselves. N then said to P, go on give her a good fucking, she wants you to.

After a few minutes N then asked T, are you enjoying yourself? Does it feel good? T replied, I am enjoying P's cock fucking me, and it does feel so good. T then asked N, Are you having fun? N replied, oh yes, I love his cock inside me. P and I kept fucking them and said nothing. T then began to groan a little louder and she was thrusting her ass up toward P's stiff cock, then moving her body over the arm of the sofa and I knew she was going to have an orgasm very soon.

I reached forward and started to play with N's breasts and her erect nipples. P had already told me that N is extremely sensitive in these areas. She gave a really loud AAAAHHHH and said, fuck me, fuck me hard. P said to me quietly she is going to cum. Her legs and her ass went stiff and then really loudly OOOOHH came from somewhere deep within her, she then had a really long orgasm, she was still groaning a little under her breath after a minute or so.

T was watching N and I with her half closed blue eyes and was also about to have an orgasm as she was making a lot of noise with the pleasure that she was feeling. Then she closed her eyes, hung her head and yelled, yes, yes I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Then with her arms and body visibly shaking in spasms she said quite loudly FUCK MEEEE.

N and I were already on the floor back on the towels and enjoying a 69. She was sucking and licking all her juices from my cock. I had my tongue right up inside her vagina as far as I could get it and was sucking really hard to drink all her lovely cum. Once again I could smell that lovely womanly aroma of her juices. Her cum was so thick and creamy and it tasted just wonderful.

P was kneeling on the floor and he had T on the sofa with her legs very wide apart and he was sucking hard at her glistening cunt. T had her eyes closed and was really enjoying herself.

N and I made us all a cup of coffee. T and P were now cuddled up together on the smaller sofa. We all smiled at one another and P said, well, that was nice, any more on offer? N then quickly asked P if he had cum, he replied that he had not. Good she said then you will both be able to give us more in a minute. To which we all laughed.

We sat for a while discussing our experiences, when N said to P. You told him about my sensitive nipples didn't you, P just laughed and said yes of course. She then gave me a friendly slap on the leg.

I then asked do we all still wish to spend the whole night in separate bedrooms with each others partners. We all said yes, great. T looked at me and smiled. N got up and gave P and T a goodnight kiss, T gave me a nice kiss on the lips and said, see you in the morning, enjoy yourself, I said are you OK, she replied that she was just fine, you have fun as well I said to her. She then kissed N and said goodnight, she then smiled and said to N have fun. N laughed and said that she would.

P then said to N, you certainly looked as though you were enjoying yourself on the arm of the sofa, she said, I was, and I am looking forward to getting a lot more enjoyment in a minute. She then said to P so we could all hear, you told me a few weeks ago that you would like to fuck T, now go and enjoy it. She then gave a real saucy smile and winked at T, she got hold of my hand and we went into the bedroom.

Although T and I have obviously talked of what we both did that night in separate bedrooms with different bed partners. It would be best if I let T describe that experience for herself.

I have made a rough draft of the whole weekend before I forgot any important details; this is only a part of the first night. So there is much more to come from the whole weekend, along with some of T's points of view on how she enjoyed it all. More later this week.

