Seeking a female writer for an ongoing roleplaying story

7th August 2007, 03:27 AM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

I originally wrote this beginning to a story for the Literotica roleplaying board. Here's the link to the original thread: THE DAY HELL FROZE OVER

It was more of an ongoing romance / sexual roleplaying story than anything naughty. But sometimes the naughtier the better! You know you sneak a little twisted side to the characters in

In this case the story is about Rich (Just a regular guy) and Maria (A natural witch with tremendous powers. But she doesn't know it yet). Rich and Maria are sort of "soulmates".

My idea is that as Maria becomes aware of her powers she moves dangerously in the direction of dark black magic -- and the story become wierder and wilder!

Anyway below is the beginning. Any female writer like to roleplay and write from Maria's point of view? You can check out the thread on Literotica to see how we did it. I think that it would work if Maria were also written from a first person point of view. So the story would alternate back and forth from Rich's point of view, and Maria's.

###

THE DAY HELL FROZE OVER

When I finished High School my ever practical father, a General Contractor, insisted that I learn a trade -- then, and only then, might I consider attending a college or University if I really wanted to. So for four years I muddled my way through an electricians apprenticeship. My fourth year I decided to take evening classes at Sacramento Junior college to try and decide if I was really "college material".

One evening while studying in the cafeteria, before a class, I became aware of a photographer walking around and taking pictures.

"Just general campus pictures for a course catalog", he explained.

I wasn't sure if I really wanted my picture in a course catalog, but the photographer persisted and even seemed to take a little enjoyment in my discomfort.

"How about a picture with you and those girls over there?" he suggested with a wink.

The girls must have overheard the conversation because they turned to listen. They all seemed totally gorgeous and unapproachable to me. Despite my lies to my friends you could say that I was inexperienced with the ladies. The truth was that I was a virgin and I'd never had a real "girlfriend" in High School, or since.

"C'mon." the photographer waved his hand and encouraged me to get up and follow him to the girls table. Since I was uncertain of what to do I followed nervously.

At the table sat four girls. Three of them seemed positively thrilled at the opportunity to have their picture in a school publication. The fourth girl, noticeably shy, shook her head to say "no". .

This brought a big grin to the photographers face and he insisted that I sit alone with the shy girl and pose for a picture. So the other girls got up and I sat down nervously next to the shy girl. She quitely introduced herself as "Maria". I studied her long brown hair, her slim curvy body and her beautiful almost intense eyes and imagined how silly I would look seated next to her.

The photographer had us lean close together and pretend to study a book together. He had us pretend to carry on a conversation. I can't remember what we said, it was.. well it was a little embarrassing... And he even had me put an arm around her and cuddle slightly as she pointed to some interesting imaginary thing across the room.

After the pictures I briefly introduced myself to the girls, then I had to rush off to class. I saw the girls off and on from time to time throughout the rest of the semester but never managed more than a word or two with them. However, I began slowly developing a very intense infatuation for Maria.

Before I knew it Fall semester was over and the catalogs for Spring semester appeared. On the cover, among other campus pictures, was the picture of me with my arm around Maria as she pointed excitedly.

I enthusiastically signed up for Spring classes and rushed to campus the first evening of Spring quarter. But Maria was nowhere to be found. I didn't even know her last name. She looked maybe German or Dutch, but I wasn't sure. I searched the crowds of students but I couldn't even find her friends. I felt a sort of strange vague sense hopelessness. I felt lost -- empty.

Of course my mom immediately spotted my picture on the cover of the course catalog and wanted to know all of the details about my "beautiful secret girlfriend". I reluctantly confessed the truth...

"Richard, why didn't you ask her out and try and get to know her better?" My mom questioned "The worst that could have happened was that she could have said no."

My dad seemed amused by the situation but didn't say much.

"Richard, you know you can meet a lot of nice girls in college." My mom reassured me. "Maybe you should take some of that moldy money you've saved up and go to a good college -- at least for a couple of years. It will be a good experience. And maybe you'll meet another nice girl like Maria."

So off I went to college that following Fall. I don't know how I ended up at a small private University nestled high in a mountain valley in Colorado, but I did. It was certainly different than California. I met a lot of beautiful girls, and even dated a few, but none could measure up to Maria.. Or I should say none could measure up to the Maria of my dreams. However my lies about my sexual conquests continued, and even grew.

I picked electrical engineering as a major and got excellent grades in all of my classes my first year. Probably more a result of my electrical background as an electrician than time spent studying, since I spent most of my time checking out the pretty girls around campus.

###

After a long hot summer, in Sacramento, spent working for my dad I returned to the University and the crisp suprisingly cold mountain air. Fall seemed to be trying to become a Winter.

I was bundled up in a new down filled coat and trudging up the hill towards the campus when I saw her. It couldn't be her.. I took a deep breath and the ice cold mountain air filled my lungs and made me stop momentarily to catch my breath.

I anxiously hustled up the hill after her, but I turned away when she looked back my way, and I pretended to study a brick church I'd stopped in front of. Oh my god it seemed to be her..

Nervously I followed... She almost certainly had a boyfriend and I wasn't sure what I'd say to her if I caught up with her. "Hi aren't you my soulmate, Maria?" No, that would sound ridiculous.. But it would sound confident!

"Maria" headed into the Student Union and I followed pretending to study some notices on a job board just inside the door.

"Find any killer jobs?" A cute little blonde asked me.

"Um, I don't know... I um don't know what I'm looking for..." She was cute but I didn't really feel like talking to her. I needed to find "Maria"...

"You know.." She grinned broadly "You're really not bad looking."

"Um uh thanks.." I hadn't expected that.

"Anna...My names Anna! You know.." She started again. "You look a lot like my friends old boyfriend."

I didn't know what to say, and I didn't want to be rude, but if I didn't leave soon I felt sure that I might never find Maria again.

"Look...", Anna took a breath "They broke up... but her parents don't know about it... Would you consider...? Would you consider.. pretending that you are him?"

"Are you crazy!" I blurted out as I started to turn and leave "I have to go meet somebody."

"You don't have to say much." Anna chased after me. "All you have to do is come by and say hi to her parents."

"I don't know." I laughed.. heading down the hall towards the dining area.

"Please.." She begged.

"What do I get out of it?"

"I don't know.." Anna gave me an anxious look. "Do you have a jealous girlfriend or something?"

"No... I mean yeah! Leave me alone.."

I headed into the dining area with Anna still chasing after me.

"You hardly have to do anything. Just call yourself "Rick" and say hi." Anna pleaded.

"Do you mind.." I gave Anna a dirty look.

"There they are." Anna pointed to a group of people seated around a table, at a large booth.

"Hey.. Rick!" A man seated at the table jumped up. "Come on over and say hi!"

"Wha..?"

Anna smirked at me.

The man held up his hand and gestured for me come over to the table.

"Hi..."

The man jumped up and headed my way with an outstretched hand.

"Rick! I'm Maria's father, Bill." He gave me a firm handshake

I felt dizzy and confused.

"Rick, Maria's told us a lot about you. Why don't you sit down with us, and meet the family."

"Okay."

I followed him with such wobbly legs that I could have been drunk.

An older man, perhaps her grandfather, offered me his hand. "It's good to meet you Richard." he smiled.

I shook his hand and then a couple of others.

"So what are you studying here?" Bill asked.

"Electrical engineering."

"An engineer!" Bills wife responded enthusiastically.

"Maria." Bill called over my shoulder.

"Aaaah!"

I turned and saw Maria. Her face was white as a ghost.

"Maria?" Bill frowned at her. "Dad.." Maria took a step in our direction. "Hi.." she said so weakly that I almost couldn't hear her. My heart beat hard, and everybody instinctively scooted over a little so that Maria could sit down next to me.

But Maria just stood there.

Bill gave her a confused look. "Sit down Maria.. It's okay, we've already met."

Slowly, and trembling a little, Maria sat down next to me.

"Rich, we saw your picture on the cover of the course catalog." Her mother smiled.

Maria's little brother snickered, and Maria looked at him crossly.

"Really?" I wasn't sure of what to say.

Maria was teetering on the edge of the seat seemingly afraid to let her body touch mine. I couldn't resist any longer. Bravely I slid a hand behind Maria and snuggled her against me.

"Not a bad picture." I grinned. Maria's body was soft and warm and I could feel myself helplessly growing hard.

Unexpectedly Maria sniffled, and tears ran down her cheek.

"Maria?" I whispered.

"Would you two like to be alone for a second?" Maria's mom asked.

"Yeah.." I nodded. Maria didn't say anything. "Actually I need to get to class."

Maria scooted over and I stood up.

"Well, nice meeting you Rick." Maria's father nodded.

I headed out of the Student Union and Maria followed.

"Rich?" Maria looked at me through teary eyes.

"Yeah?"

