Making use of what's there

28th October 2012, 01:27 PM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

I was encouraged in a thread about carpet-peeing to jot down some of my own personal experiences. What better story to start with than the time I mentioned in that thread?

I'm a big convention nut. Anime Cons, Comic Cons, RenFaires, that sort of thing. Anyone else who goes to those as well knows your convenience depends on the hotel you get. Sometimes a hotel will host the convention itself, which makes it really easy to traverse back and forth. Also, as these cons involve a lot of walking, usually in warm temperatures, it's vital to stay hydrated.

Where am I going with this? Well, when I was at this one con' last year, I was not able to get a hotel room close by. At all. It was like 4 blocks away. I certainly did a lot of walking that weekend, and was always desperate for a pee when I got back to my room, thanks to all the water I drank.

Now; when I pee, I wet. End of sentence. What can I say? I love the feeling that much. It's like a personal rule for me; the cabinet under my bathroom sink at home has all my panties in it just for that use. The crux about that is, I also go commando. ALL the time. If I don't have access to panties, or I'm not wearing pants/shorts, I have to get... inventive.

That was the set-up. Here I am, bursting through my hotel room door, having walked a good mile and 1/2, dangerously needing a pee. And of course, I was wearing a skirt. The pressure on my bladder was so much, I didn't want to take the time to fish out a pair of panties from my bag and rush to the bathroom. I had to go NOW. That's when I looked down, and saw the brown, fluffy, shag carpeting that was probably in every other room in the hotel...

"Why not?", I thought to myself. "I'm checking out this afternoon, anyway." I found a spot with plenty of room and crouched down, doing the splits. (Not so easy for some, I know. Utterly handy in situations like these, though.) I lifted my skirt up and pressed my pussy firm against the carpeting. It was really nice and soft too; I caught myself grinding against it a little bit before I was done.

Having contact against my pussy was all I needed. I immediately relaxed my tortured bladder and released a flood of pee into the thick carpet. It was sooo lovely; the softness of the carpet mixed with the warmth of my pee surrounded my crotch, sending my brain into a euphoric state. I wouldn't say it was like having an orgasm, but it was damn-near close.

When I was totally satisfied, I picked myself up off the floor, went to the bathroom, and gave myself a wipe-down. I went back to look at what I had done and... yeah. There was a huuuuge stain. Not a puddle, a stain. The thick carpet caught it all. I figured when I checked out, I'll just drop a tip that a bottled water got away from my grip. My pee was plenty diluted from all the water I had been drinking, so no smell, no foul!

Now, this wasn't the first time I've peed on carpets. I actually do it frequently in hotels and such. There's something naughty about it, isn't there? But before that event, it was always through panties or such. This time, I found out the right carpet can be more than appropriate for wetting yourself, you just have to be... open to it.

