My Wet Date

16th January 2008, 04:17 AM

Author: Jack4611

Location: Missouri, USA (Sex: Bi Male) Posts: 283

This is a fictional story.

It was our first date. She and I had been talking on the Internet for quite some time, however, we had yet to meet in each other in person. Her name was Ariana. She was about 5'3, 105 pounds, and absolutely beautiful. I was quite nervous to be honest. It was our first time meeting each other, and she had left it up to me to plan all of the activities for the night. I knew what she liked just from talking to he and getting to know her, but I was still a bit hesitant. I arrived at her house and was welcomed by a wonderful kiss. She looked gorgeous.

She had on a black and pink skirt and a black shirt from which I could see a bit or her pink bra. Her eyes were brighter than ever. «Are you ready to go?» She asked me. It took me a minute to gather my thoughts, but I finally said «Yes, let's go.» We got into my car and went to one of the nicest restaurants in town. I had always thought it was customary to sit across form each other on a first date, but apparently not. She cuddled right up with me. We ordered our food, and began chatting, just making conversation. «Where are we going after this?» She asked. «Well, we can either go see a movie, or go to a nightclub.»

«Nightclub.» she said. «I haven't been to one of those in quite some time.»

«Me either.» I replied. Ariana was the only person that I knew that drank coffee with her dinner, she said that she had a bit of a caffeine problem. After her fifth cup, she decided that she had had enough. We left the restaurant to head over to the dance club. It was Friday night, and we were going to a club that had just been open for about a month, so I knew there was going to be a bit of a crowd, but I had no idea it was going to be this long. The line was wrapped all the way around the building, and of course, we were at the very back of it. We were so far away from the door, that we were in the parking lot of the building next to the club, which happened to be an auto parts store. The weather was very nice, very clear sky. We stood there continuing or little conversation, and then I noticed that she was acting as though she had to pee. She was somewhat bent over with her hands crossed right in front of her skirt.

«Everything okay over there?» I asked casually.

«I REALLY have to go pee.» She said. I looked over at the auto parts store, but it was closed. We were still towards the back of the line, and not many people were really paying attention to us- they were all sending text messages on their phone or making out in line. «Well, what do you want to?» I asked her. «I don't know, but I need to think of something soon, or I am going to piss my pants.» I looked around trying to find somewhere that would satisfy her needs, but I was unable to find anything. «Let's go down there and see if that McDonalds is open.» She suggested. We quickly walked down to the McDonalds, only to find out that only their drive through was open, not the inside. I could tell that she was going to burst any minute. She had told me that she enjoyed holding, but not like this. I could tell that this was beyond the point of fun, she was quite uncomfortable.

She looked around, and we found a dark secluded area behind a dumpster on the McDonalds parking lot. She took me by the hand and ran over behind the dumpster. I was looking in the parking lot for surveillance cameras, just in case, but it didn't matter. She squatted down, lifted up her skirt and began to piss. She had told me that she hated wearing panties, and tonight was no exception. I saw her cleanly shaven crotch as she began to piss right there in the parking lot. I really wanted to watch her, but I was not sure if it was appropriate. I turned my head away, just to be polite, but while she was pissing, she took my hand and placed it in the stream of her piss. It felt so good. It was so warm, and it was escaping with incredible pressure. My hand was held in front of her cunt for a good 45, being blasted with her warm urine. When she was done, she emitted an almost orgasmic sigh. «Feel better?» I asked ironically.

She smiled and said «You have no idea.»

My hand was still dripping with her urine. I dried it off on my undershirt, and then we continued or journey back to the club. «I like that no panties thing- that was a nice touch, especially on our date.» I said to her. She grinned and said «I did it just for you.»

We continued to walk back to the nightclub, only to find that when we got there, the line was past the auto parts store, as it was getting later in the evening. «Forget it.» She said. «I don't want to wait in this line. What else do you want to do?» She asked. I was stumped. That was all that I had planned for us. I didn't have a backup plan. «I don't know. You pick.» I said to her. She was quiet for a moment, and then her eyes lit up as she smiled. «Okay, I have an idea.» she said. She quickly reached into my pocket to grab my car keys. I figured we were going somewhere special if she wanted to drive my car there. About ten minutes later, my car was parked right back outside her house, but she had taken a different route to get back, just to confuse me, which worked quite well.

She parked my car, got out, and tossed me my keys. We walked in her house and up to her room where she quickly went over to her closet and picked out a nice white pair of panties. «What are you doing?» I asked her. «I thought you hated panties.» She smiled, placed the panties on, and then pushed me down on her bed. She began to take off all of my clothes until I was totally naked.

«Now, I want you to lay down in the middle of the bed», she instructed me. I did as I was asked. She turned around so her back was facing me, took off her shirt and bra, exposing her nicely shaped breasts and small pink nipples. She danced around in front of me for a minute or two, rubbing her breasts, and then began to lick her nipples. «I have a surprise for you.» She said. «Wow, what the hell could that be? I hope it is something wet.» I thought to myself. She jumped on the bed, standing straight up. I watched her standing above me as she continued to rub her breasts. She took one step closer to me so that my cock was right under her panties. «Are you ready?»

«Yes.» I said. She began to wet her panties as she was standing right above me. Her urine began to come out the sides of her panties and hit my stomach, slowly running down to my cock. I was getting quick excited. I was waiting for another huge splash of pee like I saw, (well, rather felt) in the McDonalds parking lot, but so far, I was only getting a few trickles at a time. She would let out 10-15 little drops, and then stop. She started to piss again, give me the same amount, and then stop. She could tell that I was getting very aroused, but she was really enjoying her little teasing game.

She squatted down so that we were almost at eye level, her ass pointed in the air, pussy right above my cock. She let out another large trickle that hit my cock directly. It felt so good, so warm. I reached down towards my cock to touch myself, but she quickly grabbed my hands. «Uh uh, not yet.» she said, smiling gently. She peed on my cock again, and again I reached down. «Nope. Not yet.» I could tell that she was getting quite a kick out of this little teasing game. Finally she said «There is only one place that your hand can go right now.»

«Where is that?» I asked, somewhat dumbfounding. She took my hand and placed it inside of her panties, right against her clit. «Here.» she said. She began to trickle some more, and then more, and the she stopped again, smiling in that cute little «Fooled ya!» way. My hand was once again soaked with her piss. It felt so good. I began to rub my hands together, and she said «Do you want me to do that for you?» I thought she was asking me if I would like her to rub my hands together for me. «Sure.» I said. She quickly stood up, pulled her soaked panties to one side, exposing her dripping pussy. «Okay. Here ya go.» She said. I was then hit with one of the most wonderful blasts of liquid ever. She was pissing all over my chest and my whole body. When she was done, I was completely soaked, and so was her bedspread. She stood there above me, cunt still dripping with urine, and said «Now clean it up!»

«Clean what up?» I asked her. I had no idea what she was talking about.

«This!» she said. She squatted down very quickly and shoved my head into her crotch. I began licking her as fast as I could. She tasted so good. The mix of her pussy and the remaining drops of urine produced a taste that I had never experienced before. It was breathtaking. She was moaning as I was licking her. «That's it!» she screamed. My hands were just kinda dangling next to me, I wasn't really doing anything with them. She quickly grabbed them and placed them on her breasts, making me squeeze them rather hard. I continued licking her until she reached her orgasm, and then we just laid next to each other. We sat there for five or ten minutes, not saying a word, just pondering what we had just done. Being that this was our first date, neither one of us knew it was going to go this far, but we both really enjoyed it. Finally, after about ten minutes of silence, she asked me «Do you want to get cleaned up now?»

«Sure.» I said. I thought that meant that we were going to take a shower together, but when she lead me out to a gazebo in the back yard, I saw no shower, only a hot tub. I stopped at the door, before we went outside. «What's the matter?» She asked. «Nothing, I was just going to get my clothes if we are going to go outside.»

«Oh, come on. You don't need clothes. It's 1:30 in the morning. All the neighbors are asleep. Trust me. Just get your ass out here.» She said. «Get in.» I jumped right in, and she took her piss soaked panties off, laying them right next to a lawn chair. I got into the hot tub and waited for her to come cuddle up next to me. She actually ended up getting in front of me and wrapping her arms around me. Her naked breasts were touching my chest. They felt so nice. «Did you like that?» She asked. «Are you kidding?!» I replied. «That was fucking amazing.» I said. «HEHEHE. Good, because I still have one more surprise for you.»

«Oh my God. Another surprise. What could this be?» I thought to myself. Close your eyes. I did. She reached behind her, grabbed my cock, and began to massage her clit with it. «This is your surprise.» She said. My cock was rock hard by this point, and she took it and shoved it right into her cunt. We had sex outside the hot tub for about the next half hour. She had two more shuddering orgasms, and I ended up cumming on her breasts. We sat in the hot tub and continued to watch the stars.

TO BE CONTINUED...

