Leslie's Wet Shorts

14th September 2005, 10:55 PM

Author: lhansen

Location: WA, USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 164

I had a swing shift job that didn't start until late afternoon. During the summer months the weather could be counted on to be especially warm and a lot of people spent the day at a public beach near my house. Many women still didn't have full time jobs or didn't want to work and so generally «hung out» at this working class neighborhood beach. There was a concession stand and public restrooms although the restrooms were generally unusable. One time I overheard a women say; «I'd never go in there just to pee».

I liked going to this beach because there was little doubt that a lot of these women were peeing in the sand rather than the toilet rooms. Every now and then I would see one of them with a tell tale sign of her indiscretion. A couple of times during a really crowded weekend I would get especially lucky and see some classic wet ass. Most often though I just had to bide my time and hope.

I started keeping a kind of diary to keep track of some of the classic wettings that I witnessed. I had to write them down because I started forgetting and I thought I was alone in the world and didn't know anyone to share them with. The intranet changed all that. I wrote at the time:

«I don't know how often it happens but some women don't consider wetting their pants anything to get excited about. If their pants have partially dried then they might think it'll go unnoticed. I think this is what happened to one sexy brunette. I'll call her Leslie. I really don't know her real name.

It was a nice summer day at the River Park in 1969. About twenty mothers and their children were playing on park equipment and along the waters edge, when an old Buick drove up and parked in the lot. I never noticed until an especially attractive lady walked onto the beach with her son. She was about thirty with red hair to her shoulders and a very trim figure. Boy was she sexy. She just kind of had that walk that said she knew it to.

This lady now, would probably have to be described as a little tough looking. She was wearing a light cream colored sweater and had on a pair of old faded red short-shorts. Her pants accentuated her curvy hips. She was walking almost straight in my direction when I started to lose my breath.

The closer she came, the more I noticed a large dark stain surrounding her crotch. It was a half circle that stretched from the middle of each thigh and appeared to be at least a couple of hours old. Almost the same size stain covered her rear when she walked past me on the way to the concession stand to buy a pop. The outlines of her panties were quite obvious through the damp material and only accentuated her sexiness. There was no question that that she had wet her pants. She probably didn't think anyone would notice since they may have seemed dry to her. Maybe she didn't care.

She walked around a while before returning with her son to some playground equipment. Her condition was just too obvious, but I think I was the only one to really notice. She spent the next hour sitting at a table watching her son play. I couldn't stay and wait for her to get up again because I had to go to work. As I walked out to the parking lot I was checking her out a little closer when our eyes met. She was sitting at the table with her legs crossed.

At the time I remember being really excited about her casual attitude. She seemed unconcerned about peeing herself and may have simply done it because she had to go. Her shorts were cuffed, quite brief and very sexy. If, I could have only stayed longer.»

Please give me some feed back. Particularly if any of you have a similar incident to report. These recollections were written down at the time because I didn't want to forget them and are true.

