My first erotic encounter with a totally strange girl!

22nd October 2009, 11:58 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

This, my wet friends, happened several years ago.. It happened and therefore this is a true story! It was my first really erotic encounter with girls previously unknown to me.. totally strangers..

I was eighteen only a week earlier and thought that now I was old enough to attend a gay club! On the train to Stockholm I was so excited! I fantasized about what it would be like... But I was also very nervous being such an innocent girl... The trip took only 45 minutes and in that time I had to go to the toilet three times to pee! Before I left home I'd nicked from my dad's cocktail cabinet a bottle ( a small one, 35 centilitres) of whisky, which I carried in my handbag. To steady my nerves I had a big gulp from the bottle at my last toilet visit. I wasn't used to alcohol at that time and it was so strong!! I coughed and coughed... But I thought that I should get used so when I'd finished coughing I had another stiff one... And this time it felt better... yeah... really nice actually! I felt much less nervous...

Before I went in to the club I sneaked another sip of whisky. Strengthened I mustered all my courage and entered. I left my coat to the cloakroom attendant. Under it I wore a short, grey, plaited skirt and a light red blouse. Before I left home I hesitated of what I should wear underneath. Just recently I'd discovered how sexy nylon stockings are. I found a magazine on a chair in my class room, where a male class mate had forgotten it. I looked in it and realized that it was a porn magazine and my first reaction was to get rid of it... But then I noticed a series of pictures of a very cute and innocent looking girl undressing. She was wearing nylon stockings and a garter belt and I thought she looked so very sexy! I got very excited and after school I went to the mall and bought three pairs of nylon stockings and a garter belt.

When I came home I went straight to my room, locked the door and tried out my new purchases! It was like a revelation!! I looked at myself in the mirror. I couldn't believe it! Was that sexy girl really me? I stared at the mirror image for several minutes before I realized... that sexy girl was ME!!! I had only the nylon stockings and the garter belt on and I noticed that my nipples protrude; swollen and stiff! Slowly I moved my right hand down in between my thighs and touched my pussy... Aww!!! It was dripping wet!! I carefully stroke my clit; it was also swollen and stiff! And so sensitive... My own mirror image had made me so aroused that it only took a couple of strokes to make me come! I was so taken by surprise, when I came so unexpectedly, that I started to pee! I was so dazed that I didn't bring myself to stop peeing until I'd emptied my bladder totally! From that moment on it has been a fetish of mine to dress sexy underneath, preferably in nylon stockings and garter belt...

Well, I decided to wear a pair of chestnut coloured nylon stockings, a white garter belt with laces and pink panties of high quality Egyptian cotton underneath my grey skirt. No bra!

I sat down at a small, round table and ordered a large beer (which is about an American pint...). I lit a cigarette (there was a short period when I smoked but I quitted after a year and haven't smoked since...) and looked around. Now I was nervous again... I didn't now how to behave properly at a gay club. Should I ask someone for a dance? Or should I just sit and wait for someone to ask me? What should I do if a man asked me? I mean; I wasn't there to dance with guys... I decided to wait and see... In the meantime I continued to look around. To my satisfaction I noted that there were a lot of nice-looking girls. I hoped that some of them would notice little me...

At a table a bit away from me sat four young girls, the youngest maybe of my age and the oldest maybe twenty five... I liked the looks of them and hoped that one of them would ask me... I kept my fingers crossed... and... that seemed to do the trick! The girl that I believed to be the oldest strolled over the floor in my direction. She was rather tall and slim in a loose, short, light blue, shining dress, cut low showing a great deal of her breasts! And she stopped at my table!

- Hi, cutie! Fancy to dance with me?

She took my hand and led me to the dance floor. It was a slow dance and she draw me close to her. She smelled wonderfully and she danced very well! I really enjoyed the dance. Next dance was a tango. A bit nervous I told her that I wasn't used to dance a tango.

- «You'll do fine», she answered. «You're a fine dancer and it'll be no problem, follow my lead!»

So I did and miraculously I could do the tango! She held me very tight in a strong grip and when she took long sliding steps, her thigh pressed in between mine. I parted them so that there would be room and her thigh moved higher up and soon with every step rubbed against my crotch. As she was taller than I and had very long legs, it was almost as I was riding on her thigh! I thought it felt very nice, I became more and more excited from the friction on my pussy and began to pant. After a while I felt a kind of twitches in my abdomen and it became hard to follow the rhythm... Now and then I stumbled...

The music stopped but I didn't notice... I went on rubbing myself against her thigh for at least half a minute until she made me aware of that there was no music any more! She smiled and took my hand and led me back to my table. I was still panting when I sat down! I saw her taking her place at her table and saying something to the other girls. They immediately looked in my direction... I wondered what she'd said.

The music took a break and I ordered a glass of white wine. When the music began again I wondered if I dared to ask her to dance with me. But then I noticed that one of the other girls came up to me. She took me by her hand and without saying anything she led me to the dance floor. The first dance was a fast one and we danced without touching each other... She was very rhythmical and both of us enjoyed the dance. The next dance was slower and we approached each other and eventually we put our arms around the other and continued to dance tight. I felt her leg pressing against mine and I parted them. She was even taller than the first girl and very soon I was riding her on her thigh! The friction was not so hard as in the tango before but I started to feel the same excitement... I panted heavily when the dance was over!

The following dances the four girls were gone, but there were left half empty glasses and an almost full bottle of wine on the table so perhaps they would come back... At least I hoped so.

I danced with a couple of other girls and then three of the girls came back and sat down at their table. When the music started two of the girls rose and went up to dance. It was the two that I've danced with. The third rose and came in my direction... She stopped and hesitated. It was the youngest girl, and the cutest, I thought... She continued her walk and stayed at my table.

- «My friends liked to dance with you! Would you like to dance with me too?»

Sure I did! When we went to the dance floor she stumbled a little. «Too much wine!» she giggled!

I didn't feel exactly sober myself...

It was like we were meant for each other that night! Immediately we pressed our bodies against each other. I felt her hands stroking down my bottom and with a firm grip pulling my body against her. I did the same to her... We parted our legs and pressed a thigh in between them lowering down and rubbing our crotches against the thigh of the other. We were of the same size and I felt her breasts rubbing against mine! Both our skirts rode up on our thighs and I felt her very damp panties on my bare thigh above the nylon stocking. No doubt she felt my soaked panties too! I heard her moan and became aware of that I moaned very loudly as well!

Then I felt that I had to pee! And that it was very, very urgent!

- «I got to pee», I told her. «I'm desperate ! I'll pee myself if I don't go now!»

- «It's ok», she answered. «I too am totally desperate for a pee! But look over there... see the queue? Have you seen the toilets here? I promise you, you don't want to use them... Let's keep on dancing and see what happens...» She giggled...

I just knew that I couldn't hold it for very long... But we went on dancing! It was like our bodies were one! Like I could feel her inside me! I distinctly felt her stiff clit rubbing against my thigh!

- «I'm Lena», she whispered in my ear. «What's your name?»

- «Yvette!»

- «Good! I thought we should know the other's name before I come! Which... which I...I...am doing very soon now!!!»

- «Me too... I'm..m..m s..so close!»

And then I came!!! I bit my lips not to cry out loud!! Simultaneously Lena came!! I heard a sharp cry in my ear!! We stumbled around, bumping in to other pairs on the dance floor! A second orgasm hit me and that made it! I peed myself! All over Lena's thigh!! But at that moment I couldn't care less! Peeing myself intensified my orgasm!! So I felt a flood of warmth on my thigh! Lena peed herself too!!

At the dance floor it was very dark and I don't think anyone noticed that we peed but certainly many of them noticed our orgasms!!

Lena lived nearby and we went to her place and continued to make love all the night! And also continued to pee... And the next day Lena followed me to my home. I introduced her to my parents and told them that I've asked her to stay a couple of days... I'm not quite sure they approved but they didn't object... We were together for almost a year although we lived in different cities. But... awwww!!!! What fun we had!!!

