Desperation forced me to let go in the car!

18th July 2007, 03:15 PM

Author: EASYTIGER10

Location: You knighted King Dom (Sex: Male) Posts: 735

This was very silly, but hey! I'd been shopping and it was a nice day and I thought - let's go for a drive! I already needed to pee but was no where near desperate so thought nothing of it. I'd bought a big bottle of Coke, and because it was hot in the car, and I'd not drunk since breakfast, I took a LONG swig. Then another. And another - till I'd drank half the bottle. That was the silly bit!

Anyway I was about half an hour out from home when the need to pee really hit in! "Oh dear" I thought (Yes, we're so polite in England.) I was actually on a stretch of Road I wasn't familiar with, but knew basically where I was so headed back in the direction I thought was home. Well it was - kinda. But due to detours, I was driving for a good 20 minutes before I knew where I was! By now desperation had set in. I could feel the coke gushing into my bladder now, and pressing against my belt. I loosened it, but also managed to press against my bladder! Oh dear again! "This is getting serious" I thought with rising panic! I couldn't do much practical about it, what with driving and wearing jeans, so decided to drive on and hope I'd make it. A big miscalculation it turned out!

Every second was agony now. The desperation came in waves, and I clenched myself so hard I thought I was going to rupture something! It felt like the pee was building up at the bottom of the shaft and was going to gush out. Funilly enough, less than a minute later it did! I was trying to time my clenches to co-incide with the spasms of desperation

- which was fine - until I got distracted! Coming round a bend I almost slammed into the back of a tractor pulling a trailerful of feed. I braked hard and thats when it happened. The seatbelt dug into my already strained bladder, and was immediately followed by a warm feeling in my lap. I looked down and saw a rapidly spreading patch of dark blue on the lap of my jeans. Where my slightly hard cock helmet pressed against the denim, a shiny film appeared as the piss left the end of my cock at high pressure. The tight fabric only made things worse (I was going commando at the time!) and rubbed against my helmet as I moved, causing my cock to stiffen slightly more and make a round topped hill in my jeans.

"Noooo!" I thought! With extreme effort I managed to stem the flow. I held on for dear life as I eventually managed to get past the tractor and speed home in 5 minutes. I still had most of my pee left inside as I parked in the drive, and with legs crossed fumbled with my keys to get in. With the combined pressure, rubbing, and - I admit - the distinct horny feeling I now had, I was getting pretty erect - in the warm weather there were people all over the place - people coming back from shopping, couples walking, kids playing on the green. If they'd seen the state I was in, I don't know WHAT they'd have thought!

Once inside, I dashed upstairs to the bathroom and tore my jeans open. Reaching inside, I managed to pull my wet, hard, and slightly slimy cock from it's soaking nest and point it at the toilet bowl. I thick rod of yellow pee immediately shot out, frothing in the bowl and sending splashes back to me. A full 2 minutes of high pressure hosing followed as I emptied the last of my strained bladder. By now I was intensely turned on and my cock quickly swelled as I rubbed furiously. Finally I shot a splodge of white goo at the toilet lid followed by several smaller ones, as my intense orgasm washed over me, making my legs wobble.

Anyway, that's how my last shopping trip went, how about you?

