The Shopping Trip (Part One)

3rd February 2008, 08:00 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

«We're going to have a good day,» her mother said, as the two of them were getting dressed. They had both enjoyed warm showers where each admitted afterwards to peeing boldly into the tub while scrubbing their bodies. «I'm going to take you clothes shopping,» her mother said, confidently. Kiki wondered if there were other intentions besides shopping, but she did not say.

Cheryl chose a knee-high black skirt and gorgeous light blue blouse that accentuated her perfect breasts. Kiki had always been envious of her mother's breasts and hoped that she would eventually inherit the blessing. «You should pick a cute skirt, too,» her mother advised. Now Kiki began to suspect that there was more to this day out than perusing the stores for clothing and her excitement returned.

Eagerly, she pulled her black mini-skirt up her legs and slipped on a low-cut spaghetti-strap shirt. Her mother nodded approval as they stepped out the door like long-lost best friends reunited.

Once in the car, Kiki was surprised (or perhaps not) to see two thick towels spread across both seats. Her mother winked, as if reading her mind. «Just in case,» she said, smiling. Kiki felt that just in case might be sooner than her mother thought as her bladder again made its presence known. She did not say anything, however, as they crawled into the car and her mother gladly put it into gear.

Thirty minutes into the drive, Kiki was squirming. She was still not sure about peeing in her mother's car, in spite of the soft towel beneath her bottom. She was sure her mother intended to eventually soak the towel, since she had discreetly lifted her skirt from beneath her and scooted it out of harm's way. Although Kiki mimicked her mother's actions and scooted her own skirt from beneath her, peeing in a car seat was not the same as wetting her bed, or soaking her bathing suit, or peeing freely into the tub. As she squirmed again, though, she drew closer and closer to her decision.

«Mom,» she began, «I've got to pee.» Cheryl just smiled, seeming to understand her daughter's reluctance.

«Then just go, sweetheart. I put those towels down for a reason. It's gonna be a long drive and I don't want to have to stop anywhere.» Butterflies in her stomach, Kiki nodded and spread her legs apart slightly. She could tell by the familiar pressure against her abdomen that she was going to have a little trouble letting go in this new, uncommon place. She closed her eyes and imagined that she was sitting on a toilet seat instead of in a car. At once, warm wetness filled her panties. The hissing was audible over the hum of the car as her pee saturated her underwear and drenched the towel beneath her with delicious warmth that spread across her bottom. Her eyes still closed, she bit her lip to stifle an oncoming orgasm as the flow tickled her clitoris.

«Sounds like you're having a bit of fun over there,» her mother said.

«Mmm hmm,» Kiki mumbled. After a brief thirty seconds, she was finished and opened her eyes again. When she did, she was treated to the sight of her mother, legs spread, hissing a warm stream into the towel beneath her as she drove. Her skirt was hiked up to her upper thighs, so Kiki could barely make out the trickle that fell from between her mother's legs and caused the light blue towel to glisten as it successfully absorbed her pee. Kiki was amazed that her mother's expression did not change while she continued to drive and pee as if it were the most natural act. The hissing sound increased as the trickle grew to a spray that passed over the towel and a few drops struck the seat.

«Oops,» Cheryl giggled, «little hard to control it while I drive. Oh, what the hell.» To Kiki's surprise, her mother cut off the flow and scooted forward a little in her seat. A few seconds later, she sighed blissfully and just let her pee flow as it filled her panties and skirt and fell in tiny rivulets to the floor. Kiki smiled as she could finally see her mother struggling to keep control of the car as this new uninhibited feeling overtook her. She envied her mother as she imagined how wonderfully warm the urine must feel pooling beneath her bottom as well as the incredible sensation of the spray against her clitoris as it poured out unrestrained, soaking the towel, car seat, and floor. Cheryl bit her lip and finally could not hold back a blissful yelp as a tiny, but wonderful, orgasm seized her senses and she gripped the steering wheel to maintain control.

After an interesting forty-minute drive, Cheryl finally pulled the car into the mall parking garage, beaming cheerfully as she did so. Kiki peeked out the window inquisitively, spotting a few girls who looked her age, a blonde and two brunettes, standing around a car, smoking. Without meaning to, Kiki devised an imaginary conversation in her head among the three girls.

«Just pee here, behind the car, no one's looking,» one of them said.

«I'm just gonna go in my pants, since we're leaving anyway,» the blonde whispered. «Just don't tell anybody, okay?» Kiki's mother turned the corner and the girls were out of sight, but Kiki delightfully imagined a dark, wet patch beginning at the crotch of the blonde girl's jeans and spreading down her legs.

What was wrong with her? Something had changed in the past few days, and drastically. She had wet the bed, walked around naked in front of her mother, peed on her kitchen floor, and even soaked her mom's car seat. Not to mention the things she had watched her mother do, all without remorse or uneasiness. Now she was inventing fantasies in her head of perfect strangers wetting themselves.

She wasn't sure how, but Kiki knew once her mother pulled the car into the parking space that she would be wetting her skirt here in the parking lot later. There were very few cars around and it would be the perfect place.

«Let's go,» her mother said, smiling.

