Oriental hot springs part 2

22nd March 2013, 10:06 PM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 2 of my first story attempt.

Part 1 can be found here: $/community/...ead.php?t=54674

So what did I do? Yes I went to their room which was across the hall of my room. Of course in Japan when you are staying in a Japanese style hotel you don't wear clothes after you have bathed but a robe or kimono with nothing underneath. You eat in this robe also, most of the time in your room but sometimes in their eating facilities as they call it instead of «restaurant'.

I knocked on the door, door sliding open, woman on her knees opening the door and they began applauding and welcoming me in the room. Food had just arrived and was on the table and they made a place for me. In the group about 1 or 2 women spoke a bit of English so we could have some conversation.

After the initial introductions they started to inform me about the unwritten social rules and habits in Japan and the most important rule: «When you are in a group you should never pour your own drinks, you pour someone else's drink first than you pass the bottle and they pour yours and the person the other side of them. If your drink is still full to the rim it is polite to take a large sip or finish the glass complete, depending how big they are, so the other person can fill it up.

They asked what drink I would like, (of course my naughty thought came in but I suppressed it) beer it will be, ok, they were already on the warm rice wine. Cheers everybody, took a large sip and another lady was already holding the bottle to refill me.

But I can do this trick also so I started to collect the rice wine bottles near me and filling them up as well. Japanese people tend to get drunk very quickly so I had to watch out, enough to make them naughty but not too much so they would pass out.

We started eating but most of the time they were feeding my, they liked to take turns in bringing with great skill with the chopsticks the food to my mouth.

Purposely they had the belts around their kimonos a bit loose so occasionally when they leaned over to feed me a robe would fall open a bit or a it would show their presence. They did not bother to hide it. They would move their legs while in conversation and the robe would slide up a bit.

They had all the tricks prepared to flirt and to play with a man that's for sure. Who says Japanese women are 2 steps behind the man, humble and a servant. Over the years I found out that the women there are the boss, they walk to steps behind and holding a invisible leash. The man gives his full paycheck to his wife and in return he will get an allowance for drinking and partying but the wife runs the home and everything else almost.

Occasionally they dropped a piece of food like sushi of rice ball in my lap during «feeding time' so they would pick it up by hand and make sure they got a feel of what was developing there under my robe to check if they were doing the right moves to arouse me, and of course which they did….

Karaoke in the room, time for turning down the lights a bit and do some singing. During as singing break the announced a little game, most of these games consists of gambling or in this case rock, scissors, paper. 2 out of 3 and the looser has to do something what the winner wants or take the robe off. First a few women started playing the game. First the looser got some chores to do, very innocent like singing a song which the winner selected or drink on glass down in one go or doing a dance, you know what I am talking about, just to see if I am enjoying this. But slowly it stats becoming a bit hot in the room and a little smell of hot female genitals entered my nostrils, just a short light whiff. Something is going to happen.

Second round of games the winner telling the looser to come over to me and give me a kiss on the cheek , another lady was told to dare to feel what is under my robe but she choose not to and had to take her robe off. I was playing also after the second round and won first a couple of times but when I lost all the ladies started soft screaming from excitement. I had chosen to play the game so I should obey the rules. Kiss the ladies, strangely enough the winner never choose the be kissed but always choose another woman the be kissed. They asked me if I was ok with this game and I said of course, very nice (HELL YEAH!!!my brain said to me).

Situation was getting out of hand a bit…not… Within 10 minutes most of the kimono's were piled up including mine and..you can only take of a piece of clothing once, after that you have to do what you are told. Wet pussies everywhere, as if» I «ve died and gone to heaven» as the old saying goes, no one would every believe this. Jeez I wished I had masturbated a few hours before so I would last longer, it was getting harder and harder both the double meanings, my shaft was jumping out of its skin almost. From feeling each other up it turn to licking and sucking, just for a minute each time or so because the game has to go on. It was becoming more like the «truth or dare game'. One lady started to laugh uncontrollably and started squirting, pissing short spurts and everybody was ok with it.

That gave the idea by some for a very naughty dare! The toilet was in the hallway and a almost 2 minute walk so they dared to piss in a container in view of everyone so they would not have to go out. Almost all had to pay more or less, so the game was played and the looser peed in an almost empty dish. Of course the next dare was the next looser has to they a sip or be out of the game. At one time a drunk naughty lady took a piece of rice in the chopsticks and fed it me. Loved it just writing this makes me hard again.

Next step a woman licking another woman to an orgasm but must do it so well that she squirts or pees when the she comes. Then it was my turn and a lady sat on my face and filled my mouth up and I had to share it by kissing another lady. Then they asked me if I could pee in a bowl so they could pass it on to the loser next round. I couldn't I said, can't pee with a hard on.

«no problem» they said, and They made me sit on the table and taught of another game, each one ot them had to suck me for 20 seconds and took turns. The one who made me cum has to show it to the others and is the winner of the evening and swallow my juice. I really tried to postpone it but I could not, I lasted a full round, I wanted to be nice and give everyone a chance to have a taste but by the 2nd one in the 2nd round I blew. So much that it leaked from her mouth, but not a drop was wasted because she was swarmed by the other women to give a sample and drops on the way to ground were miraculously swapped up by some ones mouth like a hummingbird.

After that one more round of the game after I had pissed in a bowl and the ladies each had a taste. And here and there some more squirting and pissing but everyone was empty by now. Evening came to an end. As you may have noticed no fucking was done. They told me thanks for the wonderful evening and said something similar to the phrase «what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas'.

