The month of April (fiction)

29th June 2019, 09:36 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

The Month Of April

"Do you guys have a minute to talk?." Stephanie watched impatiently as Brandon ground out a bench press.

I helped Brandon rack the weight. He sat up. "What's up Steph?"

"I want to talk to you guys about April." Stephanie took a breath. "You have to understand" she just got out of the convent."

"Yeah, so?" Brandon shrugged. "So she doesn't want to be a nun."

"Stop looking at my breasts and listen! She's ... she's got this major sex drive.. and she doesn't know the first thing about guys "

"We understand." Brandon nodded seriously.

"Look Stephanie it's totally cool.," I cut in. "April will have her own bedroom and bathroom. And it is a huge house.."

"Rick, were you just looking at my crotch?!"

"No.. Stephanie, please."

Stephanie gave me a contemptuous look. "You might have inherited a fucking mini-mansion, but you're so broke you've gotta rent out rooms to pay the taxes."

"Yeah, something like that."

Stephanie rolled her eyes, "Brandon has more money than you!"

Brandon laughed uncomfortably,"Steph... if your best friend inherited a super cool house wouldn't you want to live there?"

Stephanie snickered, "Rick's your best friend? You have friends in the Kappa's who are actually cool."

"I'm not cool?" I shot back."Stephanie, I think that April would rather live with us than with you and your nerdy Christian Sorority friends."

"The Phi's aren't a Christian sorority, we're just really serious students."

"Rick.." Brandon gave me a disapproving look "The Phi's are cool. We.. the Kappa's, do a lot of mixers with them."

I wanted to say something derogatory about the Kappa's being the richest, nerdiest, fraternity on campus, but I bit my tongue. As a twenty-two year old virgin I wasn't one to talk.

"Listen Rick," Stephanie gave me a serious look " ..you guys are both adults, and April is twenty-five... If you ever"" ". just make sure that she's not drunk, and that it's consensual."

"Yes mother!" Said s big football player waiting for the bench press.

Stephanie ignored him, "I've gotta go."

The footballer watched Stephanie as walked out of the gym."Is the girl who's going to rent the room from you hot?"

Brandon nodded, "She sort of looks like a young Reese Witherspoon."

"She's not that tall, " I added, "..but she has really nice hips and breasts!"

###

The first two weeks we rarely saw April. She would come and go very quietly. I still got together with Brandon to lift weights, but he wasn't around the house much either. He seemed to suddenly prefer to spend all of his time with his frat.

I started hanging out at the University library. April, her Asian friend Wendy, and Stephanie were always outside at their favorite table on the second floor balcony.

I was between two bookcases spying on April and Stephanie -- out on the balcony -- when I felt a gentle nudge on my shoulder.

"Mmm.." Wendy nuzzled her head against my shoulder. Her long gorgeous shiny black hair hung well below her shapely little rear. "Rick", she pressed a hard nipple against my arm and set her hand softly on my crotch.

"Wendy..". My voice shook slightly as I felt myself helplessly growing hard.

Wendy grinned like an idiot. "April has this fantasy" where she's at a boy's party.." Wendy softly rubbed my bulging crotch. "...And all of his friends are there. She lets the boys strip her, suck on her breasts" and the fuck her!" Wendy began rubbing more aggressively. "And she even let's the boys brothers, and father's fuck her too!"

"Wendy," I gasped, "..that's the sort of fantasy that could get her into trouble."

Wendy nodded grinning ear-to-ear. "Just thought I'd let you know." She gave me a quick warm kiss on the cheek and let go.

My heart pounded hard as I watched Wendy's curvy rear and shapely hips, covered in blue jeans, as she walked away.

"Rick." Stephanie just about gave me a heart attack.

"Yeah?" I turned around.

"Nice pup tent." Stephanie smirked. "What was Wendy talking to you about?"

"Some fantasy of April's.."

Stephanie laughed, "Wendy was just fucking with you. She's a total pervert sometimes. But Rick.."

"Yeah?"

"Stop stalking us. It's creepy as hell!"

###

"Incontinent daughter." Brandon grinned. "It's Japanese with subtitles."

"Incontintent?"I took a sip of Coca-Cola, "I don't think I want to see this one." Ordinarily we would be drinking beer and watching the porn on the seventy-five inch TV in the livingroom, but with April just a few rooms away we had to be a bit more discreet.

A super cute Japanese woman -- in a short blue pleated skirt and a white blouse -- was jumping up and down next to the front door. "Mommy! Mommy!! Mommy!!! I'm going to work with daddy!?"

"Yes Tamaki!" The older woman nodded.

Tamiki went skipping out the door holding her father's hand.

They didn't get very far before Tamiki started walking funny -- with her knees pressed together. "Daddy! Tinko! Tinko!"

Her father looked around nervously. Tamiki let go of his hand and urgently pulled her panties down, to her knees, and raised her skirt exposing her hairy pussy.

Brandon snickered "A little girl wouldn't have a fucking hairy pussy. How old is she supposed to be?"

"I don't know,." I laughed. "...you're the one that picked this one.

Tamaki squatted and began peeing powerfully on the sidewalk. Her father smiled awkwardly as he stood in front of her ineffectively blocking the view.

"I love it!" Brandon burst out laughing. "The Japanese are terrible!"

"Shhhh, April's gonna hear us and this one really is terrible."

Tamiki skipped along behind her father onto the subway. They took a seat and no sooner did the subway start moving when again Tamiki pressed her knees together -- "Daddy! Tinko! Tinko!"

"Again?!" Her father glanced around the subway nervously

Tamiki nodded adamantly got up, pulled her panties down, and squatted in front of the seat.

Her father stood up fast and smiled awkwardly as his daughter flooded the floor of the subway. The passengers looked away in embarrassment

Her father quickly pulled her panties up and they exited the subway.

CLICK!

Looking calm cool and collected the man entered his office building with smiling Tamaki holding his hand. A man and woman greeted them and handed him some papers.

"Daddy!" Tamiki tugged at his pants leg. "Tinko! Tinko!"

Her father ignored her and began talking to the woman. Tamiki backed up, looked around, pulled her panties down and raised her skirt.

Her father was discussing something important with the woman.

A thick stream of pee burst from Tamiki's hairy pussy, and began forming a puddle on the carpet. Her father spun around in shock. "No Tamiki! No! Not here". He glanced back at the other man, and woman.-- who hadn't noticed Tamiki yet. "Come with me!" He guided the man and woman further into the office.

"Suki!" Tamiki cried out with delight as a second man, and his daughter entered the office. Tamiki almost fell down as she ran to Suki with her panties around her ankles.

"Tamiki!" her father came rushing over and pulled her panties up.

Mr Miyagi" Suki's father extended his hand. "I see you brought your daughter, she is turning into quite the young lady."

"Yes"...Yes we're quite". proud of her." Mr Miyagi nodded with pride."She's going to be attending University next year."

Johnny burst out laughing, "How old is she supposed to be?! This is so fucking wrong on so many levels!!"

Mr Miyagi looked around in confusion, "Now where did our young ladies run off to?"

"They can't be far." Suki's father reassured him. "Let's get to the meeting."

A man in a double breasted suit was setting up a video projector while people began pouring into the room. He got down on his knees and lifted the table cloth to plug the projectors plug into the floor outlet.

"Tinko, tinko." Tamiki and Suki smiled at him from under the table. They were squatting, side-by-side, their panties around their knees, their skirts raised, and their raw hairy pussies fully exposed. First Tamiki began peeing, then Suki.

"They sure piss enough!" Brandon laughed.

"Yeah, Brandon they're incontinent..."

The man shook his head disapprovingly and plugged the cord in. He stood back up, like nothing had happened and tried the computer. It didn't work, so he got back down on his knees.

He raised the table cloth. Suki and Tamiki greeted him with raised eyebrows mouthing "Wow!". They were on their backs their legs spread -- one hand raising their blouses to expose their breasts, the other spreading their pussies. Their skirts and panties were in a pile on the floor

The man appeared a bit flustered as he fumbled to plug the cord in. He collected himself and stood back up. He nonchalantly turned the computer on and began the meeting.

He was standing close to the table as he worked the computer and talked. The camera panned down. The girls were undoing his zipper!

A look of shock crossed his face as Tamiki pulled his cock out and began sucking on it, then Suki joined in. The man valiantly continued his presentation while the girls licked, sucked, and stroked his engorged member more and more passionately.

"This is fucking insane!" Johnny exploded with laughter.

"It's really bad.."

"April!" I spun around in shock.

"Sorry I should have knocked." April flushed. She looked at Brandon who had frozen the screen and seemed unsure of what to do next. "She's really cute."

###

I came home Friday afternoon to find Brandon's red Maserati parked out front, and Brandon on the back patio. cooking steaks, potatoes wrapped in aluminum foil, and zucchini's, on the big wood fired grill. He was carefully adjusting the grill with the big crank.

"If you cook too close to the fire the steaks will taste like gasoline." Brandon explained.

I nodded, "Where's the beer? I could sure use one."

"I didn't get any, but you can have a Coke." Brandon pointed at the ice chest. "I invited April. Let's just... try playing things cool for once."

"Okay.."

"Here she comes." Brandon said quickly. "Remember 'cool'."

April awkwardly pushed her way through the French doors, leaning backwards as she lugged out a case of beer. "De Dolle Dulle Teve!"

Brandon looked shocked. "Woah, April, you brought 'Mad Bitch'?! Where did you find that?"

"At the Liquor Mart.." April set the case down. "Wendy helped me pick it out" Do people really call it 'Mad'.." She hesitated, "..'Bitch'?"

"Yeah, because of the picture on the label."

"She does look angry." April agreed. "Is this supposed to be an angry beer?" April grinned nervously.

"It's ten percent alcohol."

"Is that a lot?"

Brandon laughed. "The average beer is a little over three."

"Sounds great! I'll get a bottle opener." I ran inside, grabbed a couple from the kitchen, and hurried back out.

April was over with Brandon at the grill. "You can see the whole University from up here." April peered over the railing down into the valley below.

"Yeah, we've got a hell of a view up here." Brandon glanced back at me. "Rick, how many acres you got? Twenty?"

"Yeah just slightly over twenty." I carried the case of beer over to them. "You guys want a beer?"

"Ye-s!" April said emphatically. I handed her a beer but she just held it and studied the picture on the label.

"What the hell." Brandon grinned broadly. "Beer me!" He eagerly grabbed the beer and took a generous sip.

April took a tiny cautious sip. "I love the broad leaf maples and white pines here."

"That's right," Brandon nodded, "..you're a horticulture major."

"I love it." April smiled. "Gardening is so peaceful." She took a big sip of beer. "But I don't know what I am going to do with it. Maybe I should have gone into something practical, like architecture -- like Rick did."

Brandon almost spit beer out of his mouth laughing. "It's only practical if you're any good at it. Have you seen Rick's designs?"

"Hey! I might not be the world's greatest architect but at least it's more fun than business!"

"Making a lot of money is fun." Brandon countered.

"Yeah, but some ways of making money are more fun than others!"

"Okay okay, you guys!" April cut in. "Let's get back to beer and steaks."

Brandon sighed."The steaks should just about be done."

"Grilling is sort of Brandon's specialty. His dad's got a grill like this at home." I explained to April. "Brandon's teaching me how to use it. But.." I decided to throw it in. "I'm not half bad with that bad boy." I pointed to the drum shaped smoker."

"Rick makes some bad ass ribs!" Brandon pulled the steaks potatoes and zucchini from the grill.

"Perfect! Next Friday Rick can cook!" April smiled.

"You bet!"

The food was excellent and it felt good to get a little drunk with April, who talked up a storm about her time in the convent.

I"That went better than I expected." Brandon stood at the railing looking down at the lights of the town in the dark as he finished his third beer.

"And we even got to drink a little beer." I lay back on the outdoor recliner feeling very drunk and relaxed.

April had stumbled off to bed after her third beer, but she had smiled at us and genuinely seemed happy when she said goodnight.

###

Unlike Brandon I liked to sleep in on the weekends, but the smells of bacon, and coffee, drew me to the kitchen.

"Wow April, you cooked us breakfast?"

"Yeah" since you guys cooked me dinner." April prepared me a plate of French toast, bacon, and eggs. "Sleepyhead, I was wondering when you were going to get up. Brandon ate and left already."

"That's Brandon."

"I know what you mean about doing a job you enjoy." April began cautiously. "Rick.."

"Yeah?"

"I uh.. I uh.. I heard you inherited a lot of money."

"Not yet." I laughed. "It's still tied up in probate."

"When will you get it?"

"I don't know.. Why do you ask?"

April shrugged, "I work at the Book Bindery three days a week. It's". really really boring.."

I nodded.

"Its like you said." April took a breath. "There are a lot more exciting ways to make money." She flashed me a grin and flushed suddenly.

"April?"

"Yeah.."

"Why don't we invite Wendy to the barbecue on Friday? I will cook baby back ribs."

"You want Wendy to come?"

"Yeah, why not?"

"I don't know.." April shrugged her shoulders and turned back to the coffee maker. "Okay, I'll invite her."

###

Monday afternoon when I met with Brandon at the gym to lift weights I could tell something was on his mind.

"Rick," Brandon gave me a hard serious look. "We've got a female roommate. Don't go leaving Hustler magazines around the living room."

"Hustler magazines? I don't have any Hustler magazines."

A look of shock crossed Brandon's face. "It was an old issue from the seventies. I hid it on top of the bookcase."

###

I was on the third floor of the library, picking my way through architecture books when I spotted Wendy coming my direction. Her hips looked curvier than normal in the grey leggings which also seemed to show a little camel toe. Her breasts lifted the black fabric of the old "Def Leppard" shirt so it hung a few inches in front of her tiny waist.

I faced the bookcase pretending not to notice Wendy.

"Rick.." Wendy purred as she pressed her body against me from the back. She gripped me with a hand on my chest and another on my crotch. "Rick.." She began humping the back of my leg while she rubbed my crotch. "April has a new fantasy..She quits her job, and you and Brandon pay all of her expenses...In exchange you, and Brandon, get to have sex, or do whatever you feel like with her...whenever you want!"

I pulled Wendy's hands off of me,turned around, and faced her as she grinned at me like a maniac. A look of shock crossed her face as I grabbed her aggressively, pulled her against me and kissed her full on her warm damp lips.

Wendy struggled in my arms and I let go "Fuck you.." She said under her breath. She took a couple of steps back, "Fuck you Rick!" She turned and ran.

