Mom's friend

23rd June 2007, 01:49 AM

Author: xplorer999

Location: Europe (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

Well, one day when I was 18,while I was home with my mom she decided to have a little gathering of her friends.

Now my mom's best friend who is around 35 years old has beautiful tits, a D cup I think, and very long legs. We will say her name is Caroline. Whilst she was there she started flirting with me. Now at first I thought I was a little scared but then my seven inch stallion was pumping!

When I went to the bathroom she looked at me and smiled. No one was up there at the time. When I went into the bathroom I left the door a little open and hit the shower. After some minutes,she walked in the door.

"I need to use the toilet, she said". "Is it ok with you?"

I nodded as my mouth went dry.

She commented on how big my penis was for my age.

Then she liftet up her dress, lowerd her panty, and sat down.

(Caroline was my ex gf's mom also).

She also commented on how she loved hearing her daughter and I have sex.

I remember having hears some soft moans from her room after my ex gf and I had finished our love making. Now I knew why.

When she revealed her shaven pussy to me, my boner got rock hard.

Then I saw the first drops of pee escape her, and with a sigh of relief, she let loose a stream of pee in the water below her. But then, a couple of seconds later, she cut of the stream.

"I think I need to wait untill you have finshed your shower", she said. "But hurrry up,please".

"But why...",I started and but then I understood .

"I am very dirty",I said with a grin.

"Oh, hurry up will you", she laughed, and as she did, she released another jet of pee.

I rinsed of, got out of the shower, and grabbed a towel.

"Can I see it before I leave?", I asked her.

She nodded in agony."Ok,but hurry up"

I bowed down in front of her, as she spread her legs a little.

Wow,I thought.

I reached out my right hand and touched her wet soft pussy lips.

"Oooh,stoop", she said, as she shivered.

My hand got wet and warrm, as she started dripping again.

She grabbed my arm and forced me to my feet.

"No leave,lad", she said with a laugh.

I looked down at her sweet face and also noticed her big breast in the deep opening of her dress. Her nipples were rock hard.

Before I could stop myself, I had both hands down her dress and started to play with her breasts.

A deep moan escaped her, as another jet of pee hit the bowl. She embraced me with both arms, and I pushed my boner against her now revealed breasts.

That was all I could take. I shot my wad all over her tits and shoulders.

As I did, she let go of me and pushed me backwards.

"Crazy lad,get out", she grunted as she lost totally control down there.

A strong stream shot out of her naked pussy.

"Oh thats nice" , she moaned and closeed her eyes. A shudder of relief (and lust , I guess)hit her and made her push hard.

I froze in my tracks and just watched her with amazement, as my right hand went south to work on another boner.

She opened her eyes, moaned again, and shuddered as she gave another push.

"Oh my, I am going to cum", she grunted. "It is like being fucked in the butt".

She grabbed her tits, pinched her nipples.

Then she shuddered again, arched her back and cried out as she relieved herself heavily in a shuddering and splashing orgasm.

I shot my wad again right after., all over the floor.

"Oh, my gosh", she moaned, "open the window,clean up and leave me alone".

I did as she wished, but before I left the bathroom, I gave her deep kiss.

She seemed surprised at first, but then she responded with lust. I noticed her hand "went south", and she started to masturbate herself slowly.

Right then, we heard someone comming up the stairs. I grabbed my towel and hurried out the door.

I stood outside the door, as if I was waiting to go in, when another lady came up.

"It is occupied", I said.

"That is ok, Caroline and I are friends", she said and walked in the door.

Oh my ...,she whispered.

There on the toilet a few meters in front of us, were Caloline sitting with spread legs and masturbating furiolsly with har eyes closed, lost from this world.

"I need to cum, I need to cum, she moaned".

Her friend just froze dead in her tracks. Oh, my ....

A hissing sound came from her crotch as she wet herself in shock .

I figured I'better leave, so I closed the dor and went to my room, totally amazed and confused about what had happened.

What took place in the bathroom afterwards, I will never now. I never talked to Caroline about the incident after that day, but I will never forget it.

