As the lions roared

3rd December 2010, 07:20 PM

Author: kaele1gh

Location: Somewhere special (Sex: Female) Posts: 982

This is long so i forgive anyone who does not read it. It does get good though. Some of this happened on my recent trip, some of it did not...~!

I stared out the window at the sun beating down on the hard ground, the temperature was hot enough to suck to the air from my lungs as soon as I ventured out of my small bungalow~! Not that I minded the heat, in fact I love it~! The hotter the better, after all, I live in Africa... it is supposed to be hot~! But today not even the brightness of the sun could make my mood brighten, and, as I bent to pick up my work boots from outside, automatically shaking them in case of wayward creepies or snakes, a small round fat tear escaped and plopped onto the dry dusty earth. I shook my head and absently swiped at my eyes, almost angrily. Damn. Why was life so hard? My heart ached, and I felt I could not breathe and it was not all the fault of the hot air, either.

Since my last adventure with the poachers, Mike and I had spent one other magical night together, and it had been amazing. He was fun, and funny, and he understood my love for the bush because he loved it too, perhaps even more than I did. The moment he had touched me that night I had quivered, and after the most amazing wet sex, we had lain together on my bed, holding each other tightly, and we had chatted all night. I had never felt closer to anyone before in my life. Or more at ease. I had no inhibitions at all, lying there completely naked with him. My body, soul and heart naked to him. And after touching led to the inevitable conclusion again, I watched him after he fell asleep, his face softer in repose than when awake, the lines from the sun softened by rest.

Mike was an amazing lover, unselfish and determined to please me more than he pleased himself. He was knowledgeable, and good, and at ease with sex and all it entails. Our sex was messy and fun, and good. Oh so very good. I loved it. And as I looked at him, as I watched him sleeping, and snuggled against him, I realised I loved him. It shocked me a little but also made me giggle softly in the darkness, delighted and elated by the revelation. Mike did not want staff talking about me, about us, so as the sun rose that morning I woke him and we kissed and he dressed. I Walked with him, naked, and kissed him at the door and watched him walk away~! I was sad watching him go, but for two days the smile on my face would not die. I waited anxiously for him to contact me, to call, or sms, or something.

But he did not. I know he is busy, and I know he is not romantic, and I know he hates sms's and calls. But I expected he would contact me somehow, that he would say something. It hurt. It hurt like a physical blow. But I decided to be upbeat instead. So I decided I would host a dinner that weekend. I was starting a course facilitating for private game lodge managers on the following Monday, and would be going away for 10 days to stay at one of the lodges to run the course. I had been looking forward to this for ages, I love the subject I was to facilitate, and I knew I would be staying in luxury for a while. I was also keen to go out into a different part of the bush, still bushveldt, still open to the national game park, but a different area. It was going to be such fun exploring an unknown area~! But I was sad to leave right now, at this moment, as I was connecting with Mike.

So I planned a dinner for the Saturday night, inviting a few other friends from nearby, including a volunteer named Viv and her boyfriend Hank. I had high hopes for the evening and put tremendous effort into the dinner and my own appearance. I wore a dress. Yes, a dress, lol~! A light blue floral sundress with a plunging neckline. It looked good on me, clinging to my breasts and waist then flaring out slightly, in a loose, soft cotton fabric, to above my ankles. I loved it and felt good in it. I lit candles, used my laptop for mood music, opened the wine to breathe and waited. Mike never came, everyone else did, but Mike never did. He never called, never sms'd, nor did he respond to my call or to my sms. I pasted a bright smile on my face and hosted my butt off~! Everyone had a great time, except me.

I left on Monday without seeing him, and at the lodge I had NO reception whatsoever. After the first couple of days the heaviness in my heart lifted as I made new friends, had fun doing what I love, and as I explored a new area. I saw everything, from wild dog to my personal favourite, leopard. I walked and drove every day, after class, an advantage of having the Head Ranger of the lodge where I was staying in my class.

And I had returned last night, early evening, after a great ten days. I was glad to be back but I had hoped I would find at least one message from Mike on my email or cell once I got back to a reception area. There was nothing. Not a thing.

So here I was, the day after I had arrived back, angry at the tears that slid from my eyes~! This week I had work to do from my unit, not in class, as I was developing learning materials and marking workbooks all week. So I dried my tears, put out some seed for the birds and other critters, and made coffee.

As I set up my pc, and went about mundane things, my pain subsided slightly. I decided I would do emails and workbooks first, then later in the week work on the learning materials. I passed most of the day on the workbooks, a tough and demanding task, so it kept my mind off my feelings, which was good. Before I knew it, it was late afternoon. Viv had said she would drop by after work, and she finished at 5pm that day, as she works in the college library. I looked at time and decided to go shower because I was so hot and sticky. After showering I dressed in light black cotton slacks, a black cotton top with a cross over top that made quite a sweeping V cut over my breasts, and black sandals. My long wet curly hair hung loose so it could air dry.

Viv came to the door as I got downstairs and I poured some wine as we chatted and caught up on the past ten days. I realised how much I had missed her. After some chat she suggested we walk down to Mike's tent to watch the sunset as he had a better view than my unit did. I hesitated, and she insisted. I was not sure I wanted to see him, but then just as suddenly decided I did so I grabbed a wrap around gray top as the late afternoon air was, thankfully, cooler, and grabbed my ubiquitous 2l water bottle.

As we walked the reasonably fair distance to the tents, Viv looked at me, squinting a little, and declared that my stint away had been good for me, as I looked gorgeous. I laughed, and blushed a little. I did feel good though. I had on only lipgloss and mascara, making my (luckily) long eyelashes stand out more, framing the deep dark brown on my irises. My skin was a little sunkissed from all the walking I had been doing, and I knew my pants and top flattered my curvy figure. Creamy cleavage showed in the v of the top, and the gray top tied at the waist accentuated my waist and the curve of my hips and rounded buttocks. As I walked I used a butterfly clip to pull my hair which was almost dry, up away from my neck and face. The curls fell softly, framing my oval face.

We arrived at Mike's tent, and as I neared it several students walking the fenceline of the college came up and hugged me. As I chatted my eyes moved to the tent and I saw Mike moving there, wearing only mid thigh length khaki shorts, his muscled, tanned chest bare. My heart contracted painfully as I watched him. Niceties over and Viv and I moved to the tent. Not delayed by students, Viv reached there first and I watched, a little jealously, as Mike hugged her and beamed a welcoming smile.

I made my way to the tent, and as I got to the entrance where Mike had a wooden picnic table, he looked up and there was such a strange look in his eyes. I felt tears prick again and looked down briefly, before he came and hugged me. I sat opposite Viv and Mike went into his tent emerging with a t-shirt on. Sitting on the wooden picnic table bench I move a little. My bladder is quite full, and I idly wonder if I should ask Mike if I could use his bathroom, but then he sat opposite me, sipping on a cold beer, and I found myself looking down so I did not meet his eyes.

We chatted idly for a while, and Viv asked me about the lodge. I started telling her of some of the things I did and saw, the people I met, how the course went. I was trying not to meet Mike's eyes but I could feel him looking at me as I spoke. At one stage I stopped and sucked water from my water bottle, enjoying the feel of the cool water as it slid down my throat, and I become aware out of the corner of my eye, that Mike was watching me as I sucked on the bottle.

It distracted me a little but I let it go. Then Viv left to go and eat dinner. As a volunteer she is given meals as her accommodation unit has no kitchenette. She was going to meet Hank for dinner and they would return after eating. I feel a bit awkward as she leaves, she did not invite me with and Mike did not invite me to stay. I was about to get up and leave when Mike's cell phone rang. He answered it and moved away, hugging Viv goodbye. He moved some distance away and I could only just hear him voice but not what he was saying.

I sat there awkwardly, not sure if I should stay or go. So I stayed, sipping on my water for want of anything else to do. I felt my bladder twinge but ignored it. I decided when Mike got back I would excuse myself, and go. Eventually Mike got back and sat opposite me and I prepared myself to leave. But suddenly I decided I had to ask him about that night. About why he did not come to dinner. I had to know. So I asked him, for the first time forcing my dark eyes to meet his, hoping they would not show any of the hurt and confusion I was feeling. He looked at me, sipped on his beer, and looked down. I wondered if he would answer. He mumbled that he had had business, and that I knew he had intended to be there, he had said so earlier in the day. I nodded. "But you did not even sms me Mike, to say you could not make it".

He looked up and his eyes met mine and I saw some anguish in his when they met mine. "I know I should have" he said simply.

"Why didn't you, Mike? Have you any idea how I felt, after what we had shared, what we did... and then you did not even let me know?" There was an edge to my voice and his eyes met mine again then slid down again to his beer bottle.

He looked up again. "I know, I know," he said "but it's complicated, and I had this ... business thing ...in Nelspruit, and then she... well" and his voice faded away as his eyes met mine again. I felt my heart lurch. Hoped the pain would not show in my eyes.

"She?" I asked, proud at how light my voice sounded. "Now that sounds interesting...what's up, Mike?" and I reached over and took his beer, swigging down a huge gulp of his ice cold beer. He looked conflicted, as he explained that he was in a committed relationship. I felt like someone reached in and squeezed my heart but I kept on smiling - somehow. And so it came out, he had someone in his life.

They had had problems, but that night she had needed him, and he had gone to mend fences with her. It hurt, but I breathed in and then out, and realised I had never asked. I had just assumed. They had a daughter together, a little girl~! How had I not known that? But of course we never talked about personal stuff, not in all the years I had known him. We talked work, we talked about the bush, and we seldom talked about anything else. And I had never asked.

I took another long swallow then handed him back his beer. I looked at him, and he met and held my eyes, and I saw in his the anguish and confliction. My heart softened and softly I spoke, and I told him love and commitment was about compromise, that maybe he yearned to be free, or to be with someone with whom he perhaps shared a passion and love for the bush, but that he had a commitment. And despite how I felt inside, I told him that he should remember what first drew him to her, the woman I had not met. Why he had committed his heart to her. And I reminded him that love was hard work, and he had a child. It was a good talk and I almost believed it myself.

He was quiet for a while, and then he nodded. We talked some more and he changed the subject and by the time Viv and Hank returned I was chatting animatedly about my recent stint at the lodge and how nice the luxury room I had stayed in was. My heart was sore but resolved, and we all chatted and laughed. I have this nawti quick wit and it was nice to have everyone laughing around me. All too soon Viv said they were going and I was going to walk with them. "Why?" Mike asked and I turned, startled.

"Well it's late, and I forgot my torch..." I stammered. He disappeared in the tent and put a torch down next to me. "Well, thanks," I answered and stood up.

"Well you have a torch now," Mike said gruffly. "So there is no need to walk with Viv and Hank, is there?" I was surprised, and raised my eyebrows. But I nodded. Viv shrugged, grinned and hugged me tight. Hank kissed me on the cheek and they left. I sat back down opposite Mike, who seemed to half glare at me before sipping yet another beer. As I sat down I was reminded how full my bladder was, and I once again thought I should use Mike's bathroom., But I was curious why he wanted me to stay, and did not want to break the mood, so I didn't.

We sat in silence for a while but then started chatting again, and as usual, we found we had so much in common that chatting was effortless. We were also as comfortable just sitting, listening as the bush came alive in the darkness. We listened enthralled as the dark bush told a tragic story through the growls and snarls of lions, the bleating of a lone buffalo bull, probably a "dugga boy" cast from the herd, and interspersed by the laughing howls of hyenas and the yelps of jackals drawn by the smell of blood. We heard when the battle ended and the buffalo breathed its last. The bush is tough.

Suddenly Mike got up and walked down the steps from his tent to a nearby bush, a little way from me, but not so far away that I could not see him if chose to turn my head, and he peed. I heard it, and it turned me on just a little. I wondered why he had not gone inside to the bathroom, like he usually did when Viv or anyone else was also here, but hey this is the bush, and we all pee outside sometimes, and I knew many guys who enjoyed peeing outdoors.

We chatted again and after some time again he went to the same place and relieved himself again. This time I surreptitiously watched, my breath catching as I saw his semi erect penis in the light of the moon, and the arc of his spray catching the moonlight and glistening like little diamonds. My hands strayed to my pendant, and I fiddled with against the rise and fall of my breasts, heaving, as I watched Mike. As his stream waned I turned a little, hoping he did not see me watching, and I made a joke about how I could hear what he was doing. He did not answer. I heard his steps behind me as he came past the table to once again sit opposite me.

We chatted awhile and I told him about the dress I had worn for the dinner he never attended, and how when I wore it at the lodge some of the staff and customers had told me I looked beautiful, and how good that had made me feel. I was looking down, smiling softly as I remembered, twirling my bottle in my hands. "Well," Mike said gruffly in his deep voice. "I have told you before; you are beautiful, you know..."

Something in his voice made me look up, and our eyes met. An electric shock ran through me at the way he looked at me and his hand reached across the table and his hands touched mine. Another electric shock ran through me and I shivered slightly, my belly clenching on my full bladder. His fingers threaded mine and his grip was so tight it almost hurt. I looked in his eyes, and was lost. I knew he belonged to another, but at that moment I could not find it in my heart to care. I knew I would wind up getting hurt, but my heart, and my passion, was silencing my reason.

We looked at each for a long time, and he said every so softly to me. "Stop looking at me with those seductive eyes..." The compliment thrilled me, and I smiled. He bent and his lips touched my fingertips. I moaned softly and his eyes flew up to meet mine again. His eyes were filled with lust, and seeing his desire for me I felt a warm wet tingling deep in my belly. I could no more resist this man than a moth could resist a bright flame, even knowing it would burn to death.

He pulled me up and somehow I got round the table and was in his arms, both of us beyond caring who was watching. His hard body pushed against my full bladder, and I knew I should relieve myself, but I was lost in the moment, and enjoying the way my fullness intensified all my other feelings. He looked in my eyes and I thrilled again at the passion and lust I saw reflected there, and then his lips met mine. I collapsed against him, murmuring softly even as hi tongue found mine. I could not help it; I melted, and felt my own desire carry me away. His hands moved down to my buttocks through my cotton slacks, and he pulled me hard against him. I groaned as my bladder pushed against him and, and writhed slightly against the hardness I felt in his own pants.

He pulled away and looked me, heat in his eyes and face, and he led me inside his tent. He had a large tent befitting his role and position, which could, under different circumstances, would house 8 people, but instead had filing cabinets, cupboards and space for Mike to live. Built on were a toilet, shower, basin and mirror. The two beds in it were bunks though and narrower than single beds. One bed was piled high with stuff, water bottles, shirts, papers... the other was neatly made. Mike's laptop was on a desk near the entrance to the bathroom area, softly playing music.

Once inside he pulled down the rolled canvas window covers, and turned back to me. His kisses were like a match to the wildfire that raged inside me, and my fingers worked furiously on the buckle of his belt as he pulled off his shirt, breaking our embrace for just a moment, before reclaiming lips. His hands took over from mine and I untied and pulled off my gray outer top and kicked off sandals, as he pulled off his shoes without untying laces. Hungrily his lips found mine again even as my hands found hid zipper and pulled it down, and I helped him out of his shorts and heard them drop to the ground.

As he bent to kick them out the way and pull down his boxers, I pulled off my black t-shirt and pulled off my cotton slacks.

Mike's mouth, warm, and wet, found my hardened rosy nipples through the sheer silk fabric of my bra, and I muttered softly "Oh god, oh god, oh god..." and arched my back against him~! His hands found the clips of my bra at the back and deftly unclipped them and the heaviness of my breasts made them bounce slightly as he pulled the bra off and again fastened his mouth on one tiny hard rosy nipple.

My hands snaked down and found his springy hardness, which throbbed when I stroked it. Without lifting his mouth from my nipple, which his teeth were now teasing, his hands pulled down my silk panties and as they reached m y ankles I kicked them away. His on hand found my soft mound, and I was so wet his finger slide easily between my generous lips, finding my engorged clit and soft hot tight core. I moaned again and threw my head back.

Mike slid his fingers inside me and I nearly died from pleasure and desire, I twisted my hips as he did so, past thinking, reacting on emotion and lust now. He lifted his head and his lips found mine again as he slid a second finger inside me. He manoeuvred me to the narrow bed, and we lay down. He nuzzled my throat, then my ear, as his hard body lay against mine, and I writhed in pleasure at his very touch. No man has ever made me almost cum just from their touch like Mike. I found his hardness and stroked it softly, then a little harder, tightening my grip just a little. I was lost to the world around me, in a hazy world of lust and pleasure.

I think, no, I know, Mike intended to prolong the moment before he entered me, as I have said he was a great lover, thoughtful and skilled, and he had always made sure I was sated before he allowed himself to cum. He was teasing me delightfully, and I was almost desperate to have him inside me, my pending orgasm made more powerful by the fullness of my bladder. But suddenly the lions began to call, their deep guttural voices resonating and almost vibrating deep inside us. Mike looked in my eyes and I nodded, and as the lions called again, he slid into me, thrusting deep. I gasped, my breath taken away by the sensation of him inside me, filling me.

Mike took his time, and kept time with the lion roars, thrusting with deep, slow, strokes. I felt giddy with each inward thrust, having that beloved floaty feeling already, heady with the lust and passion and desire that had overloaded my senses. I thought I would pass out from the building orgasm, and as the lion's roars slowly faded into silence, Mike began thrusting harder, and faster, and deeper in an almost frenzied way. It sent me over the top and I whispered hoarsely that I was going to cum.

Mike kept going, and as he came, he kissed me, and I felt his cock buck inside me, felt his warm seed fill me, and I let go. The orgasm was so intense it forced tears from eyes, but to my surprise, despite my extremely full bladder, the only wet hot fluids that squeezed from me past his softening cock and over his balls, down to the bed, warming my round buttocks, was my own cum. The waves continued for a while, and my pussy muscles clenched again, and again, and again, making him groan each time, until I milked him dry, and he collapsed onto me, and my arms wrapped him tightly to my body.

I had never cum that before, and I felt weak and shaky. We lay there for the longest time, till Mike's breathing slowed and returned to normal, and my heart stopped pounding and the giddiness left my brain. Mike kissed my neck and we lay there just breathing for a while, then he lifted up on his arms, his face near mine, his eyes on mine, and he grinned. "Wow, that was good," he laughed. "Never made love in time to lions roaring quite like that ever before..."

I smiled up at him. "Good?" I said mockingly. "No way, dude, that was beyond good, that was fucking awesome, and I have never done that before like that either..." I said into the darkness of the tent. Mike laughed, moved off me and we turned on our sides on the tiny bed, spooning, him behind my back. He held me so tight that every part of our bodies touched, and in my ear he whispered "yeah, fucking awesome," in a delighted awed voice, and sighed against my skin, his head nestling on the hollow of shoulder.

We lay there for a long time. I was getting desperate to pee now, but reluctant to move, and disturb Mike, who I guessed from his even steady breaths, was sleeping. As I lay there I bit my lip. I knew I was falling for this man, and I also knew I would probably never have him. He belonged to another, and it hurt. My thoughts hurled around my brain at high speed. And just when my thoughts and the pressure in my bladder became too much, I felt Mikes hands move down from around my waist. One rubbed my round mound, feeling my soft curly red pubes there. The other felt the slippery lips, feeling both our cum juices there, and then a finger slide inside.

I gasped. I did not think it was possible to feel anything again after the amazing orgasm I had had probably only about forty minutes ago, but the movement of his fingers against my slippery clit immediately awakened fiery sensations in my belly and deep inside my pussy~! I gasped and writhed against him again as wanton as any wild animal from the bush we both loved so dearly. He rolled me over on my back and entered me again. I could feel he was not completely erect, though he was hard, and my eyes must have shown some puzzlement, until he smiled then kissed me deeply.

As he kissed me I felt a delightful warmth inside me, deep inside, spilling out from around his thrusting cock, and I realised he was favouring me with his pee. I writhed against him and he chuckled against my mouth. I felt his tummy muscles harden then release and a flood of warm wetness streamed inside me. I writhed again, revelling in the feel of his warm wet piss inside me. His bladder was full, and he thrust in slowly for a long time, his golden warm pee filling me time and time again, as I felt my orgasm build. His stream finally waned but as it did his cock hardened and he thrust harder. He leaned on his arms and pushed his stomach against mine. He looked at me and smiled, and whispered to me "Hmmm you feel pretty full too... let it go ... Please..." and I caught and held his eyes.

It took me a while to relax enough with his by now hard cock inside me, but when I did I could not have stopped the waves of warm wetness flowing from me if I had tried. He closed his eyes and moved his hardness from side to side, sighing in pleasure as I let go, and then as my bladder started to empty he thrust hard again, deeper, harder, until my orgasm hit second before he came. My toes curled, my head thrust into the pillow and my back arched.

I barely felt him cum this time, as I came and as I came the last of my bladder emptied. He grunted loudly, and I felt his cock spasm inside me even as my pussy tightened on him, hard. Sweat dripped off his brow, and he looked at me with extreme tenderness before he collapsed on me.

Somehow we both turned, ignoring the wetness beneath, not caring about the mess, and spooned again. We fell asleep, wrapped tight in each other's arms. I woke some time later, and could tell the night was thinning, the darkness melting away as the morning approached. I lay there listening to Mike breathe for a long time before I moved, waking him.

He watched me as I tried to find all the discarded pieces of clothing I had strewn along the floor of the tent. I tucked my underwear under my arm, but pulled on my other clothes, and tried to straighten my hair. There was no mirror and I was glad, I was sure I looked awful. Finally dressed I sat in the very edge of the bed, surveying some of the wet damage. "sheesh," I said softly. "Sorry about the bed... don't you want me to help you remake it so you can sleep dry?" Mike shook his head, sitting up and smiling at me.

"Why are YOU sorry?" he laughed. "It was my fault... and I must get up soon anyway..." he kissed my forehead, pulled me to him, held me tightly, so tightly that it hurt, but he did not ask me to stay. At last I got up. I needed to leave before it got too light, I did not want my students to see me here, see me leaving his tent. And besides, he belonged to another, and I did not want to harm that. So I kissed him on the cheek, looked into his sad eyes, waved, and walked out into the slowly lightening darkness. As I walked away I smiled, and cried. I smiled at the most amazing sexual experience I had enjoyed, and cried because I never knew if I would spend time like that with Mike ever again.

