The Beach House Part 9: Danielle in the Shower

9th July 2012, 09:54 PM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

Danielle closed the bathroom door behind her. She tugged at the straps of her bathing suit and slipped it off easily. As she did so, she could feel the slight pressure in her bladder. Instinctively, she glanced at the toilet and felt another twitch. Would she settle for traditional and just take a quick pee in the toilet?

She stood there, looking around the bathroom as she pressed her legs together and held herself. This did not stop a small spurt that caused a trickle to travel down her leg. She would have to decide soon.

Keeping her hand between her legs to hold in her pee, Danielle leaned against the wall and slid down, sitting comfortably on the cool tile floor. She stretched her legs out in front of her, trying her best to keep her hand in place and her pee inside for the moment. She could feel moisture between her legs from more than just pee as her desperation was turning her on.

Keeping her hand in place, Danielle spread her legs. This increased her need to release her pee, but she continued to hold herself.

Danielle closed her eyes and began to create a fantasy.

She is at home, sitting on her couch, wearing a night gown and no panties, her legs stretched out as they were now. Her mother is sitting on the recliner, wearing one of her traditional house dresses. "Mom, I have to pee, but I don't want to get up," Danielle says, holding herself.

"Well, what do you want me to do? Go to the bathroom," her mother says.

"I don't know if I can make it. I've really got to pee."

"You can just pee there if you want," her mother says.

"I think I will. I'm just gonna lay here and do it."

Danielle removes her hand, sighs, and releases her bladder. Her pee hisses noisily as it sprays all over her inner thighs and patters against the couch, soaking into the cushion under her.

Danielle could feel spurts off pee trying to escape through her hand. She took her hand away and watched as she let go. Her pee sprayed out forcefully, splashing against her thighs and creating a pool between her legs that spread toward her knees. She closed her eyes again and continued to fantasize.

Her mother squirms in her chair. "Oooh, that sound is making me have to pee, too," she says. "I guess if I just pee here, it's okay." Danielle watches her mother sit up and lift her dress out from under her to reveal that she is also not wearing panties. She sits her bare bottom back into the chair and scoots back to make herself comfortable. "I can't believe I'm doing this, but I really have to go."

Danielle slid her fingers delicately against her clitoris as she continued to pee loudly onto the tile floor.

"Just let it go, Mom." With a pleasurable sigh, her mother lets loose and the room fills with the sound of her pee hissing into the chair cushion. "Oh...mmm," her mother moans. "Oh, that feels nice. Oh, why didn't you tell me this would feel so amazing. Oh... mmm..." Moaning louder now, her mother arches her back and shudders as a powerful orgasm grips her.

Danielle cut off the flow of her bathroom floor pee and stood up. She playfully splashed her toes in the puddle and giggled. She threw a towel down over the mess and stepped into the shower. She was pleased to see that the shower head was one with a hose and adjustable levels of spray. She turned the water on and pulled up the shower lever. Keeping her legs close together, Danielle released her hold on her bladder and peed down her legs. As she did this, she aimed the jet of water toward her vagina. The spray sent chills all over her body and her knees buckled a bit. Danielle bit her lip as she continued to pee, watching it change the shower water to yellow as it trickled toward the drain. The shower jet vibrated against her clitoris. She fell back against the shower wall and cried out as she orgasmed.

Now fully relaxed and content, Danielle finished her shower, wondering what the other girls were up to.

