Third story... and info

24th February 2010, 04:20 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

For those of you that have given me good feedback I post the last story. I say last even though I have a fourth... I am avoiding posting it because I think it borders on the UA rules. If anyone is interested in reading it PM me. That said, I am getting ready to start writing a new story.

To the point at hand: Corporate Ladder. (long 6 parts)

Abby was young, but she was not going to let that stop her. She dreamed of being a big-wig; someone that told others what, where, when, and how to do things. She knew it was going to take sacrifice early on and was well prepared for long nights and lost weekends.

It was going to be one of those lost weekends... and on a holiday too. That meant the office was completely shut down and there would be no interruptions. Abby decided it would be best to get in early, the sooner she got started the sooner she was done.

The alarm went off at 4:00AM; Abby was going to be in by five at the latest. She knew that getting ready would be easier, no co-workers meant no dress code. A nice pair of jeans and men's cut, button front shirt would do for the day. She munched on a granola bar as she gathered her other necessities, ID badge, and favorite water bottle.

She arrived early and made it to her desk with just enough time to boot her PC and organize her paperwork before her appointed 5:00AM start time. She began working diligently and had made good progress by ten. Noon rolled by with no notice and it was not until 2:00PM that she decided it was time for a break.

Abby had just finished the next to last section of her report. This was perfect; she could take a quick break, come back and be out by 5:00PM. She would still get Sunday to herself after all! She stretched her arms and legs and started to stand... before she nearly doubled over. Apparently she had been so focused she had not noticed her need of the facilities. Her poor bladder was so tight it pained her to walk.

The bathrooms were on the far side of the office in the shared hallway for the building. Abby buzzed through the cubes of the office as fast as her legs would let her without letting go of anything else. Out the department doors, across the hall, hand on the door... and she crumpled against it, IT WAS LOCKED!

Abby tried the door to the men's room, locked too, she was getting nervous. Her anxiety was growing and causing more pain in her pelvis. Scanning for any alternative, Abby took a look down the hall. She only saw one option... the drinking fountain.

It seemed perfect, except for the obvious sanitary issues. Approaching it cautiously she began to determine the best position. Sitting would be out the question, weight as well as the shallow basin would never allow for it. Standing looked to be the best... however one problem was still apparent; there was a clear height difference.

Abby was by no means short, but even on tiptoes the inseam of her jeans was still inches below the basin. She tried it standing backwards, still no luck. Every move she made threatened to max her muscle control and send a torrent loose. She needed something to stand on and quick. Inspiration struck her; she could grab a chair from the office. The pain was almost crippling, Abby could barely waddle back to the doors and abscond the nearest chair.

She was so close to relief, the last obstacle was just getting on the chair. Abby put one foot on the chair and got a huge squirt in her pink striped panties. It soaked in and she could feel it dampening her jeans too. There would be time to resolve that later, she had made it on the chair. With her rear to the fountain, Abby yanked her coverings down. Her drenched panties clung briefly but yielded with ease, as they slid away the hissing filled the hallway. The force was tremendous... so was her relief, so much so that Abby had not realized her shooting stream was spraying the wall and missing the fountain entirely.

Abby emptied everything she had; she peed for what seemed to be 5 minutes. She replaced her panties and jeans, no need to wipe... a few drips were just going to be absorbed by the already wet material. As she climbed down from the chair, Abby saw her horror. The wall was dripping with her pee and it had pooled on the floor under the fountain.

She lifted the chair and flew back into the office. Maybe it would dry before Monday? Even if it did not, they would assume the fountain had issues... right? Abby decided it was best to put it out of her mind. She replaced the chair and returned to her desk.

Working on the final section had run into some snags. It was already 5:00 and she was only 3/4th done. Abby was more aware this time and realized that she was going to need another break. Stuck on a particular issue, she decided to walk away and clear her head. The first stop was to try the door on the bathroom again.

She poked into the hall and glanced at the drinking fountain. The wall was already dry, but in the right light you could still see the splash pattern. The door proved to still be locked, not a surprise. Abby headed back into the office to look for a new makeshift toilet. Carol had a plant on her desk, except it was so small Abby would have drowned the poor thing if she tried that. The break room had no sinks, plants, or carpet... nothing for options there.

The whole office was devoid of good options, she had even considered an old filing cabinet in the back of the supply/copier room. Abby knew it was empty, but it too was locked. As she wandered back to her chair she glanced into her supervisor's office. Abby had been in only a few times and decided to take a good look around.

There were the normal knick-knacks, nothing particularly odd. The room was large enough to sport a small sitting area with a two seat couch. Abby's eyes widened, the cushions were loose and could be flipped, more importantly it was sitting on a rug. She thought it over in her mind; this was Katharine's office, her direct superior. Abby shook her head and returned to her desk and back to the other issues at hand.

She resolved the block and was able to pack up and leave at 8:00pm. Her bladder was just full enough to be uncomfortable. Abby headed to her car and drove home.

Up another rung...

