Average life turned...wet! part 6

10th July 2014, 12:38 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Part 6

Rob woke up early the next morning only to find Kim already up and ready to go to work. He tried to focus and just saw that Kim was holding a pair of panties above his face, dripping with fresh juice! «Rob, how about we invite the neighbors for the weekend, I saw their car parked in the driveway, the must have arrived last night, how about a BBQ? I was thinking about a light BBQ, just a few kebab sticks and some shrimp and squid and some nice wine, what do you think Rob? We never properly introduced ourselves and had a proper chat.»

«Alright Kim, sounds great, I look forward to it, we hardly have any friends and they seem nice enough, who know, maybe we have common interests Kim.» Rob could hardly suppress a smile when he said it.

«Got you a present Rob, had my glasses of water this morning, my jog and guess what, I peed my panties during jogging, here they are, enjoy them for now and we will continue when I get back, I will contact Robin next door and invite them. I will be home early today. Lovely, 3 day weekend from tomorrow, looking forward to the BBQ the day after tomorrow, the weather should be nice Saturday anyhow, it is almost always nice anyway, bye!», and with those last few words she dropped the dripping panties on my face and with a big smile planted a kiss on her wet panties and Rob's mouth.

Rob sucked on the panties a while and got up, drank his glasses of water and started jogging. He thought it a good idea just to pee while he was jogging, the weather was hot and no one would even suspect that the wetness they might see is anything else than sweat...except the neighbors of course...

About 15 minutes into his exercise he felt the urge and let go. It dripped down his legs by now the tip of his cock was against the front of his shorts. He wasn't wearing any underwear, the shorts were good enough, only if you stand still and his cock is pushing in the front you might be able to see something and he was not planning to stop running until he was home. He peed again and this time he could see a stream escaping from the front of his shorts and landing a couple of feet in front of him. «Oops, better watch out, this is too obvious maybe» he thought. On his way back he passed by the neighbor's house and just for fun he let go again, just in case they were watching.

Rob went to work and had an uneventful day, no customers almost, very quiet and some of his colleagues were asking how come he is in such a good mood on a boring day like this. He just smiled and told them to make sure they drink enough water and exercise and they will feel just as good as he is.

He left home early, since he could more or less decide his own working hours no one thought anything of it. Rob was one of the best sale persons they had there and his hard work paid a lot of salaries.

Back at home he did some chores, build a nice BBQ because the old one was falling apart and did not look to clean anymore and not suitable for more than 2 people. Rob was very handy and builds a nice BBQ using some discarded parts he found at a flea marked before and an old barrel. He had been planning this new BBQ a long time but never got around to it. He wanted a charcoal one and not on natural gas or anything else.

Kim came home and was tired and took it easy for the rest of the afternoon and fell asleep on the lounger, still wearing her work clothes. Rob decided to leave her alone for now and finished the grill.

A simple dinner and a quiet evening, except for making a shopping list that is. Kim had called Robin the neighbor and invited them for Saturday and they accepted.

The following morning they put up some decorations, cleaned the pool, trying out the BBQ grill and made it a very nice and cozy place. Rob checked Peesearch but nothing new from Kim. She had second thoughts maybe just crossed his mind. Kim laid down on the lounger and was nude; taking a nap it looked like, but with her hand she was playing slowly with her pussy.

Rob decided to surprise Kim as she was moaning and keeping her eyes closed. Rob was naked also, as they are most of the time and stood behind her, lifted his cock and let go arcing his stream and it nicely land on her mouth and nose, he made sure not to get it in her eye. Kim was not surprised at all, she might have expected it and opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. «Oh yes Rob, very nice, you prepared, nice taste, have you been drinking homemade lemonade?»

«Come on! Soak me!» She continued to suck it up, swallowing some let some streams drool out of her mouth on her breasts and massaging it in. Rob cut of the stream and she grabbed his cock, pulled it in her mouth and played with his pee hole and that was too much for him and the stream started again forcefully and she almost choked and laughed at the same time. «Yep,» Rob said, «if you try to stick your tongue in my pee hole then I can't hold back, but it is a wonderful feeling».

After his bladder was empty he sat down, and then Kim asked what was going to happen Saturday. «Rob, we have to wear clothes Saturday, that will be awkward, and what will we do if we become horny and want to make love, we can do whatever we want now but I am not sure if I can wait until the evening has ended and the neighbors have gone. « She has said it out loud, a bit more loudly than usual and Rob saw her eye moving towards the fence but she did not notice that I noticed her eye movement. Obviously since she was so eager to invite the neighbors personally, she must have had a talk with Robin and laid out a plan. But of course I planted that plan through my alias on Peesearch.

«Oh well» she said, «We will just start to talk about our vacations and then mention that we are nudist or naturists and if they would mind undressing with us».

Rob suspected that the neighbors were listening in and watching them this whole time and he liked the idea by now.

Rob mentioned to Kim that maybe they can come to n agreement to enlarge the yard and making vegetable garden together and build a nicer patio. In that case, Rob had said, they would not consider having to move for a house with a bigger yard. Kim was a bit reluctant bit it looked like she was in for it as well. «Let's see first how the party goes Rob, then we will make some plans» Kim said.

Saturday came and they did not want to waste the whole day anticipating and wearing each other out, so Kim had asked the neighbors to come over had around 1pm or so and she would prepare a light lunch. The man can play some games maybe or talk about cars she had said.

The neighbors came around 1pm, actually 'around' meant a little before 1 instead of most of the time, 'after'. They could not wait. Everyone was dressed up, nothing to fancy but nice and a touch sexy.

They opened a bottle of white light sparkling wine and toasted on a nice day together. Within 40 minutes or so the conversation changed bit by bit towards sexy things and double bottom jokes. Vacation subject started to come up! «So Rob and Kim, where do you usually go for holiday?» Don asked. «Well since you asked, we travel to several places but we like go to the Caribbean islands, we usually stay at a naturist place to get a suntan all over and feel free.» Rob said. «So do we» Robin cut in, « So, why are we still dressed then? «Asked Don, « are you ok with it Kim?» Robin asked. Well that did not take long, clothes flying off and everyone relaxed. Kim had prepared an nice lunch, a light Cesar salad, only this time not with Rob's special ingredient.

They continued the conversation and became bolder. At one point, Robin pretended to having to pee. She asked to bathroom, and Kim just laughed and looked at me «Now Robin, you know what I told you last time, just let it go where you are, we are fine with it if you are!» Robin was bit flushed but of course she knew that we are all ok with it, we were by this time just play a part in movie it felt like, just a game, but a very exiting one.

Robin let go, and opening her legs so we could all see. She pretend to be a bit shy and closing her legs and trying to hide her lovely mound while she was peeing. This resulted in pee trying to escape through her fingers and her hand was dripping, so now there was not 1 stream but 4 of them at least. She pretended like it to be an accident and moved her wet hand to her mouth in order to cover mouth in shyness. «oops, that was an accident

» she said and the droplets dribbled down her chin. Don turned to his wife and pretending to comfort her in this 'embarrassing' moment. And planted a kiss on her mouth and stroked her hair.

«Don't worry Robin, we are ok with it, don't be upset, it is ok and exiting too!» Rob said and that it was becoming exiting was all too obvious, by now a pair of cocks was eyeing towards the sky!

«Look,» Kim called out, « you made me have to go as well, look at me, I can't hold it any more, anything, give me something, a glass or jar!» Too late, Kim started peeing and it was not a dribble but a powerful stream with nothing in the way. Kim pretended like Robin did to hide it a bit and resulting in splashing in more places than one. Pee flying over at one point across towards Robin and Don, getting some of it on their legs. Don pretending to be a little upset and yelled out, «Wait!, I got a jar right here!» and pushed the jar under Kim's fountain. Kim was trying not to smile, both her hands were wet and dripping, she shook her hands a bit that resulted in more pee flying everywhere. Kim, as bold as she can be, started licking of her fingers pretending to do it without thinking. Robin smiled, «enjoy the taste Kim, just like I did».

Don had put the jar, which was actually an empty lemonade pitcher, on the table and when we were all relaxed a bit and calmed down, Don pretended to have forgotten and poured some juice into his glass and drank it. Nothing was said, everyone was fully into the 'game'.

Pitcher was empty, Kim asked everyone if they would like some more lemonade or start with margaritas, Kim had said the she thought that they are the best margaritas ever. Kim asked Robin to come with her and give her a hand cutting the limes. They went into the kitchen and Kim opened the freezer to get the ice cubes. Robin helped and took out a batch of ice cubes as well. Kim noticed this and before she could warn Robin not to use those, Robin already put one in her mouth to cool herself down.

It was one of the specially spiced ice cubes with either Rob or Kim's pee in it. Robin's eyes grew big and she smiled and started laughing and could not stop. «Wow Kim, you guys are naughty, love the idea, is it yours or Robs, don't worry I would love to taste the both of you» she was sucking it up and the cube was gone in a minute, dribbling some melted pee out of her mouth. Kim moved forward and licked it up from her chin. «yes, Robin, good you mentioned it because this is my juice. Rob's flavored ice cubes are in the tray next to it, help yourself if you like.» And indeed Robin took at Rob's flavored ice cube and sucked on it like an ice-lolly .

Kim stuck out her tong and took some swipes as well. « So, what do you think Robin, are you up then for my specialty, margarita's home produced, I need your help as well, let's surprise those guys. Here pee in the pitcher and I will add mine as well!» Kim held the pitcher with the lime pasts in it and some tequila. Kim grabbed a small table and set it between them and Robin and Kim were facing each other across the small table and on it was the pitcher. They starred at each other and quickly planted a kiss on each other's mouth and let loose! The pitcher filled up quickly, slightly yellow but barely, the boys would probably not notice. The reflection of the lime skins would cover up most of it.

Kim put her hand in Robin's stream and tasted it, Robin returned the 'favor'.

The ladies walked out and said to the guys that made a margarita instead of the lemonade. Rob knew that the margarita might contain his favorite ingredient. The fellows held out their glasses and Kim filled them up as well as filling her own and Robin's. They toasted and drank «Come on guys drink it down all at once, you will love it!» Robin said. Of course Don and Rob tasted their favorite ingredient immediately.

Rob started up the grill and returned to his seat, on his way walking back he felt an urge to pee, he walked over to were Kim sat and pointed his cock and started 'watering' Kim, she turned around, opened her mouth and said, «Rob, I was waiting for your juice, let it go, let it all go, I want it!» Well Don was watching with open mouth and it took him only seconds to walk up to Robing and doing the same.

Robin moaned and tried not to miss a drop, she said «Don, did you enjoy the margarita? It was mine as well as Kim's special ingredient! Wasn't it wonderful, I never taste a drink this good and besides quenching your thirst it makes you up and horny instantaneously, the best medicine, no need for Viagra ever! «. Soon after the first round of lovemaking was a fact, each with their own partner but close together, occasionally Robin and Kim licked each other's fingers for a droplet of some body fluid from each other chest. Both man almost came simultaneously on their partners face and massaged it in. «Isn't this the best face cream Kim», Robin said.

BBQ, time, they all dove in the pool and floated around a bit except Rob who was working the grill. He was wearing an apron to be sure not to get sparks on him. Finally during dinner things and talk became somewhat 'normal' again. Don had told that Robin and himself do not only go to naturist places but also to 'life style' or swing holiday places. They are not really swingers he assured them, in the means of swapping partners all the time but the next best thing, women can interact with each other juices may fly but cocks do not change places.

Rob was not aware such places exists, it seems there were several, mostly Europe but a few in the U.S. as well and luxury ones. Most of them do not allow sex in the open but there are a few that do, one in Ibiza, Don remembered and one in Florida. And maybe more he suggested. They talked about how they started with watersports sex, «Actually when we found the crack, or Kim had mentioned it, about repairing it. We saw to our astonishment what you do, we had been doing it a little but that is because we never thought how far this could go.»

«Maybe sometime we could have a holiday at one of those places and see if it is something we could enjoy, are you up for it?» asked Don. Also Rob thought it to be a good plan.

«Time for action», Rob suggested. «Yes» Kim said, « I have an idea if Robin is up for it, I would really like to taste Robins juice, I already had a slight taste from the margarita but now I like to have t straight! Robing come on, let's do it and the men can only watch this time!»

Robin moved towards Kim and hovered above Kim's head standing up straight. Robin opened the folds of her beautiful mango shaped love nest and let go. Kim moved her head frequent in order not to miss a drop and swallowed some and played with the remainder. In between she said to Rob, «Rob you got to taste this, man this is good, we could market this an make ton of money!, I will save you some!» By the time Robin was finished, Kim's mouth was overflowing and she kept her moth closes and stood up, walking towards Rob and started kissing him, Rob drank the juice from her mouth eagerly. Also Rob thought it to be exceptional good.

«Now it is my turn» Robin said. «Come Kim, give me yours, I can hardly wait, the ice cube was good but this must be even better!» Kim stood over Robin and opened the 'locks', «here you go Robin, save some for your husband like I did!».

Kim started walking a bit to cover all of Robin's body, «there is plenty Robin, so your husband can lick you clean for the next few hours if you like.» By the time Kim finished also Robin had saved up a mouth full and walked up to Don and started sharing the love juices. By the time Robing had her mouth empty she also said that it was the best experience they had so far and that this pee was incredible.» How often you meet some people who like the same things as you do, especially these kinds of fetishes, and then the sheer luck living next to each other, wow!» Kim and Robin both said it almost simultaneously.

After some more peeing and a round of love making, the evening ended, it was now almost 4 am so they were exhausted. All jumped in the pool to clean up and each moved into their own house to fall asleep as soon as they their heads hit the pillow!.

To be continued in part 7

