Lords of the Infinite Sea  Chapter 1: The Gathering

7th May 2013, 12:37 AM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

This is a world-concept that's been in the back of my head for a while -- gosh, it must be at least five years, though I only thought about it occasionally -- but it seemed as though any coherent narrative would either miss out on the main point or require several chapters with nothing interesting going on and a shitload of exposition. I think I've figured out how to make it work, though; at least, I've got three of the four (possibly five) chapters mapped out to avoid the problems. Anyone think I should write the second one?

###

An occasional breeze off the sea did little to alleviate the oppressive heat of the midday sun. Kala wiped an itchy drop of sweat off her tiny, rounded nose and wished she could join Father Marin under the thatched canopy that covered the altar; but, of course, that could never be permitted. The village's dark huts, just above the high-tide line, also looked inviting; but she didn't move.

"'...and Ku'lau returned the pomegranate to Giri,'" the Father quoted in his warm, solemn voice, the brightly-coloured feathers of his ceremonial priest-skirt stirring in the breeze, "'and she ate of it, and the juice stained her chin.' Let us consider Ku'lau's theft. Did he merely reach out and take what he desired? I claim that God guided his hand to the pomegranate, to teach him that sin directly harms the sinner and his neighbours..."

Kala shifted position as she crouched among the villagers on the beach, leaning back to put more of her weight on her firm, brown buttocks. She sighed slightly as she brushed the sand off her knees, feeling the roughness of her skin where the sand had been digging into it. Marin had been known to completely lose track of time when he was talking about the nature of sin, and a quiet rustle of bodies moving on sand told Kala that she wasn't the only one discreetly trying to get more comfortable. She glanced sideways at Temas, who caught his friend's eye with a resigned twist of his mouth that showed he was as impatient as Kala for the sermon to end -- though perhaps for a different reason.

"Of course, we know that the greatest sin of all is the failure to participate in God's great work. Compared to this, the simple theft of a pomegranate is nothing, am I right?" Father Marin paused to run a hand through his black hair, then answered his own question. "Of course not. No one sin can be greater than another, for God's great work is as nothing if we who accomplish it are but thieves who take what we will. We must be content with what we need. When God needed a place for his people to live while they did His work, did he convert the whole, infinite sea to land? No. He raised up this land that a man may walk completely around in ten thousand steps, and made it the only land in the world. And yet, it is enough for us, for our crops, for our livestock..."

Kala shifted slightly again. She had needed a pee since the beginning of Gathering, her work with Halar having almost made her late, but it would be wrong to defile the Gathering by performing so simple a function during it. Instead, she tried to think of something else. The third field would need harvesting, soon. She'd been out there this morning as the sun was rising, her breakfast of milk-and-cane-sweetened porridge still a flavour on her lips, the red, sideways sunlight casting the shadows of the heavy wheat-heads on her belly. The air was quiet. She felt the urge to pee, so she squatted between the rows --

Not a good thing to think about, just now. Kala absently scratched at her crotch, then carefully pulled off the irritant grain of sand that had gotten stuck in the moisture inside her vagina lips. Marin was making a big deal about the self-sufficiency of God's people.

That morning, Kala had continued walking through the wheat, watching for signs of blight, proud to have the responsibility of an entire field, even though she knew that Klara, the head agriculturalist, would be watching and checking her decisions -- Klara wouldn't truly risk an entire field on a first-time administrator. Still, it was a start. She bent over to carefully tease the roots of a weed out of the soil, absently noting that the soil was getting dry. If it didn't rain today, she'd have to make sure to get it watered in the afternoon.

She heard a footstep behind her, and smiled quietly, knowing who would be there. Instead of moving immediately she stayed bent over for a moment, showing Temas her bottom and whatever of her vagina was visible between her legs. She grinned, her green eyes flashing in the sunlight, when she turned and saw the effect she'd had. The early sun limned his left buttock and the tip of his now-hard penis with red. Kala felt a tingle in her vagina at the sight. "I think Klara will be pleased," said Temas.

She kissed him on the cheek. "I hope so. Since you're here, do you have time for God's work?"

He grinned. "Of course. What do you think I came for?" He put an arm around her shoulder and they stepped over to the patch of bare, soft dirt that was the border between fields three and four, her hand already reaching out to encircle his penis.

On the beach, Kala discovered that the same hand was absently stroking her vagina, and quickly removed it. She had lost track of Father Marin's sermon, and just wanted it over so that she could pee. Gidau, sitting on the other side of Mara on Kala's left, was watching her with a sly smile. When he saw her looking, he reached down and squeezed the shaft of his penis, screwing up his face like a small boy trying not to pee. Kala looked away, but she was sure she could feel him watching her.

By the time the sunlight turned to its normal gold colour, Kala had been busy. With Mara, Jomar, Echila and her own sponsor Cat to help, she was pulling up all of the weeds. More of the tiny, green shoots had appeared overnight, as they always did, and Kala, a woven bag over one shoulder, was crawling slowly from one weed to the next, carefully teasing them out, her long, black hair tickling the small of her back in a familiar manner. Even doing only part of the field would take most of the morning, but she found it relaxing: it was calm in the shadow of the grain, and, despite the day's increasing heat, it would remain cool. She'd been doing this since she was a small, tanned child, just like Mara, conscripted by an agricultural administrator. Now, her fingers and legs did the work without thought, allowing her to think about anything or nothing at all.

Today, she was thinking about nothing very much, just enjoying the feel of the soft soil on her knees and the buzzing of innocuous insects and the whisper of the heavy grain-heads in the occasional sea breeze. As she came to the end of a row and was looking about to make sure she hadn't missed any weeds before continuing to the next row, she discovered that she had been staring at a pair of feet for several moments without realizing what they were. It took her another moment to realize that this meant that someone was standing there, watching her. She looked up, at first nearly blinded by the bright blue of the sky, to see a thick, hard penis and, beyond that, Gidau's green-eyed face looking down at her. "Have you time to take a break from your own work to do God's?" he asked, the formal words from The Word at odds with his sly grin.

Slightly peeved at his interruption, she considered for a moment sending him away; but, now that she had been interrupted, she began to notice the ache in her legs from crouching for several hours. As she came fully to herself, her vagina began to water at the sight of his rather large penis. She sighed, and decided that a break would be good for her; besides, she'd only done God's work once today. "Always," she replied, using the correct, formal response, and stood to walk the few steps to the edge of the field. Halfway down the field, Echila and Jomar were also doing God's work, he on his back and she squatting over him to enthusiastically plough herself with his penis. When she saw Kala emerging from the field with Gidau, she paused long enough to say something to Jomar, and then both of them waved. Kala waved back. She sat on the ground and pulled Gidau toward her to moisten the tip of his penis with her tongue, then lay back and spread her legs. She groaned as he entered her.

"Will those women who are newly pregnant come forward?" Father Marin was saying. Thank God, Kala thought, the sermon was over. She was now holding her crotch with both hands in an attempt to hold in her pee until the end of the Gathering, but now she had only to wait through the blessing of the new offspring. She saw Cat getting up and joining three or four others at the altar. The middle-aged farm-worker showed no signs of being pregnant, but God hadn't sent her blood that month.

"That's wonderful!" Kala had said when she'd learned. "Are you sure?" They were walking to the village for Gathering and lunch, the sun almost directly overhead and the dirt of the road hot under their feet, other villagers joining them from other fields and pastures, or from the processing

"Yes, child, He's blessed me again," Cat replied, then shook her head and laughed at herself. "Here I am calling you child, and you an administrator putting me to work."

"It's alright, I like it." She put an arm around her sponsor's shoulders. "I just -- I kind of wish it was me, instead. Is that wrong?"

"Oh, I'm not that old yet. I'll be fine." She smiled and kissed her heir on the cheek, then added, more seriously, "No, it's not wrong, with most of your agemates having borne already. But I've seen that you do God's work often and well, so right soon you'll miss your own blood, too, never worry. Look, there's Halar. I bet he'd be glad to help you." She grinned, and called out, "Hey, Halar!"

Halar turned to see who was calling him, then lowered his head respectfully. "Mother Cat."

"Hmm. I see your sponsor is better than I am at teaching you how to address your elders."

"No, Cat, we'd be late for Gathering," Kala protested.

"No, you won't. Never worry. Halar, my Kala needs your help." Cat made the ploughing gesture -- a forefinger pointed at her crotch and moved back and forth -- and Halar grinned. "Go on, you two, there's some soft grass off the road. I'll see you at Gathering." Cat kissed Kala's forehead and walked on, looking back a couple of times until she saw Halar and Kala seat themselves on the grass.

"The penis is God's plough, the vagina his field. Plant your own crops, but plant God's as well." Kala came to herself as Father Marin uttered benediction that traditionally ended the Gathering. The last few minutes had been absolutely painful as she'd struggled to hold in what felt like gallons of pee.

She glanced up at the altar in time to see the priest hanging the priest-skirt on its stand, then sighed with relief as she released her pee on the sand between her legs. It sprayed out of her so forcefully that Jif, the head goatherd, who was sitting in front of her, turned around to look at her under his heavy, greying eyebrows. "Ohhh, I'm sorry, Father, I hadn't a chance to do it before Gathering," she said, still spraying pee helplessly on her feet and legs. Jif grunted and walked over to splash his back with seawater. Despite Jif's disapproval, the relief was almost as good as the release Temas' penis had given her that morning.

"I saw you were nearly late this morning, daughter." It was Marin, looking down at her with his blue eyes. His handsome, if abstracted, face had only barely begun to show his age, and his penis was erect and pointing the way ahead of him. Cat liked to say that he enjoyed his preaching a little too much. "May I ask what kept you?"

Kala's pee was still coming out, though it had begun to spray markedly less. "God's work, Father," she said, a bit breathlessly.

"Ah. Well, it's always a good time for God's work. Just don't neglect your other necessaries." He nodded and moved on.

"Wait, Father!" She was still peeing too much to have got up and followed him, but he stopped and turned back. "I've been wanting to talk to you!"

"What about, daughter?"

"I -- I'm worried there's something wrong with me. I-- inside." She'd been planning this for a couple of days, now, but it wasn't as easy as she'd expected, and doing a giant pee while talking to him wasn't helping. Still, her bladder was almost empty, now.

"Is it about the fact that you've never come forward for the blessing of the new offspring?" She nodded as she shook the last drops of pee from her thick, curly, black crotch hair. "Well, go and wash your legs in the sea, and then walk with me." She obeyed, following the priest along the shore, the salt water drying on her legs. "You do God's work, of course?" he said, after a few moments of silence.

"Of course! You can ask Temas or Halar, or Pringam -- actually, most of the men my age can tell you, if you don't believe me. I do it five or six times a day."

Marin stroked his moustache. "I believe you. But the number of times isn't important. Remember, God made your vagina to tell you when to do His work, just as he made it to give you pleasure of the work, so never do it when it doesn't feel like it wants it, no matter how many or few times you've done it that day."

"I'll remember that."

"Then you should be fine. God sometimes waits to make a woman pregnant for his own purposes, but, not forever."

"Listen, Father, they say your penis is blessed --"

The priest laughed. "Well, yes, but it's my old priest Father Jingo, may God keep him in pleasure, who blessed it when I became a priest, not God. He was a good man, but I doubt his blessing does much to my plough or my seed. Still, if you want me to help you do God's work, you have only to ask."

"It couldn't hurt, could it, Father?"

"I'm not that big." It took her a moment to realize that he had made a joke, and by then he had crouched down in front of her and was examining her vagina with his eyes and gentle, probing fingers, his breath warm on her upper thighs. It tingled where he touched her. "Ah, yes, moist and ready." She gasped and turned red as he inserted his nose inside her and inhaled deeply. "Ah, you like that? When I was young, I once made a woman climax using my nose."

"Why?"

He stood and kissed her on the forehead. "Well, I've always liked the way a moist vagina smells. Stiffens me up. Still, I shouldn't tease you too much. Come." He sat down on a rock near the edge of the beach, his penis pointing upward. "Would you sit on my lap, daughter?"

She straddled him, putting her hands on his shoulders to steady herself, and slowly pushed herself down on his penis. It stretched her vagina wonderfully, and they both moaned as it filled her more and more. She paused as her buttocks touched his legs, gasping, savouring the sensation of the head of his penis touching the entrance to her womb. The Father kissed her breasts one at a time, sending more jolts of pleasure through her body. "Mmm, Father Marin."

"Just Marin, daughter. Mmm, move yourself around a bit, you'll like it better."

She did, lifting herself up off him and then dropping back down, each time feeling the pleasure fill her, feeling Marin playing with the button at the entrance to her vagina with his fingers. "A bit faster, if you wish, daughter," and she did wish, bouncing furiously on her priest's knees, her legs beginning to ache slightly with the repeated movement but the rest of her body filling with pleasure, more and more, until it was almost too much.

"God, Fath-- Marin, I'm going to..."

"Me, too, daugh-- daughter. Me, too!"

And then, it was too much. Her vagina exploded, her entire body shaking as she collapsed against Marin's chest, her arms around his back, clutching his chest against her own, feeling his penis jerking and spraying seed inside her. There was a moment when she thought she might have passed out from the pleasure; all sensations outside her vagina gone, as though she was floating. Then she was back, leaning weakly against the priest's chest.

"Are you alright, daughter?" he asked, breathing heavily. "You looked odd for a moment."

"Fine, father." She felt his penis beginning to contract its way out of her sticky vagina. Sweat beaded the small of her back.

