The Gathering In The Forest

24th September 2020, 02:27 AM

Author: gg111

Location: earth (Sex: Male) Posts: 82

Here is a story that I thought might be fun during Halloween season.

It’s a long one. (That’s what she said)

———————————————-

1.

The two cars came to a stop at the edge of the woods. Eleven young women stepped out into the moonlight. Two women held electric lanterns; the other nine were blindfolded.

“You can take off your blindfolds now.” said one of the lantern holders, a tall girl with fair skin and sandy-colored hair partly held back with a clip.

As the girls took off their blindfolds, the leader continued, “You all know by now that we are not like the other sororities. Nu Delta Epsilon is proud of that.” She seemed to be reciting a script from memory. “We don’t charge an arm and a leg to join. We don’t quiz you on meaningless trivia. We don’t tell you what to wear. We don’t make you cook our meals or buy us cigarrettes. And we RARELY haze.”

The nine pledges exchanged silent, nervous glances as the significance of that last sentence hit home.

Earlier that night, they had been partying at the sorority house. They were all laughing, dancing, and drinking, when suddenly, at exactly midnight, the big sisters announced the party was over and that everyone had to get in the cars and don blindfolds. They had been driving for over an hour, and were now far away from the university and any signs of civilization. Even the narrow dirt road looked like it hadn’t been used in years. They all wondered what would happen next.

“We are going to go for a walk, but first everyone has to take off their clothes.”

“Everything?” someone murmured.

“Yes, everything!” shouted the other lantern holder, a stout girl with frizzy black hair. “And that includes underwear, shoes, socks, glasses, accessories, jewelry, and piercings. If it can come off, take it off!” she added with a relish that carried a tinge of amusement.

“Don’t worry,” said the leader as she pulled her shirt over her head, “We’re doing it too.”

Soon everyone was naked and their clothes had been tossed into the cars.

It was late October, well past midnight, and cold. Most of the girls shivered and hugged themselves in an attempt to keep warm, but Ashley, the leader, stood proud as a statue. She had pulled the clip out of her hair, which now dangled in waves around her shoulders. Her full breasts hung freely, her pink nipples, stiff in the cold air, jutted out unapologetically. Below was her belly, smooth if not quite flat, and below that was a triangle of pubic hair. The hair was sandy-colored like the hair on her head, and full, but soft and well groomed. She had wide hips, thighs that touched, and long legs that ended in feet that were cleanly pedicured. The robustness of her figure and the unassuming confidence in her carriage projected a timeless beauty, like some ancient pagan goddess. The lantern that she held, which threw shadows around her curves, added to the effect.

She and Jennifer, the other lantern holder, were assembled at the edge of the woods.

“Follow me single file. So that the lamplight is even, I’ll lead and Jennifer will be in the middle. Does anyone have to pee?”

A few girls nodded and the rest meekly raised their hands. They had been in the cars for over an hour, and they had all been drinking earlier at the party. One unfortunate girl, a soft-featured, good-natured redhead, had been striding towards the bathroom at the exact moment the big sisters stopped the party and ordered everyone into the cars. During the long ride she had almost asked them to pull over so she could relieve herself, but she was too afraid to speak up.

Ashley looked around. “So everyone has to pee, then?” Everyone was nodding, even frizzy-haired Jennifer. A ghost of a smile came to her face. “Good.”

She turned around and entered the woods, her broad buttocks jiggling in the moonlight.

2.

Most of the trees were bare, with skeletal branches extending out. A few shriveled leaves remained here and there. The sky was black like ink and riddled with piercing white stars. The moon was full and painfully bright. The air smelled like ice.

Jennifer made it clear that no talking was allowed, so everyone walked in silence. The only sound was the crunching of leaves underfoot, a low wind through the branches, and the distant call of some animal that might have been an owl.

If this was all an attempt to scare the pledges, thought Allison, the redhead with the alarmingly distended bladder, then it was working. In a way she was happy for the distraction. She didn’t know if it was physically possible to pee while walking, but she imagined it spraying out of her with every step. She also noticed that every so often the lantern holders would stop to pick up sticks. They seemed to be gathering the long, thin, flexible ones. She started to wonder what they would be used for. She had heard about pledges from other sororities being paddled; would they be whipped? Allison didn’t want to think about it, but for once she was glad to have a few extra layers of fat on her rear end.

After what felt like another hour of walking, they made it to a circular clearing. An enormous oak tree, hundreds of years old, was in the center. Its thick, gnarled roots broke through the ground and extended in all directions like tentacles to the edges of the clearing. The nine pledges were ordered to stand at the edge of the circle equally distanced from eachother. Allison was comforted to see that she wasn’t the only one who had to pee like a racehorse. Most of the pledges were squirming like her. A few were even holding themselves. The lantern holders, now standing around the trunk of the oak, had more poise. They held their lanterns high.

Ashley let her gaze fall on every pledge as she spoke. “You are being tested tonight.” She gestured to her sister lantern holder. “We will be going away for a while. Maybe for five minutes, maybe for five hours. In either case you aren’t going anywhere until we come back. Just to make sure, you will be tied down.”

They approached the pledges and tied their hands to the exposed roots where they stood, using the thin flexible sticks as crude rope. The pledges looked around at eachother nervously, but no one said anything. No one wanted to be the one to complain, and they all wanted to show how tough they were. The shortness of their bindings meant the pledges were held in uncomfortable positions. Some of the girls were able to stand while hunched over, others sat cross legged, or on their heels. Allison didnt have enough length to stand, so she knelt. She didn’t care how silly she may have looked. She had no intentions of letting her crotch get anywhere near the gross, cold ground. She was skeeved out enough having her knees in the dirt. When the tieing was finished the two lantern holders returned to the oak.

The leader spoke, “Before we leave, we need to warn you of something. There are tales of a monster that roams this forest. They say the beast is especially active on full moons, like tonight, and that it feasts on the flesh of young women.”

So they wanted to scare them all with werewolf and ghost stories, thought Allison. If they had been back at the house she would have laughed in Ashley’s face, but out here in the cold dark woods she didn’t feel like laughing.

The leader continued, “Considering that the beast could be in this forest tonight, you should be quiet. I also haven’t forgotten that you all have to pee. Well, don’t. The beast will be attracted to the smell.”

“It’s a pervert.” added Jennifer. Ashley didn’t respond. The stout brunette often tried to get her sorority sister to crack up during her solemn speeches, but nothing ever seemed to work.

The tall sandy-haired leader continued, “When we come back, we better not see that you have endangered the lives of your fellow sisters because you couldn’t control your bladders. If we find a puddle near you...then you probably aren’t Nu Delta Epsilon material.”

The two lantern holders left in silence, leaving the clearing and the nine nude young women to rock and squirm under the pale moonlight.

3.

There was no way of knowing how long they had waited. The night was timeless. The only thing Allison could use to measure time was that her bladder felt twice as full as before. It was becoming painful, but now that she knew that this was the essence of the challenge she was determined to hold it. Still kneeling, she sat back on her heels. This was easily the worst she had ever had to urinate as an adult, and she was no stranger to full bladders and close calls. She looked around at her sister pledges. Most of them were bouncing, twisting, and whimpering. They didn’t look like they would hold out much longer.

“I’m sorry,” blurted out a soft-spoken girl who had been crouching. Even in the darkness Allison could see tears in her eyes. “I can’t...” and she dropped into a squatting position and hissed out an impressive stream into the dirt.

With that the dam had been broken, and Allison watched as the rest of the girls expelled their spent beer and mixed drinks in thick, desperate streams that glittered in the moonlight.

It was a symphony of hissing and splattering that seemed to go on forever. A stale, slightly sweet aroma began to waft around them.

It was almost too much for Allison to take, but with a renewed effort she clamped down her muscles and held back her own flood. She wondered if the girls would be kicked out of the sorority or if they would just be disciplined in some other way. She hoped the latter. She had become friends with her fellow sisters and would be sad to see them leave.

She heard a rustling in the woods behind her.

“Do you hear that?” said some of the girls. “What is that?” they said as the sounds got louder.

At first Allison feared it was a bear, but then she remembered the situation they had been placed in. It was probably the big sisters, stomping around and making a lot of noise, trying to scare the girls and make them think they had aroused the monster. She was amused at the ingenuity of it. They sure were making a lot of noise. She wasn’t sure how they were making the ground shake. Maybe one of them had brought-

The pledges screamed and gestured at something that was behind Allison. They were hysterical as they tore at their bindings and broke free. They yelled at her to run. She was confused by the commotion. Were they all playing some prank on her? Then she realized something was behind her, something huge. Out of pure instinct she froze. The other girls had all broken free and fled. The bindings had only been loosely tied and were clearly ceremonial in nature. She probably could have broken free herself if she wasn’t too scared to move. Now she was all alone. Only she wasn’t alone.

4.

“Finally!” said Jennifer as she placed her lantern on the ground and fell into a deep squat. The stout girl let out a lusty sigh as a twisting stream gushed out of her frizzy-haired crotch and splashed into the waters of a shallow brook.

The brook was the established area, out of sight and earshot of the ceremonial clearing, where the big sisters would wait for a predetermined amount of time before returning to their pledges. They would usually take a few minutes to relax, and naturally, empty their own bladders, traditionally into the brook itself.

Jennifer, still peeing forcefully, looked up at her big sister. “How do you not have to pee right now?”

Ashley smirked, “Who says I don’t have to pee?” she shifted her weight to her other leg, the lips below her triangle of pubic hair now pressing into her other thigh, “I’m just better at holding it than you.”

She had plenty of practice. Growing up in a house with five brothers and only one bathroom forced her to become an expert at holding back an overfull bladder. During her own intiation, four years ago, she not only held it in longer than the other pledges, but she declined an offer to pee before getting back into the car. In fact, she held it on the drive all the way back to the chapter house. The big sisters couldn’t belive it, and watched in astonishment (and joked with her), as she finally released her bladder into the toilet with a stream so hard and forceful that she thought she might be lifted off her seat.

Jennifer stood back up and wiggled her backside to shake the drops free. Ashley took the opportunity to whip her across her bare cheeks with one of the thin, flexible sticks.

“Ow! Fuck!”

“That’s for trying to make me laugh during my speech. ‘It’s a pervert.’ YOU’RE the pervert!” she added with a chuckle.

The stout girl rubbed her stinging backside. “Well, we’re ALL perverts.”

Off in the distance came the sound of screaming. It came from the direction of the ceremonial clearing.

“Is that the girls?” asked Jennifer, picking up her lantern.

“I’m not sure. We should check on them, just to be safe.”

5.

They met up with the eight pledges running towards them. When a few of them started babbling about the monster, they tried to assure them that it was just a story and the monster wasn’t real, and that maybe they just saw a bear.

“It wasn’t a bear,” gasped one of the girls, “It was too big.”

Jennifer stared her down, “Too big to be a BEAR?!” she shouted back at them. “If you girls are trying to play some prank on us then you are ALL kicked out of Nu!”

Ashley looked at the girls. They were shaking and sobbing. One was hyperventilating. This was no prank. Whatever they saw had frightened all eight of them half to death. Eight?

“Where is Allison?” she interrupted Brianna’s questioning.

The girls looked around, helplessly. They didn’t know what to say.

“You left her there?!” the leader exclaimed in a rage. Then she suddenly felt guilty. SHE left them all there. She was the leader, she was responsible for them, and she left them in the woods where god knows what could happen, all for some silly ritual. Her bladder throbbed. It felt like an ocean was trying to come out. No time for that now.

“Jenn, take them back to the cars,” she bounded in the direction of the clearing, her dire urge to urinate putting extra bounce in every step, “I’m going after Allison.”

6.

Allison kept still in her kneeling position. Something massive was behind her. She could hear it breathing in low, rumbling breaths.

After a minute, it suddenly walked OVER her into the clearing. Her eyes went wide as she saw a beast that was like something out of a nightmare. Her first impression was that of a bear, but she had seen bears in the backyard of her parents’ house, and this was no bear. It was too big, well over ten feet tall. It was dark brown and shaggy, and walked on two legs, but it didn’t move like a bear.

She didn’t know what it moved like. Its arms and shoulders were heavily muscled, like a gorilla, but it had a head that was almost wolf-like. Twisted black antler-like features extended from either side of its head. Could it be a werewolf? No, werewolves were human-sized and didn’t have antlers. What the fuck was she saying, werewolves aren’t real. Just like this monster wasn’t real. This monster right in front of her eyes, that shook the ground with every step and smelled horrible, it wasn’t real either. It couldn’t be. This had a be a bad dream. But she always woke up as soon as she realized it she was in a dream, and yet here she was. Her heart sank when she realized it wasn’t a dream.

The beast was slowly walking around the edge of the clearing. It would stoop down, lower its massive head to the ground, and sniff at a puddle of urine for a few minutes. It would then get up and move to the next puddle and repeat the process, almost ritualistically. She could only guess at what was really happening. The only thing she knew for sure was that the beast was male. When it first walked over her she saw a great furry phallus dangling between its legs. That had been impossible to ignore. Now she noticed that as the beast sniffed at the puddles the heavy organ would twitch. Could this be some kind of mating behavior?

Her swollen bladder rushed back into her consciousness like a locomotive. The pain was so bad she felt like she might explode. Her body screamed at her to let it out then and there, but she was afraid of what the beast would do. She had been absolutely still and it seemed to be ignoring her; she didn’t want to do anything that might attract its attention. Her eyes welled up. She had never had to urinate so badly before in her life. She couldn’t let it out, she couldn’t hold herself, and she couldn’t even cross her legs. She just kept kneeling there with her hands at her side and her thighs squeezed together, hoping that the pressure would be enough to hold back her bursting reservoir of urine.

The beast was sniffing a puddle on the other side of the oak tree. Why is it taking so long? Why can’t it just go away?

Allison felt a drop escape her crotch and crawl down a thigh. She held her breath. Another drop came out. She scrunched her face and bit her lip. To her horror, more drops came out and began to form a trickle.

The beast stomped around from the other side of the oak, nostrils flaring, and looked straight at her with red eyes. They weren’t the dumb eyes of an animal. There was something behind them, something that suggested wisdom. The lips curled back to reveal black gums and yellow teeth, and it ROARED. It was a painful sound that filled her ears and shook her chest. Her crotch vibrated too, until she looked down and saw a sheet of urine spraying out from between her clamped thighs at full force. Panicking, she tried to stop it, but there was just too much urine in her that needed to come out. The desperate spray shot almost straight out and pelted the dirt several feet in front of her.

The beast approached her in two huge stides. She wanted to run away. She wanted to scream. But she knew she had no chance. The monster could pick her up and tear her in half, or it could bite her entire head off in one move. Maybe if she didn’t provoke it it would eventually leave her alone. It seemed to take an interest in her stream, which raged out of her with no signs of letting up.

The beast crouched down, its enormous head sniffed at her expanding puddle. Then a long black tongue uncurled and lapped at her stream. It looked straight into her eyes and made a snorting sound. It moved forward and the tongue swiped her crotch, which was still urinating furiously, in long, rough strokes. Allison cringed at the warm, slimy sensation on her private areas.

Suddenly the beast stood up and towered over her. She watched in horrific fascination as the phallus inflated to more than twice its size and stiffened. It looked like a huge, furry club, and it seemed to be pointing right at her.

Then with a snort the monster turned away and walked towards the old oak tree in the center of the clearing. She watched as it mounted the tree, inserted its enormous phallus into a hollow in the trunk, and began thrusting savagely.

As she watched the beast violate the tree she realized she was safe for the moment, and took note of the relief as she continued to urinate. She didn’t even realize Ashley was there until she was right next to her. Their eyes met and her big sister put her hand up in a gesture of silence. Allison nodded and went back to watching the creature. As Ashley leaned over to untie her from the root, her breasts were splashed by Allison’s racing stream. She didn’t mind.

The beast finished with a roar and a spasm. It withdrew itself from the tree hollow, strands of semen trailing from its phallus. It turned back to where Allison had been kneeling, but she was gone. Only her lake-like puddle, largest of all the puddles, remained. The beast yawned and shuffled off into the darkness.

7.

Allison discovered that she could in fact pee while walking, or even running, as Ashley led her by the hand through the forest with urgency. As her bladder continued emptying, her stream swished out in front of her and behind her with each step. It was an unusual sensation.

“Did you find the other girls?”

“Yea, Jenn brought them back to the van.” Ashley replied curtly.

“Are we almost there?”

“Almost,” She seemed distracted. “It’s not following us, is it?”

“No. It isn’t.” The redhead responded with a certainty that she couldn’t explain. She KNEW it wasn’t following them. She realized she had finally finished peeing.

Ashley spoke up, “I have to apologize. We thought it was just a story. We didn’t know it was real...”

“It’s ok,” the redhead felt strange being the one to reassure her big sister, “now you know.” She briefly considered thanking her for coming back to take her from the beast.

They were coming up to the edge of the forest and the cars were in sight.

Ashley stopped. She was shifting from foot to foot. She looked at the cars, then back at Allison.

“Are you sure it’s not following us?” the leader said, flustered.

“I’m sure.” The redhead had to stop herself from saying that the beast was asleep in the deepest part of the forest, but she didn’t want to have to explain how she knew that, because she couldn’t.

“Ok, please just give me a minute.” Ashley said as she handed her lantern to her pledge. The tall sandy-haired leader leaned forward against a tree, legs apart and her broad buttocks sticking out. With a low moan a geyser of pale yellow piss exploded out from between her swollen lips and pounded into the dirt a few feet behind her. Allison watched the thick, furious stream in a trance. She had never seen that much come out of someone at once. She looked at her big sister leaning against the tree, pissing violently. She looked both strong and vulnerable at the same time. Savoring the relief, and also feeling cold, Ashley shuddered and her stream vibrated in response.

Allison didn’t feel cold at all. Without thinking, she stepped closer to her leader and gently introduced her hand into her stream, letting the warm jet splash against her fingers playfully.

Without saying a word, Ashley thrust her pale rump out even further, backing the source of her gushing stream towards her pledge’s hand.

The redhead noticed that that Ashley’s private parts were swollen and drawn back. She also noticed her large buttocks were covered with goosbumps. She moved her hand from the warm stream and lightly touched it to a cold cheek. With the back of her hand she gently traced its fullness down to cleft where the bottom of the cheek meets the upper thigh. Ashley slowly wagged her derriere in response, still pissing a storm.

The redhead brought her hand back into the stream, cupping it to gather the warm water. The tall sandy-haired girl made a soft sound and the stream swelled magnificently, sending flecks everywhere. Both girls giggled.

Eventually the stream died down and Ashley straighted up and composed herself.

“Done?” asked Allison.

“Mostly,” she said with a smile, “I can hold the rest till we get back.”

The two naked young women approached the cars.

Before opening the door, Ashley turned to the redhead, “Look, this is probably common sense, but you shouldn’t tell anyone about what happened.”

The redhead looked her up and down. “Do you mean the monster, or just now?”

