Awesome Pee In Paradise

27th April 2010, 05:55 AM

Author: glad1

Location: middle US (Sex: Male) Posts: 1,399

I had just started dating this woman a little more than a week before. Tall, thin, tanned and thirty, she seemed to have taken a strong interest in me from the moment we met. I don't think I'd gotten over the kiss we shared at the end of our first date, and her greeting me on our next date took up where the previous one left off. The third and fourth dates each kicked up the intensity another level.

Still, I was a little surprised when she suggested we drive down to Key West for the weekend. So, dragging and screaming , I allowed myself to be held hostage for the next two days.

We met for a leisurely breakfast, and talked over what we wanted to do. The trip was her idea, but I was getting pretty good ideas of my own. We had no set schedule, so we could take our time getting down there, but hoped to check in early enough to get a dip in the hotel pool before sunset, which we absolutely couldn't miss, then getting dressed for a great dinner and followed by a romantic walk on the beach, with the palm trees and stars our only companions.

It took more than two hours to get past the traffic of South Florida and make it into Key Largo. There were fewer cars and stoplights now, but the road was two-lane and zoned for a slower pace. It was a brilliant early spring day and we commented on how everything looked better and more colorful here in the Keys. The sky was bluer, the water greener and the red in the ever-present foliage was eye-popping. Just another typical day in paradise!

A half-hour into the Keys we had about finished the large drinks we'd bought for the drive down, and coupled with the coffee and water I'd consumed at breakfast, I was also noticing a fullness in my bladder. I thought I saw my girlfriend was rocking a little in her seat, as well.

Over the next fifteen minutes I was filling up pretty fast, and getting close to the point of desparation. Of course, normally, with this hot woman sitting just a couple feet away from me, I'd be so erect that I couldn't pee for at least another hour or more. But, today was different.

I have often found that when out in nature, the more beautiful the location the more I really have to pee. Funny, when I'm with a great-looking woman, my bladder locks up, at least to a point. But, put me in a great-looking setting, and it just opens up the waterworks.

I looked over at my date. She was now visibly fidgeting. Our conversation, animated as it was less than a half-hour ago, had fallen back to just a few short words. "Gotta pee, too?", I quietly asked. She nodded.

The next twenty or so miles was mind over bladder. The road now seemed to take us across one small key after another, a dozen bridges interspersed with private resorts. Finally, after one long bridge where I think we both almost lost it (remember here, we were looking at a lot of water), we came to a stretch of deserted vegetation. Pulling the car off to the side, we quickly opened the doors, climbed out and walked through a path in the mangroves onto a narrow beach.

Once on the sand, she held her bikini bottom to one side and half-squatted, while I stood about three feet away and directed my penis towards the ground. I don't know whose pee hit the sand first, but from the look on our faces that initial moment of relief just felt awesome.

