Natalie's Story  Chapter 3

10th November 2012, 09:55 PM

Author: gorcq

Location: Elsewhere (Sex: Male) Posts: 125

Well, here's the last chapter. While I have some general ideas -- nothing like a plotline yet -- for another story to be set in the same world, this is it for now. I hope you enjoy it.

***

Chapter 3: In which Christine believes she Knows something about Human psychology; a friendly Argument occurs regarding Night Noises; Urination imparts Secret Knowledge; there appears indeed to be some Truth to be found in Wine; a professor can be Annoying; and a Nocturnal meeting is not as Private as one might reasonably expect.

Christine crouched against the corner of the biology building, the sandstone rough on her shoulder. She was all but invisible in the shadow the building cast in the dim, cloud-filtered moonlight, and the rain masked any slight noise she might make. Peering around the building, she grinned as she saw two other students sitting in a patch of relative light. Oliver's face was a black shadow, but his back was lit and his left shoulder and hip and the tip of his penis where it lay on his thigh were picked out clearly. Natalie, facing him, was clearly visible, the entire front of her body lit up and her green eyes gleaming slightly in the soft, lambent light. Christine had been sure of finding them together; it was inevitable.

One only had to watch them together to see that they were more than friends. "Have you done Professor Aldham's essay yet?" Natalie had asked one day last week.

"That's what I'm working on now," said Oliver, looking up from the paper he was writing on. He was sitting on the edge of his bed, a lap-desk covering his thighs, pen in hand, ink and sand available. He had an hour before his first class of the day, and was apparently going to use it writing about philosophy. Christine was still too much asleep to concentrate on any kind of work. She was lying on her belly, reading the latest Tim Clapham novel.

Natalie had just finished spreading shaving-soap on the stubble of her beard. She set aside the small bowl and brush she had used for that and picked up her razor. "Do you understand the relation to Coldham's Assertion?"

"Uh..." Christine looked up as Oliver paused, and saw him staring as Natalie carefully dragged the razor down her crotch. She grinned, but made sure not to audibly giggle. "Sorry," Oliver said, shaking his head, as Natalie wiped soap and bits of hair onto a towel. He deliberately looked at Natalie's face, and set the lap desk aside. "Um, well, Coldham's Assertion states that concepts that seem fixed in human consciousness actually change over time. Like, I don't know, um, Nacholsday.* Right?"

"All right." She pulled on the outer lips of her female mouth to ensure she didn't cut them.

"So..." This time Oliver caught himself staring faster. "So, uh, yes, Goldman's Lion was originally used as evidence of the quintuple nature of man's mind..."

"Oh, right, because now we mainly talk about it in terms of the duality of the universe." Natalie glanced up from her work for the first time, and this time only froze for a second as her eyes encountered Oliver's erect penis. "Thanks, Oliver."

As usual, Christine had wanted to say something, but she had felt instinctively that they had to figure this out on their own. And, now, the two of them had an assignation in the middle of the night. Christine grinned to herself at the knowledge of the secret. She wouldn't have known anything about this had she not been woken in the middle of the night by a strong need to pee. Sitting on the toilet next to Natalie's bed, her eyes closed and her brain incompletely functioning, the sound of her pee falling in the water loud in the night-silent room, it took her a few moments to realize that something was out of place. Natalie's continuous snoring was absent.

"No, I don't!" Natalie had exclaimed when Christine accused her of snoring like a lion with a bayonet up his bottom. "And you should talk! You sound like ... like a windmill trying to crush five pounds of walnuts at a go!"

"I do not! Oliver, you've heard her snoring, surely!"

Oliver had looked up from his tome on extra-cerebral thought patterns. "I have. Actually, you both snore." He grinned.

"What?" both girls demanded.

"Yeah, but it's not that loud. The two of you together sound like a professor shuffling through essay papers on his desk."

Whatever the case, Christine was sure the room was too quiet. She opened her eyes, and saw that Natalie's bed was empty. She looked about, and came suddenly to full consciousness when she realized that Oliver's bed was also empty. She grinned in the semidarkness. Had they finally figured out what she'd known all along? The last of her pee hissed and tinkled into the toilet bowl; she shook off the few drops clinging to her waxed beard, stood and pulled the chain. Someone a few beds down -- she thought it might be Red Alice -- complained sleepily about the noise as the water from the tank on the ceiling washed Christine's pee away, but went back to sleep.

Christine considered a moment, then grabbed her sandals and slipped out of the dormitory. At the last week-end, Natalie, Oliver and Christine had gone into the town; Natalie had had some minor errand or other and didn't know her way around, so the three of them had made an afternoon of it. Christine, the Toron City native, showed them around with emphasis on places to get drunk, and soon they were well lit up.

Christine didn't think Natalie would remember this part, but Oliver had ended up carrying her most of the way back to campus that night. Natalie had been passed out in his arms, her head against his shoulder, he making sure to hold her high enough that her buttocks wouldn't be touching his fully erect penis. Halfway back, Christine had glanced over and pointed out that she was peeing in her sleep, the urine trickling down onto his leg before being lost on the rainwater. "I don't mind," he responded. "You don't have to worry about that when it's raining."

Now, the rain covered Christine's body like a warm, wet blanket as she stepped out of the front door. There was nobody about that she could see -- but, of course, they weren't going to sneak out of the dormitory in the middle of the night only to have their way with each other in the middle of the courtyard. She smiled at that thought, then looked about for someplace they could hide. To her left was the geology building. The only light in the building came from the second floor, near where Professor Blick had her office.

Christine snorted slightly. She'd probably spent three or four hours on that essay Blick had assigned, before she finally asked around and found that Harlan, from upstairs, had attended Blick's class last year. When she asked him for help, he'd started laughing. "It's the earthworm essay, right?"

"Yeah, 500 words on 'The Anatomy of the Common Earthworm as it Relates to the Second Mathematical Law of Organic Geology.'"

"You haven't spent much time on it, have you?"

"Just a few sentences," she said, which was unfortunately true.

"Well, tear them up. The earthworm is not in any way relevant to the second law, or any of the others, really. I mean, there are a few vague comparisons to be made, but nothing seriously scientific."

"So, the essay is impossible?"

"Yeah, she does this every year. If you hand it in, she publicly berates you for 'not using your time properly,' then assigns you a 5,000-word essay on something foolish."

"Oh, gods."

"My year, I think it was 'The Importance of Rational Thought and Organization in a University Environment.'"

"Seriously?" Christine thought a moment. "Wait, you're not meant to do that one, either, are you?"

"You learn fast. Eddie was the only one who did it, and she expelled him from her class immediately. Wrote something like 'failure to learn from previous example' on the form."

Harlan had been right about everything. What an annoying woman Blick was. Christine had managed to circumnavigate the geology building without bumping into anyone, but the biology building was different. Christine shifted her position in the shadow of it. Her ankles were starting to hurt, so she sat down on the wet grass. She knew she should probably go away and let Oliver and Natalie have their privacy, but the temptation to see how far they'd go was too much. Right now, they were just talking quietly, his hand unthinkingly on her thigh, and Christine strained her ears to hear them.

"I'm not -- I mean, it's just that I don't think I've ever touched a man before," Natalie was saying. "Except, y'know, handshakes." She lowered her voice. Christine couldn't see, but in her experience, this tone of voice meant her friend was blushing. "And, uh, two weeks ago."

She must be referring to an incident in which she had spontaneously hugged Oliver in the middle of the dormitory. Christine had been certain the two of them had figured out that there was something between them, and was shocked when they'd agreed to forget about it. Well, obviously one didn't forget something like that so easily.

"I don't really know what I'm doing either," Oliver responded now, "but I'm sure we could figure it out. If-- if you want to, of course."

"I-- yes, I want to."

"Just tell me ... tell me if I do anything that doesn't feel good."

Oliver leaned forward and kissed her on the mouth. For just a moment, Natalie was still and unresponsive, but then she opened her mouth slightly, leaning into the kiss, her arms finding their way around his back. When they broke apart, Oliver's penis was standing at attention, half of it visible outside the shadow of his body, as though it were floating in mid-air. Natalie dropped her eyes for a moment, and found herself staring at it. Out of habit, she quickly looked away; but Oliver laughed quietly and said, "Go ahead. In fact, if you don't touch it soon, I'll have to assume you don't really want to do this. Then, being a gentleman, I'd have to go away and leave you alone."

Christine was looking at Oliver's penis, too. Once again, she half-heartedly considered going back to the dormitory and leaving them alone, but she didn't move -- except for her right hand, which, she suddenly realized, was massaging her sex without her conscious approval. She yanked it away, but then reconsidered: it wasn't as though anyone could see her. She began slowly running her forefinger along the edges of her outer female lips.

Natalie reached out a finger and gently brushed the tip of Oliver's shaft, which wobbled back and forth for a second, the visible length of the shaft fluctuating. Both laughed, and she touched it again. She spread her legs slightly as he reached over and brushed a finger down her smooth-shaven sex, and she shivered slightly at his touch. "Ooh," she said. She had to pee, a little -- a lot maybe -- but she didn't want to stop what they were doing. She could take care of it later. Her hand began to explore Oliver's sex, fingers gently probing his bag of seeds. Then, with her other hand, she began to stroke up and down his rod.

Oliver moaned and encouraged her for a moment, but then stopped her, convincing her to lie down on the grass on her back. "This is something I've always wanted to do," he said, almost in awe as he touched her breasts. First it was a gentle caress with his full hands around the bottom and sides.

"You like my breasts?" Natalie asked, surprised. The massage was pleasant, and she relaxed into it. Her nipples hardened and grew slightly.

"Of course!" He was kneeling over her now, one knee on either side of her torso, the tip of his penis rubbing her just above the navel as he moved.

"But, they're so tiny. Not like Christine's."

"Christine's are way too big. Yours are perfect."

Christine almost cried out, "What?" but stopped herself in time.

"You mean it?"

"Of course."

Using his fingertips, Oliver stroked Natalie's left nipple, sending a quite surprising jolt of pleasure through her entire body. "Oh! Do that again!" she gasped. He grinned, and repeated the action with her right nipple, with similar results. Natalie had, by now, begun stroking his stalk again, this time with both hands, but she stopped abruptly as he squeezed both of her breasts. "Ow!"

"Sorry!" He pulled both hands away.

"Don't-- I mean, it was just a bit too hard, that's all." He tried again, and this time she smiled. "Mmmm," she mumbled, and began touching his penis again. "That's good, but I wish you'd touch me down below again."

"Let's try this. Um, spread your legs a bit more." He moved between her legs, so that his wiener was now rubbing against her female lips, pushing them slightly apart. She moaned. The tip of Oliver's organ was wet not only with rainwater, but something more viscous as well, and it sent a shiver through is body despite the warmth of the rain. "Is that good?" he asked.

"Yeah. Oh, yes it is. Put it in further!"

"Are you sure?" He was teasing her, a little bit; but also, as much as he didn't want to, he felt like he really ought to give her a last chance to back out.

"Yes, yes I'm sure. No, wait!"

He had already tensed his muscles to push forward, had even moved a little bit, but he pulled up short at her scream. "What? Are you well?"

"I'm fine, and I don't want to stop, but I have to pee. I'm sorry, I thought I could hold it, but now I'm sure I'll pee all over you if you go in. Just--"

"I don't care if you pee on me. We don't need to worry about that when it's raining."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm sure."

"Right, then put it in. Please!"

He grinned, and put it in. Her female mouth folded around him like a warm, wet glove, sending shivers of pleasure throughout his body. Despite Natalie's gasp of pain, he was all the way in before he slowed down. "Are you well?" he asked again.

"Oh, gods, yes!" she answered. "It pinched a bit at first, but now I feel so full and -- ooh, your beard tickles around my lips. And I only peed a little!"

They lay like that for a moment, and then Oliver said, "I'm going to move it about a bit. I think that will feel better." It did. Natalie gasped again, and this time he felt a small spray that he assumed was her pee against his lower belly and the root of his penis. The rain was only falling on his back now, so the other sensation was obvious. She cut it off quickly. It felt nasty, but in a good way. He moved again, and was rewarded with another spray of pee. "It actually feels good when you pee on me like that," he gasped.

"Really?"

"Yeah!" He moved some more. "Just little spurts like that." She was massaging her own nipples with both hands, and pushing her hips at him, impatiently, each time he pushed himself into her. They fell into a rhythm, gasping and moaning, their mouths open in awe at the sensations in their bodies; and Christine, watching, allowed herself to moan a bit too as she rhythmically shoved two fingers of her right hand inside her female mouth and massaged the engorged button at the top corner of it with her left.

"Wow!" cried Natalie. "Oh, gods, keep doing that, keep doing it; I'm going to... it's too much..." She put both arms around his back and her legs behind his bottom and held him tight, as though trying to prevent him going farther from her than their in-and-out rhythm was taking him.

"I'm ... uh ... not ... stopping now!" he reassured her. She was still peeing in spurts, though the spurts were getting longer, and that and the squeezing of her mouth on his cock were making him crazy.

"Oh, gods!" Natalie turned the words into a long scream so that a quiet and largely-ignored part of Oliver's mind worried that someone might hear them. She gripped him more tightly, pulling him into herself as hard as she could, the muscles in her lower mouth squeezing his penis in spasms as though milking him, her spurts of pee becoming a long, hot stream. He quickly forgot about everything else as his own climax filled his body with pleasure, his seed spraying into Natalie's body, both their bodies shaking as they gripped each other, Oliver's entire weight on Natalie's body. They were so absorbed in their own pleasure that neither noticed Christine's similar though stifled cry of pleasure as she fell backward to lie on the grass, panting, one hand on each mouth.

Christine was the first of the three to recover. She stood in the shadows and rubbed her hands together in the rain to wash off her any of her female juices that might be on them, and then did the same for her legs and sex. Natalie moaned. "Ooh, Oliver," she grunted, "you're crushing me." Oliver, still recovering from the most powerful orgasm he'd had in his life, managed to roll off her, so that the two of them lay on their backs in the rain, next to each other, Oliver's arm across Natalie's belly.

Christine judged this a good time to leave. As she was walking away, she heard Natalie say, "Gods, that was the most wonderful thing I've ever been involved in."

"Me, too," Oliver replied. He grinned weakly. "Shall we try to top it some other night?"

Christine grinned to herself. She'd always known these two were meant for more than just friendship.

The End

