/still-a-nuaghty-girl-part-8/38384/

Still A Nuaghty Girl Part 8

10th November 2009, 03:15 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Luise too me up the big main stairway just off from the livingroom. This was my first time upstairs in her house. Luise took me down a short hall and opened her bedroom door. We stepped inside and she quietly closed the door shut. Now looking around the room I knew her room was in the front right corneer of the house. As I looked to the front wall there was the big picture window which you couls see everything outside.

Luise went and turned on a small light which was on a old big wooden desk. With the light now on all of her bedroom furniture was old dark brown bedroom furniture that was a set. Her bed was a hudge bed too! It was a queen size and looked extra long too. It was a four poster and the headboard was one of those real tall ones that stood almost ten feet high.

Luise came over to me and asked me; What do you think? I told her the antique bedroom set was very nice. She told me it was her great grandparents. It had been passed down and now it was hers. Luise then gave me a kiss as we were standing by her bed and then she pulled her sweater right over her head and tossed it on the floor.

Luise smiled at me as she cupped her breats with her hands under them. Lets get down to business! she said to me. I smiled and I took my hands replaced hers that were on her breasts and I started tweeking her nipples and massaged them also. Luise got busy taking care of my jeans by unbuckling my belt,popped the snap, and pulled my zipper down on them.

She then pulled my jeans down along with my boxers as far as she could get thgem. She didn't want to have her get down to low so that I couldn't keep playing with her tits with my hands and also by this tme besides my hands I had started teasing her nipples with my tounge! So my pants were at half mast at my knees.

Luise then yanked down her grey sweatpants to her knees. So she was at half mast also. Then she reached down and held my cock which was just starting to get hard. She stroked it with short strokes and did it lightly too. We went like this for several minutes standing there by her bed.

Then Luise asked me to lift a leg up so she could slip my jeans pant leg down. I pulled my mouth off from the tit I was licking and sucking on and just used my fingers teasing the now stiff nipple. I raised my one leg up and she pulled that side right down and off. Then she did the other pant leg of my jeans. I was no longer had my pants at half mast and my cock was not that way either. I had a full erection by now.

Then I slipped Luise's sweat pants off from her. Now we got on her bed whch her matress was on the soft side but did feel very nice. Plus she had satin sheets on it which felt cool and they were slippery! We both layed stretched out facing each other in the same direction. WE kissed as she was stroking my cock slowly with her hand as I was playing with her breasts with my hands.

This time we went along slowly. There was no urgent hurry not like when we were outside inside the old wooden sighn earlier. Luise even sucked on my nipples and they even got hard! Then after awhile which I didn't know how long it had been Luise after we had kissed stopped stroking my ock with her hand and I was not sucking on one of her tits asked me; Are you ready for a little piece of muff pie? I'm serving! I let out a short laugh. I can go for that! I said back to her.

So Luise got up nad she got over me placing her ass above my head. She was facing so that she was looking down my body as I laid under her. She was squating at first then got down on her knees stradddling over me with her crotch with her pussy just above me. Here let me make you more comfortible Luise said to me. She reached around behind her and grabbed two of the big pillows that were on the bed. She tucked them under my head which did make it much more comfortible and now my mouth was only a couple inches away from her pussy!

Luise lowered down just a little more. I could now smell the oder of piss in my nose. Luise hadn't wiped any time that we had pissed since leaving the trailer. Luise quickly asked before I started to have my pie; How does my pie smell? Tastey? I tld her it smelled good kind of pissy but I like that! Luise couldn't help but let out little giggle.

I stuck my tounge out and I flicked it across the lower part of her pussy several times. I tasted the bitter taste of piss on it. Luise aske me after she felt my tounge do its several flicks on her pussy; Taste like piss too? I told her it did but I like that too! Then I moved upward on her pussy and licked away. When I got to her clit I worked it by licking it up and down and also flicking my tounge on side to side on it.

I could hear now Luise was breathing a little heaveier and quicker. As I went along eating her muff pie I aso now had reached back up placing my hands on her breasts and was again massaging her nipples or would lightly squeeze them or pinch them. Luise also had leaned over slightly and she had a hand back on my cock and was stroking it going slowly but taking long strokes on it with her hand.

Again since we were in no rush taking out time I wound up having a big piece of muff pie! Luise raised herself up taking her pussy away from my mouth and tounge. She let go of my ock and she turned around straddling over me on herhands and knees. She lowered down and she gave me several kissses in a row. Then sheseemed to want to ask me something but was hesitating about asking me what she wanted to ask me.

I sensed it and I asked her; What's the matter? Got something to ask me don't you? Luisse did a little smile and she did tell me she had something to ask me. Luise was whispering to me but sounded unsure. She went on whispering saying that I liked her muff pie which I told her I did. You liked the pissy smell of it and the pissy taste too. I said yes both times between the smell and taste. Well come on what are you getting to Luise? I asked her back.

Then in a whispering voice which I could just barely hear she asked me if I drank piss. Luise had to go! I smiled with a big smile. I reached up with my arm pulled her mouth down to mine and I kissed her real hard. After the hard kiss was done Luise pulled her mouth off from mine and she had a big as smile on her face as I had on mine.

She quickly then got up went on and got on her knees straddling me. She skidded foward on on the satin sheet untill she again had her pussy just above and in front of my mouth. She even reached down with her hands slipped them behind my head and held my head with them. I opened my mouth wide. Luise let out a little soft giggle and she whispered loudly to me. Get ready its comming!

Sure enough Luise started to piss afew seconds later. Her warm salty piss shot into my mouth but she wasn't pissing hard so my mouth didn't rapidly fill right up but went quickly. There was the sound of her piss splashing in my mouth in my ears. I couldn't tell if Luise could see her piss going into my mouth but her stream slowed but didn't stop for I had to swallow her piss down for my mouth was almost filled with it.

I closed my mouth and swallowed hard reopened my mouth which I had done quickly but I did ger some pisss on my lowerface which ran down off from my face and on to the pillows under my head. Iwas now getting a second tastey mouthfull. Again the note of her piss splashing in my mouth changed as my mouth filled up. I got some more piss on my face again after I closed my mouth and had to swallow Luise's warm salty piss down.

I started taking my third mouthfull. On this one Luise's stream slowed. So it took longer to get my mouth filled up. With about only a half mouthfull of piss in my mouth Luise was now dripping which the drops of her piss splashed in the piss in my mouth which made Luise giggle hard as she heard her piss dripping. I waited untill she did stop dripping and then I swallowed her piss down.

Luise slid back and then leaned down and she kissed me! Then she smiled. LIke the drink that went with your pie? Luise asked me after the kiss. I smiled and I told her I had! Do you have room for a second piece of my pie? Luise asked me with a giggle this time. I never refuse seconds! I said back to her. Luise turned right around placing her pussy in my face. THis time she stayed on her hnds and knees. She had a reason for she took turns either stroking my cock or she would give me head!

I went on and had a good second piece of Luise's pie. Then she had given my ock a lot of teatment too. Then she was ready to get laid. She this time ;ayed beside me on her side with her ass and pussy up against me. She made me take turns using her pussy and asshole! I used one hnd massaging her clit the other playing with each of her tits. She woudl at times cup my balls with it or even slip her fingers on to my ocks shaft as it was sliding back and forth.

