Dog Walking With Joanne

28th October 2009, 02:33 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

My girlfriend Ruth had a older sistor named Joanne. Joanne was a couple of years older then Ruth. Joanne was a redhead and her red hair she wore it straight and very long down to her waist. She had a slim waist and unlike Ruth Joanne was a full figuired girl with very nice large full breasts and a nice looking ass to match when she wore tight jeans.

Joanne also liked to drink beer while Ruth didn't. Ruth would drink wine instead. Also Joanne smoked pot too. This was back in 1969 so Joannewas kind of on the hippieish side. She had a great sense of humer,liked sports and played sports. Now also she and Ruth shared walking the family dog witch was a big collie. The dog would be walked every night before every one would turn in.

Sometimes it would be the three of us that would walk the dogor Ruth and I or Joanne and I. Joanne always would take a couple cans of beer with her when she walked the dog. Well this time it was the three of us that went and walked the dog this night. Joanne already had drank several cans of beer before taking the dog out for itss walk. She had two more cans on her as we left the house and started walking up the road.

Joanne waited for a short time before she pulled one of the cans out from her pocket and opened it making a loud snap when she opened it. Beer foam started flowing out of the opening of the can. Joanne laughing sayng Oh shit! quickly sipped off the foam. Then she took a long sip from the can. She offered me a sip which I took one and gave the can back to her after she lit of a cigarette to have with her beer.

Now the road we always walked the dog on after halfway up the hill it went up there were no houses on either side. There was just woods and high grass. It also wasn;t paved like down by where the houses were on it. There it was paved. There were still streetlights but there were further apart from each other. So there was light enough to see.

The rule with walking the dog was that the dog had to piss or shhit or both before comming back to the house. Well tonight th collie didn't piss or shit right away. Instead she wanted to play, sniff everything that interested her, or would go running off and come back. Joanne didn't care and either did I. Ruth did. She got impatent in a big hurry. So much so she told Joanne and I she was going back to the house. She gave me a quick kiss and headed back down the road and headed back to the house.

Joanne laughed hard as Ruth walked away. She asked me if Ruth had the rag on. I laughed at that and told Joanne I didn't know. She might. Joanne had finished the first can of beer she had brought along and she took the other one out and opened it. This time this one didn't spray foam all over after it was opened.

She and I shared the second can. Also now not having Ruth with us Joanne slipped out a joint and lit it up. We passed that back and forth. We started walking further up the road smoking and drinking as we went. When we did reach the top of the hill the dog still had not yet gone so Joanne lit up another joint and we smoked it. I also had two cans of beer tucked in my pockets so I got one out and she and I shared that one too.

We stood on the side of the road drinking and smoking and talking for a short while. Joanne then durring the time we were there told me she now had to take a piss. Now this could have been from drinking the beer. Joanne had started before we had left to walk the dog. Joanne was the type of girl that would piss outside without any problem. I knew this for she had pissed when all three of us had walked the dog on a previous night.

That was funny too. For Joanne said that she had to piss and she walked over into the high grass along the side of the road unbuckled her belt popped the snap on her jeans, Pulled them right down to her knees. She did have on a pair of white panties but she did squat down into the high grass before she slipped them down. :-( Ruth said real loud to her; Joanneyour going to piss in front of Victor! He will see you!

Now before Joanne did start her piss she laughed hard. Ruth I'm sure Victor has seen a girl piss or has seen a girls pussy and ass before! He's seen you piss! Well that shut Ruth right up! I had when we were out on a date and we were parking. Ruth had to piss and I went with her and she did piss right in front of me. I got to hear Joanne piss for her piss stream hissed loudly and I could hear it plainly along with its splashing when it did hit the hard ground.

Now I expected that Joanne would again walk over into the high grass along side the road to piss. So I stayed standing in the road. Joanne had taken a few steps away from me but then she stopped. Come on its ok to come with me. Ruthie is not here! Joanne called Ruth Ruthie that was Joannes nickname for her. Joanne said to me giggling hard. I wan't some company while I go! I laughed and told Joanne that she was a typicail girl needing company when she had to go. That made Joanne laugh harder but her laughter stopped real quick. Don't make me laugh! Joanne said to me. Ottherwise I'll piss myself! That sure would look good comming in the hosue with wet jeans! Then Joanne laughed again hard.

So I stepped over to Joanne ans she looked down the road and then she hurridly unbuckled her belt. She popped the snap on her jeans , ripped her zipper down on her jeans with a very loud zzzzzt. She yanked her jeans down over her ips and slid them down to her knees. Joanne had on a pair of what looked like a pair of very light blue bikini styled panties

. She peeled them right down into her jeans.

Now as I was looking at her she did have a very small patch of red matching curly pubic hair just above her pussy. Joanne then told me having pubic hair this time of the year was a big pain in the ass! I laughed and asked her why. Laughing she told me that it itched like hell a couple of days after shaving it. It was itching like hell right now! So Joanne stood there and scratched herself in the area around her red pubic hair patch and then she got down into a high squat right there in the middle of the road.

Joanne did reach down with one hand and pulled her jeans and panties forward as far as they would go. Nothing happened for several good long seconds. Joanne muttered durring this time that she had waited to long. Now she couldn't go. Then she said laughing; Opps I shouldn't have said that! Here it comes! Then she did start but only pissed weakly which was some dribbling. Her piss that dribbled out wetted her pussy and went down into her lower crotch wetting it and dripped off from her making several small wet spots in the dirt.

Then the dribbling went right into a very hard stream. Her stream shot out from between her pussys slender lips going with a short but wide head and went right into a twist. Her stream was also hissing loudly and it went straight down. When it hit the hard packed dirt surface of the road it splashed hard sending piss in every direction. Joanne was looking down and she quickly moved her feet seperating them further apart. Looking down Joanne giggled and she told me she some of her piss was splashing on her new leather boots!

Now as Joanne went on pissing the dirt soon no longer soaked up her piss. So a small piss puddle diod form in the dirt and got larger as she pissed. Joanne fumbled in her pocket took out a cigarette and lit it. Well as have one. she said to me. I thin I'm going to piss long enough to smoke it. Joanne exhaled and let out a big cloud of smoke into the air.

I stood there watching Joanne piss and now I would say she was approaching a half minute. Her piss puddle had started over running in its shallow depression so there was a piss trail creeping over the dirt with a foam patch in the front of the piss trail leading the way. Then out of the clear blue sky Joanne looked up and right at me. She asked me if I had a hardon! I laughed and I did tell her I did! Joanne giggled hard for just a few seconds. Then what she asked me next I did not expect her to ask at all!

I know you and Ruthie are together but Can I see your cock? Joanne asked me. Ruthie won't mind if I do see it. Joanne went on saying as she still stayed sqauted and pissed. I won't tell her and I'm SURE you won't either! After all Victor your looking right at my pussy right now! Joanne was rightfor saying that I was looking right at her pussy. I was.

I didn't mention that as far as her pussy with its slender lips Joannes pussy had a slender but long clit above the long slit opening too. I told Joanne kind of a soft sounding voice that I would. Joanne let out a giggle and went back looking downward taking another puff from her cigarette. I asked her if she wanted to see my pecker now. Joanne laughed and shook her head no. Wait till I'm done with my piss first! I laughed and said ok back to her.

Joanne wasn't kidding about needing to take apiss. It turned out to be a very long one. For she went on and pissed a good nother minute more. Her piss trail had gone and crept over the dirt surface of the road and had reached a good six feet in its length. Plus there was quite a bit of piss foam in the puddle now too. Her stream began now to ease off very slow. For as I watched her stream its head began to narrow along with its hisssing got softer.

A short time later the hissing of her stream had stopped. Now her stream was only making a soft splash in the piss puddle. Her stream was very narrow and the twist in it wa gone too. Then like when she had started Joannes stream went into a good dribble with it really giving her crotch a good wetting and it now dribbled from both of her asscheeks. This went on like this for a good several seconds.

Then Joanne took a last ddrag on her cigarette and exhaled hard. FRom her pussy a short good hrd spurt of piss shot out of it. Then after the spirt a litle more dribbling and then that was it. Joanne was done with her piss. Joanne stayed squated for a few seconds more making sure she was done. Then she reached down grabbing her panties pulled them up as she stood up.

As she snugged her panties up hard int her crotch Joanne giggled as she said to me; That's going to have to do. They are already pissed stained. Alittle more piss weting them doesn't matter. Then she reached down and pulled her jeans up, zipped them up, buckled her belt with out bothering with the snap on them. Then she stepped right over to in front of me.

Now as Joanne stood in front of me she giggled hard saying to me; Now it's your turn! As I started to reach down to pull my zipper down Joanne still giggleing asked me; Should I or you? I smiled at Joanne and took my hand away from my zipper. She pulled it down just like she had done with hers. It made a loud zzzzt. But then instead of slipping her fingers inside of my now pulled down zipper Joanne started yanking hard on my belt to unbuckle it.

I asked her what she was doing? Giggling as she now had my belt unbuckled and was popping the snap on my jeans Joanne giggling hard told me she wanted to see my balls too. Joanne went on saying that Ruthie had told her that my balls felt like to little hard stones! ( Ruthie did like fondleing them when we did foreplay!) I laughed and told Joanne to go right ahead.

Joanne shoved my jeans down to my knees. Now I had on a pair of white briefs which as you know briefs are tight. So there was a big bulge showing from my hard cock showng in the front of them. Joanne was looking right at that big buldge in my white briefs. She had a big smile on her lips too as she looked at it. Then she said to me; THere's more then one handfull in there! I agaion smiled with a bigger smile.

Then Joanne took and opened the slit opening of my briefs and slid her fingers inside of it. She gently pulled out my very hard cock out of them. She smiled with even a bigger smile as she stared at my cock. Then after staring at it and holding it in her hand for a good ten seconds she let go of it. Now for your balls! Joanne said to me. With that she reached for the top of my briefs waistband and tugged them down hard!

With my cock standing pointing upward as ny briefs were yanked don by Joanne my cock sticking out through the slip openiong was also yanked downward and as my broefs went down my cock was pushed down and my briefs slid down it till theyt cleared and my hard cock went back upward so quickly its head smacked hard with a loud smack againstr my lower belly. Joanee yanked my white briefs into my jeans.

Joanne then did two things. One she said to me quite excitedly; Ruthie is right! Your balls do look like tow little hard stones under your cock! As Joanne said this to me she also reached right over to to my balls with her hand and cupped them into it. She fondled them gently for several long seconds and let go of them. Then she wanted to look at my ass so I turned around and showed that to her. She simple said to me; Nice ass! Then I turned around and faced Joanne.

Having her looks at me Joanne told me ok to me. I said back to her; Well since my pants and briefs are down I have to piss. Oh you do? Joanne asked me very fast,and excitedly. Yes I do. I replied back to her. With that I reached down pulled my cock down to take my piss. Joanne was standing in front of me quickly stepped aside and back and stood at my left side. Still with a excited voice she said to me; Let me do it! So Ilet her. She gently took a hold of my cock and I let go with my hand.

Unlike Joanne I had no trouble starting my piss. As soon as she had taken a hold of my cock I started pissing. Joanne let out a loud short giggle as my piss stream made a long arcing stream through the air and came down several feet away splashing hard on the dirt surface of the road. Your'e not bashfull at all! Joanne said to me. No I am not! I said back to Joanne giggling as I said it.

After I had pissed for about ten seconds I asked Joanne if she was feeling horney right now. Joanne giggled just a little. Why do you aske? she said back to me. Your hand feels hot on my dick! I said back to her. Joanne giggled a little more then told me she was a little wet and it was not from piss either! Then we both were silent for a short time. I wa enjoying taking a piss and the feel of Joannes hot hand holding my cock. Joanne seemed to be that she was holding on to it too.

Joanne then pushed my cock down some which made my piss come back and satrt wetting the road in a new spot. Then she asked me if I ever had oral sex with Ruthie. Either I on her,her on me or both at once. I laughed and I told Joanne asking her; Gee with both of you as sistors don't you to tell each other what you do. Joanne giggled a little harder. Then she told me that they did but Ruthie has only told me about you two just feeling each other up and you sucking on her tits! Oh yeah and pissing!

I replied back that Ruthie had not yet let me eat her and she had only had given me hand jobs. Joanne giggled very hard and as she did she said to me; Ruthie doesn't know what she's missing out on! Then it was my turn to ask Joanne a question. Do you like having your pussy eaten? Then before she could answer me back I asked; Do you like to give head? Joanne again giggled even harder and told me loudly saying YES! Want some after you piss? Want to eat my pussy? Like her I said in return a loudd yes but without laughing or giggling. I felt Joanne's fingers tighten up thier grip on my cock.

I too started to push making my piss come out harder. My stream shot forward almst reaching where on the roads dirts surface where it first had landed and wetted it. Someone now is sure in a hurry! Joanne said to me right after my piss stream had jumped forward so quickly. I smiled. Well don't I have a good enough reason to be? Joanne giggled again and she shook her head yes and she also told me to hurry up! I want it too!

I pushed hard right through the rest of the time I pissed. I like her took a long piss and I finished up taking several long spurts. I told her that was it after I did the last long spurt. Joanne was eager. She let go of my cock which it bounced upward har into my lower belly smacking it hard against it with a loud smack. On impact too a little bit of piss came out from my cock slit and splattered.

Joanneseeing this giggled but said sorry to me. I should have given you a shake ot two! No matter I said back to her. Then Joanne bending over grabbed my briefs slid them back up as fast as she could go and did the same with my jeans. Woth out doing anything more as far as pulling up my zipper,buckling my belt, and taking care of the snap on my jeans Joanne said to me Come on lets go!

Wait a minute Joanne I have to take care of my pants! Joanne then giggled hard as she looked at me as I did buckle my belt and yanked up my zipper. My jeans would stay up with that much done to them. Joanne then grabbed my hand hard and at a real quick pace we strarted back down the road heading down the hill.

I asked Joanne where we were going. She told me there was a spot offf to the side of the road she knew. That's where we are going. So I got pulled along till we reached about halway down the road and Joanne then cut to the left and we went in through a narrow secion of high grass and on to a path that went in through the woods.

We onlywent in about ten feet and ca,einto a clearing. Now where we had cut off from the road there was a power ploe with a streetlight on it. Joanne told me that she knew this spot was here from walking te dog and she came here a lot. Even with the trees around the clearing they were yound trees so they were not all that tall. The light from the street light did shine in the clearing providing enough light so we could see.

Joanne grabbed my belt pulled me into her. She got it unbuckled. I wasn't so fast as she was as I unbuckled her belt. I felt her yankk my zipper down hard which also I heard the louud zzzt was she yanked it down. I pulled hers down just as hard as she did mine. Joanne let out a short hard laugh. Then she said to me right after I had her zipper down; Well someione is in a hurry now arn't they! I let out a laugh and shook my head yes.

The together we both yanked each others jeans right down stopping them on our upper thighs which niether one of us had bent over yet doing this. Then Joanne yanked down my white briefs and I her bikini panties. Then we did have to slow down a litle and take turns taking each others jeans and underware totat;y off from each other which we did.

The first thing we both did was kiss and hard. We also both took a hand Joanne reaching down and taking my hard cock with hers while I reached down and put a finger on her already stiff swollen clit and the other partaily slipped into her hot feeling wet pussy slit! She started jerking me off gently and I gently massaged her clit and explored a littl deeper sliding my finger back and forth in her pussy.

We stood there doing our foreplay and kissing as we went along. Joanne was getting more excited by it and so was I. For between kisses Joanne would whisper telling me to rub her clit a little faster and also slide my finger deeper and faster too. I felt herhand tighten up a little more on my cock and she stroked it with longer strokes too. We went on for awhile and then after kissing Joanne stopped stroking my cock. She asked me if I wanted to be over her or she over me. I told her to be over me.

I laid down on the ground which was covered with something that felt very soft on my bare skin of my ass. Joanne stepped over my outstretched body facing towards me first letting me take a look up at her pussy. Then she turned around and stood over me again letting me look at her nice ass. I reached up and patted both of her asscheeks with my hands an then I slid them up to her hips and gently pulled down on them.

As Joanne started to lower herself down she told me with a giggle; I hope that you don't mind the smell or taste of piss. I'm sure my pussy is going to smell like piss and taste like it too! I let out a laugh as now Joanne was sqauting with her ass and pussy over my face. As she then got down on her kness streching her legs out past my head and also was now on her jands too I told her that I didn't mind at ALL! THAT MAKES IT BETTER! Joanne responded giggling harder and I felt her lift my cock up and away off form my belly.

I now reached up and placed my hands on her warm firm asscheeks. I was looking right up at her crotch with her pussy and asshole above my face! I pushed with my hands a litle more and Joanne lowered herself down a little more. I felt her warm lips slip on to my hatd cock only going to where the ring on my ccok was. Then I felt her tounge flicking back and forth on my cock head and her hand started ever so gently sliding up and down on its shaft.

Now that Joannes pussy was so close to my face she was right it smelled quite strong as far as piss. Piss at least to me always had a stronger oder when you drink beer. I flicked my tounge out and took a lick starting on Joannes stiff swollen clit and worked my tounge down probing into her slit and getting the taste on my tounge of the strong bitter taste of piss on it as my tounge slid its way down between her slit and lips. I pushed with my hands harder making my tounge go in deeper before I started back up again. I felt Joannes lips tighten harder down on my cock and her mouth started sliding down on to my cocks shaft with her sucking hard on it too.

After going for what I would have said several good long minutes. I started just licking and sucking on Joannes clit. I still had my finger up inside her but I had slowed down sliding it in and out of it. Joanne now was taking very long strokes with her mouth taking almost my entire cocks shaft into it. Joanne pressedharder down into me and if you wre looking at us her asscheeks would have my face covered over!

Then Joanne pulled her mouth of from my cock.She still went on jerking ot off with her hand though. Breathing hard and heavy she managed to ask me to wet a finger and stick it up her ass! Then she went back putting her mouth down on my cock and sucked it harder. So I went onmassaging her clit took my other hand that was on her as and I licked the finger next to my thumb and I reached up with it and pressed it on Joannes asshole. She moved her ass back and my finger poked right into it and started sliding. As soon as it had started sliding up inside of her I felt herasshole clamp down hard on my finger and Joannes lips tighgtend down more on my occk as they slid down it.

Now ith my finger up her ass my other working in and out of her pussy and licking her pussy and clit Joanne started rocking back and forth takubg short rocks back and fotrh and also did it quickly. She aslo was now sucking harder on my cock and sliding her mouth up and down it much faster too. So I returned the favor by nassaging her clit a litle harder and faster and slid my insrted finger faster and licked her clit and pussy harder with my tounge. In a matter of minute of doing all this Joanne had to let up her tight lips let out a gasp along with a moan.

It now seemed to be a race to see which one of us would make the other cum! I didn't know how long it would take Joanne to cum and she me. As it turned out it happened this way. Joanne suddenly had herasshole clamp down hard on my insereted finger that was up it. She also pressed her ass down on me as hard as she could get it. Her pussy became real hot along with her what seemed her entire crotch.

She pulled her mouth up on my ock but not had taken if off from it. I could feel her hot breath on my cocks shaft blowing on it and hear her gasping too. Also her hand now was gripped hard on my cocks shaft and she was taking such hard shorts strokes with her hand too. Then she let out a loud long moan and out from her pussy came a hots liquid spraying! Joanne had climaxed!

As she climaxed now herasshole that had been clamped solidly on finger pulsated on it. Joanne was shaking in very fast type quivering which made her pussy rub on my face making it get wet with her cum. Wit all this happening and her taking the hard fast strokes with her hand on my ock the tingle senesation that I always felt before I came on came up real fast!

I without realizig it shoved my hips up hard which made my cock slide deep iinto Joannes mouth. I felt my balls explode my cock took a big hard twitch and I shot out a what felt a big load of cum out of my cock! I felt Joannes lips suddenly close hard down on my cock even though she was still quivering and cumming too still spraying out her cum on my face.

Then having taken that first wad of my cum it did make Joanne gag making her pull her mouth of from my cock. I went on cumming sending spurts of cium out which would wind up all over Joannes face which I would see that later. In a short time Joannes cum eased up and she stopped cumming. My face was soaked with it. I still did rubb her clit with a finger but I did it slwoly and lightly. I also tok my other hand taking my finger out of herasshole and pushed her up a little so that I could breath.

Several more minutes went by and Joanne did take her hand off from my now getting limp cock. She raised her ass up and she straightened up now sitting on her knees with my head still between her thighs and her pussy over me. Afersitting over me a couple of minutes Jonne then stood up. Saying wekly standing over me she told me I better get up. She told me she had to piss. So I got up.

I faced her and she me. Seeing her cum all over my face and mine all over hers we both smiled. We did a quick but hard kiss. But as we did kiss we hugged tightly and Joanne took my cock back in her hand and held it. I could feel her warm body heat on it so she was holding somewhere where I could feel her bodies heat.

We again kissed. This time while we kissed I felt warm liquid hittng on my cock. I knew what it was. Joanne had started her iss and she was pissing n my cock. I kissed her even harder letting her know I liked what she was doing right then. She pulled away and she smiled and said horsley; Oh you like that! I smiled back and told her that I did. Joanne went right back and she kissed me harder and I felt her piss hitting my ock even harder!

Joannes piss was not all that long but long enough she did give my cock a pretty good bath with. Plus enough had ran down it that my balls had gotten wet with her warm piss too. She finished off this piss with some dribbling and a few short hard spurts. She stepped back when she did finish. She then took the bottom of her shirt and wiped her cum off my face. Then I did the same to her face.

We again kissed a few times more and I had to take a piss. I told Joanne and she didnt step aside instead she did step back making a opening betwen us. She didn;t reach down for my cock and I didn't either. I started pissing and my ock being limp my stream passed through her legs at her knees and wetted the ground behind her. Joanne smiled watching my ock piss. Then she said to me. Oh your like me. You alos piss after sex. I told her I did at times but not always.

I wound up pissing for about a half minute came to a stop did tow little spurts and then Joanne reached down and shook my cock. This time I didn't forget! We both laughed. Then we got dressed and headed out to the road and went back down to the house. When we got to the house there was the collie waiting for us. Both Joanne and I laughed for we had completely forgotten about her.

I walked Joanne over to the door she opened the door let the dog n and then gave me a good hard kiss. I thanked her. and she smiled back at me. She stepped in the door and as she did she did say something that sounded like we would have to do this another time. I wasn't sure but before I could ask she had closed the door so I would have to wait the next time I was over to the house and ask her if she did say that or not. The End

