Jen and Joe 6

29th April 2006, 06:10 AM

Author: joemsn576

Location: Georgia USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 34

Jen and Joe 6

Our day at the lake

I watched Jen beside the car, slipping out of her wet shorts. I kept a lookout as she toweled off and slid her sexy pink bikini on. She modeled the bikini for me, turning around slowly to let me see all her sexy curves. I told her what a beautiful woman she was, and how I loved spending time with her again. Smiling, she agreed that she was enjoying our time too.

She grabbed another bottled water and headed down to the lakeshore, while I unloaded the cooler and sandwiches. She spread out the towels for us and was lying out, soaking up the sun as I put everything on the picnic table. «Are you ready for lunch Jen?» I asked, ready to eat. «No let's just lie out for a while if you can wait. It is so relaxing here.» I went over and lay down next to her and we just sat and watched the water and birds, enjoying the sounds of the lake. We lay there for quite a while, when I finally asked her about the park ranger incident. «So tell me Jen, what was it about you wanting to wet in public?»

«Well, I don't know. Our wetting fun has really had me going recently. After our last lake trip, I dug up some of the old stories you gave me back in the day...and I got pretty hot reading them. There were a few about girls wetting their jeans in the convenience store and places like that. I don't have the nerve to do that I'm sure...but I found the thought very exciting.»

I knew exactly the story she was referring to, and immediately envisioned Jen in the story, standing at the checkout with huge wet patches spreading down her tight jeans. I must have glazed over as Jen was saying, «Joe, Joe...hello?»

«Sorry Jen, you gave me quite a vision there. I think we should act out one of your fantasies very soon.» She just smiled and I leaned over and gave her a long kiss, then jumped up, «Come on, let's eat!»

We sat together at the picnic table munching on the sandwiches, talking about work, hobbies and just generally catching up on each other. I had brought some beer in addition to the water, and we each had one during lunch, and then opened another. I asked Jen, «Do you want to go swimming now?»

«In a minute,» she replied. She had a look on her face and I had to ask what was up. «Do you remember the first time I wet my bikini in front of you?»

«How could I forget!» I replied. «OK, tell me the story,» she urged, looking like she might be desperate again. «Well, we were at a picnic table just like this one,»

«Yeah go on...»

«And you had been a bit shy about me seeing you pee, so we agreed to try it at the lake.»

«I remember...what next?»

«Well you drank a couple bottles of water, and then a beer,»

«Kinda like right now?» she said smiling. «Yes, then I noticed you squirming around on the bench and holding your legs together,»

«Yes I did really have to go,» she said while putting her hand down between her legs and squirming around on the bench.

I was loving her reenactment and I continued, «Then you said that you really had to pee bad.»

«I really have to pee bad.» She repeated. «Then you turned toward me, straddling the bench and asked if I was sure I wanted this. Of course I replied that I did more than anything.» She turned toward me again in the present, straddling the bench. «Then what?»

«Well, you said you loved me and hoped that I enjoyed what was next. You then put your feet up on the bench, leaned back and just let loose in your striped bikini.»

«Yes, go on,» she said as she leaned back, feet on the bench, showing me the crotch of her pink bikini and the wonderful soft flesh where her legs met her ass. «Well I just watched in amazement as the crotch of your bikini darkened and a huge puddle spread out around you on the bench. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen.»

«Joe, I loved that day and loved learning your turn-on. I do love you, and I hope that you enjoy what is next.» I watched in lust and love, as the crotch of the sexy pink bikini erupted in wetness, pee running over her crotch and ass, with a big puddle spreading out over the picnic bench. She kept peeing for a long time, finally stopping to lean forward and kiss me. We held the kiss for a long while, then retreated to the towels to cuddle and watch the boats go by. We were so happy, and caught up in each other as the day went on. We continued to have a couple beers, and soon Jen said she had to pee again. «Well we haven't gone swimming yet - do you want to just get in the water and pee?»

«Well I would like to do some swimming...in a minute...» She drew her legs up while lying on her back, simply saying «Look.» I watched the crotch of her bikini darken yet again, and soon there was a huge wet puddle spreading out around her on the towel. I couldn't help putting my hand over her bikini, feeling the warmth rushing through the fabric.

We had switched to drinking water, so as not to be drunk and driving home, but still hadn't ever gotten in the lake. Jen had wet on the towel a second time, but had not peed for at least an hour. It was time we should be going, so she wanted to go to the water and swim for a while and rinse off. «But you are pretty much dry,» I noticed, «Are you sure you want to get all wet.»

«Oh yes, I'll need to in a minute.» She got up and moved over to my towel, sat in my lap, both of us facing the water, and simply relaxed her bladder again. I felt the pee rushing out of her bikini and soaking my swim trunks. «Feel good?» she teased. «Oh my God yes, I said,» as her pee began to spread out on my towel. I placed my hand in her crotch to feel the warmth, and she placed her hand on mine. Within a minute we both did need to rinse off, after catching our breath first.

At the car, Jen pulled off her wet bikini and changed into a pair of dry panties and jeans. I wanted to just leave on my swim trunks and sit on a towel. «Joe, you had more beer than me, so I'm going to drive home okay?» I had really only had three, to her two. I knew she just wanted to sit in the dry seat and make me sit in the wet one. «Sure Jen, that's cool.» I replied, actually happy to maybe feel her wetness soak up through my towel a bit.

As we neared home she asked «Are you hungry? All that swimming before we left has given me an appetite.» I agreed that I could use a small bite, so we just decided to stop at a drive-thru sandwich shop. We placed our order at the menu, then pulled forward to the window to get our food. Sitting there waiting for our sandwiches, I never expected what happened next.

«Joe, do you think the guy can see my pants?»

«I'm not sure, why?»

«Well, do you think he'll notice if my jeans are wet?»

«Jen, your jeans are not wet; what are you saying?» My pulse began to race as I imagined her next move. «I've got to go really bad again, after all that water. I'm just going to pee in my pants again - if you think he won't notice.»

Jen closed her eyes, obviously turned on at the thought of another semi-public wetting. Sure enough, the V at her crotch began to darken, wetness spreading slowly at first, then she completely let loose as I heard a hiss from her side of the car. The pee spread up her crotch and down the inside of her legs as I watched in amazement. Her wetness continued to grow, as the pee began to move up over the tops of her thighs. We were both startled as the drive up window opened suddenly, and I could tell she clamped off the flow.

«Will that be all for you?» the sandwich guy asked as he handed the bag of sandwiches. «Yes thanks a lot,» Jen managed to say while holding the bag to somewhat shield her soaking legs. The man thanked us and closed the window. I expected Jen to drive right away, but she just smiled at me saying «Hang on while I finish...» Her tight jeans began to glisten again for another 15 seconds or so, then she drove away whispering «Let's get home fast. I'm so turned on I can't stand it".

I watched her walk up from the car to the front door, admiring her in her soaked jeans, clinging to her perfect body. As we reached the door I hugged her tightly from behind feeling her wetness soak into my clothes, and touching the sexiness of her curves while kissing the back of her neck. I don't know if a single day can get any better...

