Let's try this again...

23rd May 2010, 12:18 AM

Author: hentaixt

Location: null (Sex: Male) Posts: 42

So my last thread was "edited for content." So I am just going to post my other one... So if any of you are interested in the story fast food or Myra, the two unposted ones... let me know. Now after some to do... golfing:

Cindy had placed an application for membership months ago. Still she waited everyday with bated breath when the mail arrived. She was going to get into the Country Club; she knew it in her heart.

Cindy hated her gym, it was getting rundown and there were some unsavory folks that had begun to frequent there. Mostly some leering eyed men, but some of the women seemed a bit "off" too. Her routine was the same each afternoon. She would arrive home from work, get her mail, run to the house, flip through it with anticipation, throw it on the table, and go get ready for the gym. Unfortunately months had passed and nothing... at this point she would have been happy with a rejection notice, still she dreamed.

Day after day brought the same disappointment, then one evening in mid-April it happened. Cindy had already gotten her mail and was at her same point of preparing her gym bag, when the doorbell rang. She had not been expecting any company or packages, so she answered the door with trepidation. On the other side of the door, stood a well tanned girl in a dark jogging suit, "Hello, are you Cindy Abuelo?" The women asked.

"Yes, that is I."

"I'm here from 'The Club'."

Cindy's heart skipped, "What can I do for you?"

"Well, if I may come in inside I have your final papers for acceptance."

Cindy struggled to contain her excitement, "Yes, yes, come in please!"

The two sat at her kitchen table and chatted while Cindy filled out forms and wrote a check for the joining fee. After everything was settled, Carol handed her a guest badge and told Cindy could start attending after 48 hours so that the paperwork could clear. Carol left and Cindy could not resist any longer, she jumped for joy and dashed around her house.

There was only one thing left to deal with, leaving her current gym. She gathered her remaining workout gear and departed. When she arrived, she went about her normal regimen. Change into her gear, some cardio, some lifting, some yoga, and call it a day. Hot and sweaty she headed back to the locker-room to shower before heading to the office.

She met with Carol... and thought it was odd she had the same name as the women from The Club. "I'd like to end my contract." Cindy stated bluntly.

"Oh well we are sorry to hear that. May we ask why you are leaving?"

"I suppose. I have been asked to join a private club that has a gym, so I will be going there."

Carol got up as she spoke and headed to a file cabinet, "Alright, let me just pull your file." Returning to her desk with a folder she flipped it open and shuffled through the papers in silence. "Ok, I will just need to fill out an exit for- Oh wait, this isn't good."

Cindy was expecting this; they always try to hook you into staying with some bullshit contract clause. "What? What's wrong?"

Carol began again and handed Cindy a sheet with a red inked circle on it, "It appears that you are locked in until at least the end of the year. If you leave now there will be a $500 fine."

"That's insane! I won't pay that; that... that's more than two years of service here!"

"Well, sorry that is the contract you signed and that is our final policy."

"There has to be another option! It's robbery!"

Carol looked up from the papers with a very serious look. She lowered her voice and said, "Weeeellllll, I dooo know a loophole... If you're willing?"

Cindy jumped to agree, "AnythingIlldoit, just so I don't have to pay that fee!" Cindy watched as Carol got up and closed the blinds on the full windowed office. Once they were all down, she closed and locked the door. She returned and leaned against the side of her desk before speaking again.

Still in a low tone, "Vandalize something."

"What!?!" Cindy inquired incredulously, "I don't understand?"

Carol spoke simply and directly, "If you break something or damage equipment, you automatically get a $50 fine and a three day expulsion pending review. Now usually, you are just given a slap on the wrist and allowed to continue attending... but I am on the review board and could make sure you were dismissed." Cindy's eyes betrayed understanding as Carol continued, "It looks to me like you are game, Yes?" Cindy nodded. "Fine, I have a caveat though."

Cindy changed her expression and asked in a worried tone, "Ok, What?"

"I want to watch you piss."

"WHAT!!!"

"You have to be caught doing the vandalism anyway... and if you want out the easy way, I want something." Carol had a sly look on her face as she said the last few words.

Cindy mulled the concept in her mind; she would never be back here. She would never see this Carol again... plus she did have to go right now. All the nervous negotiations had brought the water she drank while working out to its final storage location. She sighed, "Alright, I'll do it."

Carol smirked, "Good, if you want we can get this all done now. Do you have cash, check, credit, or debit?"

"Credit." Cindy dug in her purse and produced her card and handed it over. Carol left and in a short time returned with a receipt and a pen, Cindy signed and pocketed the card and her copy.

"Ok, your fine is paid... now to do the crime." Cindy stood and began to unbutton her jeans. "The door is locked; take them all the way off please?" Cindy decided not to argue, kicked her shoes off, and completely removed her jeans and panties

. She felt very weird being half naked, especially in an office, even more so with a woman staring at her, on top of what she was about to do.

She squatted on the carpet and stared down her shirt to her unkempt bush. Carol was staring at the same spot too. To Cindy it felt like she was humping her with her eyes... Minutes had passed and nothing had happened. Not a trickle, not a drop, not even the urge was there. Her bladder was full she could feel it push against inside.

Carol never looked away, seldom even blinked. "Umm, I'm sorry it doesn't look like I can go." Cindy continued cautiously. "Maybe if you stepped out for a minute I could get more comfortable?"

"Well, I had a slightly different idea." Carol replied.

Cindy looked over at Carol as she began to inquire, "Oh, wha... was... yrr... i..d..ea?" She was trailing off, making "idea?" barely audible. This was because as she asked, Carol was surreptitiously removing her workout shorts.

Once they had been removed over Carol's shoes, she walked over, using the chair as a step, onto the desk. "I'm not... really... sure that will-" Cindy stopped there, because Carol had already started. Cindy was just below eye level with Carol's feet. From her angle she could she Carol's bald area and the stream of clear pee emanating directly from her hole. It was so clear that she could actually she through it, into the darkness of the opening it came out.

Cindy was in shock. She felt like she was going to blush but knew better than to let it show. It immediately reminded her of a water fountain. The shaky stream, the perfect arc, the slight hiss, even the splash... it almost made her mouth water unconsciously. Suddenly a few drips came over the edge of the desk and then a pour streamed on the floor below.

Cindy had been watching the overflow make a dull splash on the carpet when the noise was interrupted by the sound of the file cabinet. She looked up and Carol was gone from the desk. Cindy stood to see Carol at the files with a low drawer open and the picturesque flow falling into the contents below.

Cindy sat back down in the chair, her legs sore from squatting so long after an intense workout. She watched on while Carol finished unabated, then the urge finally hit. Sitting there she felt her thighs get warm and wet. She looked down and spread her legs to straddle the armless chair. She slid forward and leaned back, her river was now aimed over the front of the chair and able to reach the floor.

Carol had turned around at this point and stepped over to kneel next to the chair. Cindy knew that there was no stopping it now that she was going. Her reservoir was soon empty, and after a few more drips into the chair's wet material, was done. Carol sat back down at the desk and as if nothing was amiss said, "Ok, I'll just note here: 'Urinated on office chair, desk, carpet, and file cabinet. Request for continuation denied.'"

She set down the pen, closed the folder, and picked it up. It dripped as she rolled over to the file drawer and placed it inside. She turned back to Cindy and extended her hand, "Pleasure having you with us; enjoy your new gym!" This statement was followed with a bright smile. Cindy took the hand and shook it firmly, noting that both of them were still naked from the waist down.

The Club...

She had toured "The Club" as it was aptly named, late last year and fallen in love with the grounds and hospitality. The Club was the kind of place you saw in movies about high society. It had a wonderful golf course, spa, four star gym, indoor track, juice bar; the amenities seemed endless in the brochure. What was most surprising was the cost; it was barely more than she paid now!

Since her acceptance Cindy had been there almost every day. It really had become her new gym; she on occasion, attended on the weekends to pamper herself with all they had to offer for the, she felt, modest fee she paid.

One Saturday some months after joining, Cindy was enjoying a sauna room to herself. She had shed her towel, since she was alone, and was sprawled across the bench when the door opened. In walked a brash girl, only in her early twenties. She had a towel wrapped around just her waist leaving her very small breasts exposed. She was certainly an A-cup, nothing but small hills with nipples. Cindy seldom got to brag about being the "bigger girl" as she was only on the large side of a B-cup herself.

Cindy adjusted her position when the girl entered, she was talking nonstop on a cell phone and without even closing the sauna door had removed her towel to set it on the bench as a seat cover. This meant she was now completely naked. Her bush was nonexistent and had Cindy not known it to be the style of the day, would have questioned if the girl had hit puberty. In fact, since coming to The Club, Cindy had taken advantage of some grooming herself. Distractions aside, they now sat together, in the chatter that was this girl's phone call.

Cindy looked the girl over again and recognized her face. She never seemed to have much on even when dressed. It was always some little slip dress with spaghetti straps that never stayed up and usually so thin that you could see right through the pattern on in it. This also meant that you could tell the girl never wore underwear, of any kind... She always commanded authority wherever she was and the staff seemed to cater to some odd whims that she doubted anyone else ever requested.

The girl continued to blather on and on, taking no notice that Cindy was even in the room. In fact Cindy did not mind, except for the conversation, it was still very peaceful and relaxing. Cindy had actually started to drift off to sleep when the girl's movements caused her to open her eyes.

The sauna was a traditional one. No electric steam pumps here, it was hot stones and a bucket of water to make them steam, all driven by a fire or some equivalent, under the room. The motion that had alerted Cindy was the girl standing to, she assumed, douse the stones for more steam. Instead, she was straddling the small corner structure and peeing!

Cindy stared in awe; she almost let her jaw drop. The girl just stood and let go, she shifted a little here and there to make sure she hit all the stones, never missing a heartbeat in her phone call. Once she finished spraying the stone, she shook lightly, wiped a finger with her free hand and flicked it at the rocks before returning to her seat.

The conversation ended abruptly minutes later as the party on the other end either lost signal or his/her phone died. The girl set the phone down next to her on her towel and crossed her legs Indian style. Cindy could not prevent herself from speaking, "That was very rude."

"Excuse me? You mean talking on the phone in this century is rude?" The girl looked over at her finally.

Cindy spoke forcefully, "No, I am referring to your toilette over there. Urine contains ammonia, and ammonium fumes are toxic."

"Whatever, like I care."

"You'll care when I report you to the staff."

The girl laughed loudly, "I like you, no one around here talks to me like that anymore." Cindy looked at her with an odd expression. "My name is Cadence, Cadence Angelica Stuttonson... and the reason I do whatever I want, is my parents paid for THIS WHOLE BUILDING." Cindy's expression changed to shock. Cadence continued, "I really run this place when I'm here. Everyone caters to me. There isn't a room in this building I haven't peed in."

"Seriously, everywhere?" Cindy was not only still shocked, but a little impressed.

"Sure, I've even made a waiter hold a glass while peed in the middle of a tennis game." Cadence smiled widely while she spoke about it. "I have a few friends around here; I'd like you to join us. We always play golf on Sunday."

"Well I don't re-"

"I should warn you now, 'no' is not an option."

"Oh, uhh, well then I guess I-"

"Great, what is your name? I will have the staff add you to the roster."

"Cindy Abuelo."

"Tee time is at 11:30A.M.; but be late."

"Ooook."

Eighteen "holes"...

Cindy hated to be late. She did not ever like to make people wait, so despite her best efforts she was at the appointed place at 11:25. She waited in a chair on the patio enjoying the summer air and music overhead. It was not until 45 minutes later that Cadence and the other girls arrived.

Cadence introduced everyone, with Cindy it made four; there was Shawna, Tyra, Cadence, and Cindy. Both girls were about the same build as Cadence. Shawna had a purse dog and despite her best effort to not make it the key identifier, Tyra was African American. At least today they were in slightly normal attire, golf wear... well for the most part. They all had on short crop tops and very short miniskirts, the kind where sitting required you to place your butt directly onto a surface, because there was never going to be material under it. Cindy really seemed to be the odd one in the group, dressed in khakis and a pink polo.

Once introductions were exchanged, Cadence led the way to the course. She checked in at the range office making very sure that she stated the 11:30AM time, even though it was now almost twenty after twelve. A golf cart was brought around loaded with four sets of clubs and driven by a female with glasses. Her name was Phoebe, as she announced, and she was the caddie/driver.

The group headed off and for the first few holes everything seemed normal. Phoebe gave Cindy advice on how to play and which clubs to use. Cindy was actually enjoying it, except she was terrible. At the tee to the third hole, everything changed. Filing out of the cart Cadence announce, "Hole three, have to pee, at the tee!" The other girls laughed, Phoebe stood by the cart in silence. Cindy forced a smile and fake laugh.

Cadence called Phoebe over and had her set her tee. As the girl was knelt down, Cadence lifted her flip of a skirt, not that she need to, and began peeing directly on Phoebe's hand. Phoebe seemed to make no notice; she finished placing the ball despite the dark yellow stream raining over her hand. She stood and dried off with a sweat towel she had over her shoulder.

The act was repeated again with Shawna. This was slightly funnier to watch as Shawna still had her purse with dog slung over her shoulder. As she began her release, the hissing noise it made caused her dog to pop out and begin barking. It barked at the colorless arch as it splashed on Phoebe's hand below, then it barked at Phoebe, then back at the flow. Not until Shawna set the purse down and took her shot did the dog finally stop.

It was now Tyra's turn. This particularly stuck in Cindy's mind, even though she had just watched two other girls pee, she was still surprised that Tyra did the same. Tyra's dark skin made it seem foreign and new, her pee appeared to be a crisp, watery color. It rained down from her bald muff and with deft accuracy hit Phoebe's hand as the previous two had done. Phoebe still seemed to take this in stride.

As Tyra was taking her shot, Cindy called Phoebe over to talk to her, "Have they done this before?"

"Oh yes, every week. The caddies draw straws to see who takes them out." Phoebe paused and then with a smile, "I won this week."

"Don't you mean lost?" Cindy inquired confusedly.

"Oh no, I did say won." Phoebe smiled again.

"I don't think I can go, let alone while you are placing my ball."

"You have to, or they will dock you 3 strokes."

Cindy retorted sarcastically, "What do I care, I've been playing for crap all day."

"You will miss, just wait." Phoebe said with a final smile. "Let me check on something for you." Phoebe walked over to Cadence, chatted for a minute, and returned. "Ok, Cadence says that I can stand in for you since it is your first time. So you will place the ball while I go."

"Huh? I- I- Oh whatever..." Cindy managed through a sigh.

"Your turn Cindy." Cadence called.

"Ok miss, let's do this." Phoebe began to unbutton her own khakis. "Just do what I did; I will take care of the rest." They approached the tee and Phoebe dropped her waistline and panties to her knees and stood at ready. Cindy placed the ball on the tee and knelt down to place it in the ground. As soon as the tip hit sod, her hand was awash with warm liquid. She faltered slightly but continued. She glanced up at the girl and watched; it was almost just like in the office with Carol...

For a few stunned seconds Cindy did not move, then looking into Phoebe's face forced her back to reality. The girls eyes behind her glasses said everything Cindy needed to know. Cindy took her shot and suddenly everything was golf again. In fact Cindy was beginning to think the worst was over. That was until they reached hole nine.

As they returned to the cart after hole nine, Cadence made another announcement. "We play through six, we play through nine, add up your strokes and get your time!"

Phoebe pulled out the club card and read the information, "Shawna: 43, 17 minutes. Tyra: 47, 13 minutes. Cadence: 38, 22 minutes. Cindy: 57, 3 minutes." Squeals and laments came from the girls as each statement was made.

Cadence spoke up, "Looks like Cindy is first."

"First for what?" Cindy understood the strokes, but not the times.

"For Phoebe here to pleasure you."

"WHAT?"

Tyra explained, "Sure, number of strokes, subtracted from sixty, equals minutes of pleasure."

"Oh I don't think-"

"Then don't." Shawna grabbed her arm and Cadence caught her other. They held her against the cart while Phoebe started to unbutton her pants. Tyra had produced a stopwatch from somewhere and had already started the timer.

Phoebe wasted no time; Cindy was bare below the waist in seconds. "Ladies! I really don't think I'm up f-f-f-furrr thiiiiissss..." It was too late; Phoebe was already deep inside her with her tongue. Electricity shot through Cindy with every movement. She no longer fought to free herself; instead it seemed she was trying to grind herself into the poor girls face between her legs.

"Thirty seconds left." Tyra announced. Followed too suddenly by a, "Done." Phoebe emerged from Cindy's nether-region and redressed her properly. Cindy collapsed on the ground, the world was spinning. Her head bobbled and she blinked slowly. Once she could see again, glancing to her left Phoebe was already buried in Tyra's dark embrace. Tyra had a hand on the back of Phoebe's head, moaning loudly. Shawna now had the stopwatch and was darting her eyes between the screen and Tyra.

After about ten minutes, Tyra tightened and shook, biting her lower lip. Shawna called time after seven more minutes. She handed the stopwatch back to Tyra and traded places with her. Shawna bucked at the waist as Phoebe did her service again. Two long throaty growls signaled each of her orgasms. Then Cadence stepped in to place. Phoebe removed her shirt and bra revealing her adequately large breasts. She then stayed still with her mouth open.

Cadence positioned the girl directly over her opening... then nothing. Cindy looked on confused. Tyra was not running the stop watch, time seemed frozen. Cadence stretched her arms above her head and let out a deep fulfilled sigh, "That feels so much better." Cindy was still confused. She looked the scene over again, trying to find a clue. Then she saw it... Looking carefully, Phoebe was swallowing quickly. Roughly every two seconds.

"Alright, I'm done." Cadence stated through a second sigh, "You can start the watch now." Tyra jumped to comply and two orgasms later it was back to golf. They started on the back nine, Cindy did not know what else to expect.

Continued...

There was nothing else abnormal until the eighteenth hole, when again the girls took turns. This time after they landed the ball in the hole they did their best to fill the cup and float the ball. Cindy was proud that she was actually able to participate here and having not emptied herself at all was the only one to float her ball.

Phoebe drove the group back to the clubhouse and dropped the girls at the locker room. "Go return the clubs and cart then meet us in the showers for your tip." Cadence stated as she climbed out of the cart. Phoebe nodded and sped away. "Ok, ladies to the showers!" Shawna and Tyra each looped an arm around Cindy and she begrudgingly followed.

Inside they wasted no time stripping down. None of them but Cindy had very far to go, she was the only one wearing anything more than a single layer. Shawna put her purse down and let the dog climb out. It wandered for a few minutes before sniffing at a locker and raising its leg. Once finished, it returned and was immediately lifted and snuggled into Shawna's limited cleavage. "Good boy, good boy!" Shawna scruffed his fur as she spoke. He was put back in the purse, where he curled up and started napping.

Now all naked, they adjourned to the communal shower. Everything was normal, washing, scrubbing, rinsing... then Phoebe entered. "I'm here!" She was naked, except for her glasses, which were already heavily fogged. Two other women had entered the shower behind Phoebe. Shawna, Tyra, and Cadence swarmed on the girl and pulled her under the water. Each one took a position, Shawna and Cadence at her breasts and Tyra was squatting between her legs. The other women at far end of the showers did their own thing, even to the point of peeing together, and left with little notice of the girls at all.

Cindy looked around and was surprisingly not shocked... in fact it suddenly seemed expected in her mind. She continued to wash as she watched Phoebe get worked over. Phoebe moaned as the three switched positions on her body. Cadence was now kissing her and massaging her breasts while Shawna took Tyra's spot and Tyra moved to behind Phoebe. Apparently the new locations were even better, Phoebe gasped and groaned. Cindy could not tell, but by the look of Tyra's hand, she was pumping a finger in the girl's "backdoor" while Shawna rubbed her clit with a thumb and pumped two fingers inside her slit.

Cindy had not been paying attention to her own actions... she suddenly realized she had been washing between her thighs more thoroughly than usual. A loud, husky grunt escaped her; Cadence broke free of the kiss and crossed the short distance to where Cindy was standing. Without a word, she grabbed a wrist and deposited Cindy at Phoebe's right breast. Cindy tried to let her instinct guide her, but her brain was screaming for her to stop.

She reached out, then drew her hand back. Reached out for that invitingly wet, naked, waiting breast and drew back again. On her third try she made contact... she pinched the nipple lightly, Phoebe jumped and squeaked, and the hand was gone again. Now she was bold, with a stretch and a twist, Cindy pulled at the nipple. Phoebe squeaked again and moaned. Cindy lowered her head and began sucking deeply. The skin was warm and sweet, but the fun was all too short.

Everyone had shifted again. The only spot now was where Shawna had been. Cindy braced for courage and dove in. It was sweet too, sweeter than Phoebe's skin. The juice almost dripped on her tongue. She probed in deep licking at the inner walls to find more. Suddenly, Phoebe shook... she closed her legs around Cindy's head. With no warning a new flood filled Cindy's mouth. It was salting and heady, but coming to fast to swallow, Cindy let it fill her cheeks before it was too much. It came burbling back out her mouth and down her chin.

Cindy was beginning to panic; she could not breathe, it had all been too sudden. With her face buried and mouth full of liquid she swallowed. Afraid she was going to choke, Cindy coughed once. Phoebe, realizing what was happening, spread her legs. Cindy landed with a soft thud on the wet tile, gasping for air. Everyone stood staring at her. "I'm fine." Cindy panted out. "Just a little advanced warning next time would be good." She huffed a few more times and managed a smile. After a few more moments everyone returned to what became an intense orgy.

Everyone satisfied, the water was finally shut off and the girls stumbled wobbly legged to dry off and dress. The group chatted nonchalantly as they got all back in order. Shawna, Tyra, and Cadence took no time and quickly headed out to the bar. Cindy and Phoebe were now the only two left.

As Phoebe dried her glasses with a towel she sighed, "Well back to the rest of my shift... going to seem so dull now."

"Umm, do they always get a girl caddy?" Cindy inquired.

Phoebe explained, "No, but they odds are better. There are three girls and two guys."

"Oh. Well, I think if I am going to be doing this every Sunday I should start practicing. Do you think I could request some time with you to uhh, 'TRAIN'." Cindy was hoping that it was not too obvious where she had placed her inflection.

"Sure, there is a small additional fee for coaching, but that can be easily handled."

"That sounds great. I look forward to seeing you... on the greens."

"Me too." Phoebe said with a smile.

Leaving the locker room together, Phoebe turned and headed back toward the range office while Cindy joined the other girls at the bar, a drink was already waiting for her. They adjourned to lounge at the pool side with their drinks. Cindy stared out into the blue sky as she reflected. It certainly had been worth the wait...

