The beginning of my fetish

4th November 2010, 06:23 AM

Author: pottyhottie13

Location: ohio (Sex: Female) Posts: 72

Before I knew I wasn't alone in the world with the pee fetish, Here's one of the episodes I had.

It was summer time, a bunch of guys and girls from my high school planned a party out in strip pits. We all brought alcohol and plenty of it. As we gathered around a fire, and drank and talked, I found myself watching everyone and trying to figure out it thier bladders were also full. I was also watching to see people sneeking off to relieve themselves. After a while, I got lucky, I saw one of my guy friends kinda wiggling, and looking around for a place to go. I walked over to him, and started to talk. Just small talk, enough to keep him from going. I talked for about ten minutes or so, and finally he said, I gotta pee, I will be right back. I acted as if I didn't hear him, and kinda walked with him. We got to the edge of the tree's and he turned to me and said "stand here a minute, I gotta pee" Knowing he was drinking and a little more open minded than normal, I quickly spurted out "can I watch?" He looked at me a second, and knew if he said no, he would only have to hold on longer.

With my bladder quite full, and already feeling aroused, I felt my whole body shiver with excitement. He grabbed my hand and led me into the trees. I stood there anxiously waiting for him to start. I think he had a hard time getting started, but once he relaxed, I started to hear his hot liquids hitting the leaves under our feet. The sound immediately made me start to leak a little liquids of my own. And for the first time, I felt like I could orgasm with just one touch. I wanted to reach out and rub his cock so bad, and tell him how turned on I was, but at that age, I was too afraid of what his reaction would be.

We giggled a bit, and started walking back to the bonfire. All I could think about the rest of the night was how turned on I was, and couldn't wait to get back home and masturbate. We stayed out for atleast another two hours and all along, I kept on holding and replaying the moment over and over in my head. I was also thinking about what I would of and should of done if I only had the nerves. This only made me hornier and more aroused.

We all finally start gathering our things, and started on our way back to our own homes. I have the fullest bladder ever and can't wait to get home. I pull into the driveway, rush into my house. I am stopped by my parents for a few moments. As they are asking me questions about my night, I am ready to burst. I am clearly squirming and wiggling, so my mother finally says go ahead and go. I run into the bathroom, turn on the bath water, undress and slip into the warm water.

I lie down on my back, close my eyes, and start to replay the moment in my mind. I start to feel my pussy tingle. I spread my legs, and start to rub my inner thighs with my warm, trembling hands. my body slightly stiffens, and slides forward. I feel the warm water from the faucet cascade down my clit and over my swelling lips. I realize I learned a new form of pleasuring myself. I lie there and continue to enjoy the feeling, while still daydreaming. At this point I remember still to this day the thought and image I had in my head. I pictured this guy reaching into my crotch, feeling the dampness, and also getting turned on and unable to control himself.

As I picture him lower his head down and moving his face into my wet crotch, I get the biggest shiver ever. I pause for just a moment, to control myself from moaning very loudly. I then lower back under the water flow, and suddenly reach for my pounding pussy. I can't believe how turned on i am. I know i am about to explode, i rapidly rub my clit until i am ready to burst. Just before I am going to let go and cum I slide my two fingers deep into my wet, pussy. I only thrust in and out about three or four times before i explode. It was the most eroctic orgasm I have ever had. I struggled and it took all I had to keep quiet so my family didn't hear.

For the next 5 years, I enjoyed that bathroom quite often. I then got married to a man who wasn't into the fetish at all. I suffered sixteen years, until we divorced. I figured I would never find someone with the same festish and it would always be my little secret. Low and behold, I met this guy, whom I thought was wonderful before we even were intimate. About a month into the relationship, we become intimate. Our sex was always great and exciting. Three months into the relationship we took a trip to the beach, of course drank some alcohol and started playing around, being more open minded than normal, He said my balls are sandy, and feeling brave, I say " You want me to pee on you?" he replies " I would love nothing more" Let me tell you, that was the most eroctic night ever. For the first time for both of us, we experienced our secret fetish.

