Sarah's Revenge (m desp, wetting)

13th July 2008, 07:03 PM

Author: gottago420

Location: USA (Sex: Female) Posts: 21

"Please," begged Leon, "I really have to go."

"Too bad." Sarah traced a finger teasingly down his stomach, brushing over his bulging bladder. Leon shivered and tugged against his handcuffs, pulling against the slats of the bed that his arms were hooked behind.

"Sarah!" he hissed. "This isn't funny! Get these things off!"

Sarah got up off the bed and put the key on the dresser across the room. "I'll take them off when I'm ready to, Leon."

"When you're ready? I'm the one who has to piss!"

"You're a big boy. You can hold it."

Leon felt sweat running down his neck, and he twisted his legs around again in an attempt to lessen the pressure. He wasn't sure that he could hold it at all. Every movement of his body sent a surge of burning pain through his bladder and he could feel the desperate tightness of his muscles.

"Sarah, please." He looked at her with panicked eyes. "I'm sorry. Please, let me go."

"So you're sorry now, huh?"

"Yes. I was a jerk. I shouldn't have made fun of you in front of everyone"

"That's damn right you shouldn't have."

"Can I please go now?"

Sarah laughed, walking back over to him. "Oh, no. I want to humiliate you a little more just like you humiliated me."

"Christ, I said I was sorry" Leon shut his lips tight to suppress a moan as an intense wave passed through his bladder. He felt hot piss beginning to leak out from between his weary muscles and into his urethra. A little dribbled out into his pajama pants, dripping over his thigh.

"Oooh," said Sarah, noticing the tiny, dark spot on the blue fabric. "Is baby having an accident?"

His glare shot up to her. "Shut the fuck up," he said. "What is your problem?"

"You're the one with the problem." She giggled and climbed back onto the bed with him, running her hands over his bare chest. "Oooh, you have to go so bad, don't you?"

"Christ, woman." Leon's breath came in hard. "Just let me go!"

"Hmmm" Sarah made circles around Leon's belly button, watching her boyfriend squirm the nearer she came to his bladder. It bulged prominently just above the elastic of his pants, stretching the skin that covered it so that it was red and hot, almost glowing.

"I'm not kidding, Sarah," said Leon. "I'm about to piss myself. This isn't funny!"

"Oh yes it is." Sarah giggled again, an innocent little-girl giggle with a hint of backing malice. "Big tough Leon isn't so tough now, is he?"

Leon groaned and tugged against the bedframe again, but he remained completely trapped. Sarah slid her hand over his bladder and pressed gently. Leon's body jerked as an short, uncontrollable burst of piss escaped it, soaking into the fabric of his pants and pooling around his balls.

"Oooh, look what you did," chided Sarah. She slipped her hand down his pants and pulled out his dicklimp, pink and damp, dribbling urine as she touched it.

"Don't pee on me!" She slapped Leon's leg. He groaned again and another burst of piss escaped him, splattering onto her shirt.

"Learn to control yourself!" She hit him again but this time he held it. She watched his chest heave up and down and his bladder move with it, seeming almost to spasm. It looked comically huge against his frame, bulging like a pregnant stomach.

"Sarah," hissed Leon, sweat on his face. "If you don't let me go right now, I'm going to piss. I can't hold it."

"What are you, five?" She began to run her fingers up and down his dick. "Maybe this'll help baby hold it"

"Sarah, I have to go"

Despite Leon's protests, his dick soon rose to attention, growing harder in Sarah's quick hands. She caressed his piss-damp balls and ran her hand up and down his shaft, feeling his blood thump through it.

"It hurts so bad," moaned Leon. "Please, honey, let me go."

"Don't 'honey' me. You remember what you said last night." She bent down and licked the head of his cock, running her tongue around his piss hole. She took it into her mouth, letting her teeth lightly graze it. Leon winced.

"Honey," he begged, straining against her. "You're killing me."

"Oooh," she said, licking up his shaft. "I bet baby has to go soooo bad. All that beer and all that water"

"Honey" Leon squirmed, trying to get his legs out from under her. His bladder was rock-hard in his stomach, screaming out signals of distress, intense last-second warnings of the impending flood. Only his similarly rock-hard dick was stopping the dam from bursting. Even those muscles felt hot and weak, though, and he knew he could last a few seconds more at best. His heart thumped in his chest and his mouth was dry as paper.

"Baby can't hold it" cooed Sarah. "Poor little baby has to go potty."

"What's wrong with you, womanI have to fucking piss like Niagra fucking Falls"

"Oooh." Sarah ran her finger up his dick one last time, tantalizingly slow, then circled her finger around his pee-hole, teasing it, barely brushing the surface. Leon groaned deeply and a burst of hot piss surged forward, splurting onto Sarah's chest. Another, longer spurt followed, drumming against the tight white sheets as it fell.

"Baby's wetting himself," said Sarah, giggling. "He's having a widdle accident all over his bed." She gently tucked Leon's straining dick into his pajama pants, brushing the wet spot there as she did so.

Leon, beyond words, just struggled to keep himself closed. His bladder was straining at its very limit, feeling like it would explode, his mind overwhelmed with its signals. Tiny dribbles of piss soaked out at irregular intervals as his muscles fluttered and burned.

"Big tough Leon's just a baby after all." Sarah wriggled out of her wet shirt, dropping it on the floor. She wore a black bra underneath, contrasting with the shade of her skin. "Look what he did to Sarah's clothes."

Leon struggled, banging futilely against the bed in a last-second fervor to prevent complete humiliation. His bladder screamed and surged and burned against his stomach, and his legs shook as he tried to hold it back. Sarah crawled over him until she was hovering right over his crotch, a few inches shy of it, watching it closely.

"Oooh, baby's trying so hard but he just can't hold it"

"Sarah," he hissed, his voice coarse.

"Poor little Leon's pissing his pants he's wetting all over his nice clean bed"

A two-second surge thrashed out of his still-hard penis, stretching the hole as it passed, thick and hot. He squirmed to contain it, panting aloud. Sarah rubbed his dick through the soaking fabric, spreading the wet spot bigger.

"Look what he's doing to his jammies"

"This isn't funny" Leon was cut short by another burst of piss, a second's length this time but feeling like an hour, of hot trembling fear and shame. Leon's face burned as hot as his bladder. Sarah laughed and watched the piss spreading, glistening on the fabric.

"Baby needs a diaper baby's having an accident"

"Ohhhh" Leon groaned aloud as his bladder's last desperate warning surged through him, from his stomach to the tips of his fingers and toes, burning and frantic. Piss burst forth, sputtering, hot and wet against his skin, making his hard dick jump against the fabric. Leon's muscles gave a final screaming spasm and then the floodgates finally failed and the tides surged out, uncontrollably bursting from his dick.

"Oooooh," Sarah laughed aloud. "Little Leon's losing it."

Piss surged upwards in an arc from his rigid cock, through the over-saturated fabric, flooding through the air in a hissing stream and hitting Sarah straight on the chest, right between her breasts and trickling warm down her skin. The whole crotch of his pajama pants was already soaked and it fell steaming around his balls and pooled around his ass, soaking slowly into the sheets and mattress, not able to keep up with the speed of his wetting. Leon moaned and squirmed but could do nothing to contain the flow. Sarah got on her knees and pulled her skirt up until his stream hit her clitoris, its pressure and strength enough to send pleasure surging through her.

"Oooh," she said, laughing again. "Look how hard little baby's peeing. Little baby had too much juice!"

Leon's face burned and he could not take his eyes off his desperate shame, the huge uncontrollable accident, the surging burning piss that flooded out of him and soaked him in his own urine. He could not stop pissing. The endless tides slowly drained out of his swollen bladder until the bulge on his stomach began to go down. Sarah rode his stream up and down, panting. Her skirt was soaked in his piss and it trickled down her legs and onto the bed beneath her, pooled pale yellow on the crisp white sheets, still steaming hot in the cool air.

"Oooh, Leon can't stop," cooed Sarah, her voice uneven with an oncoming orgasm. "Little Leon's making such a big mess"

Leon sucked in breath hard but still he could not control his bladder, which was determined to void all its contents. He still felt slight swelling but could not believe he had so much piss in him. Sarah moaned as she came and still Leon pissed hard, the bed now completely saturated beneath him, piss flowing in rivers off the side to the hardwood floor beneath. Sarah lowered herself down. The room was filled with the sound of hissing, splattering piss. Leon panted as his rock-hard dick kept spurting, now over Sarah's head onto the floor in front of the bed. He could not stop no matter how hard he tried. He began to feel faint with the strain of it yet still his desperate, burning tides surged outwards.

"Ohh God" he moaned as Sarah reached in his pants again and pulled out his sopping dick, now redder than his face and hot and tender. She began to jerk it slowly up and down and piss flew in all directions, falling down on his chest like rain, yet incredible relief and pleasure flooded through him at the same time.

"Ohhh." he moaned again. Sarah's fingers moved nimbly, just right, bringing him higher and higher. His piss drained forth, still strong but not spurting as high. Sarah moved fast and faster and his piss slowly turned into a mere trickle, as Leon panted and squirmed and climbed higher than he had ever been, until he burst again in a mindblowing orgasm that spurted out from him and left him shaking, panting on the bed, soaked in a pool of his steaming piss.

