Peeing on the bus - dedicated to Lisa J

2nd December 2005, 10:46 AM

Author: wetjason

Location: uk (Sex: Male) Posts: 43

After reading about Lisa's exploits about peeing in sinks and on the bus, I thought it only suitable to share this little jem...

Mia had been dying for a pee since she had left work over half an hour ago. In the mean  time the desperate urge in her bladder had been growing more and more painful by the second. In fact, her need to relieve her piss had become so much that she had secretly started to pee into her panties whilst sat on the bus. A lovely warm damp sensation had started to form at the base of her crotch as Mia had momentarily let go on the hold on her bladder and sent the first squirt of her hot urine into her cotton underwear.

Part of her had wanted to simply let go and release her entire golden load into her pink knickers, enjoying every second of the delicious feeling of relief she would get as her piss jetted out of her cunt lips and soaked into the material wrapped around her private parts. However deep down inside Mia knew she wouldn't be able to stand the embarrassment of getting up with her piss soaked pants on full display for the busy bus occupants to see.

At that moment another squirt of urine had leaked out of her pussy hole located at the base of the triangular mass of ginger curled pubic hairs that lay situated between her creamy thighs. The warm wet feeling of her urine soaking in around her vagina and the top of her legs was just so delicious. She desperately wanted to continue her pee right there and then. Mia risked a quick look over her shoulder towards the rear of the upstairs deck of the Double Decker that was still meandering its way along the darkened streets. There was only one teenage lad sat a couple of seats behind her, his face hidden as he stared out of the window at the black night beyond. As she quickly turned back again in her seat, Mia just caught a glimpse of the earpiece in the lads ear.

Mia sat in her seat with a rapidly beating heart. She had had the most daring of ideas and was desperately wondering if she should even dare to contemplate trying it out. With wet, pee soaked panties still warm against her crotch, Mia stood quickly upwards. No one in front of her had noticed her movement and the lad behind her was still transfixed on the null view of the outside world, no doubt lost in the music pumping into his ears. Taking a tentative step into the aisle Mia slid past the lad, her breath caught in her throat. There was no good reason for a passenger to suddenly want to move to the back of the bus, and Mia urgently tried to think of a suitable excuse should she be challenged.

As it was Mia had no good reason for wanting to sit on the back seat. As it was, Mia had a very bad reason for wanting to move backwards. As she placed her large womanly bum cheeks on the hard plastic seating she took a deep breath to try and steady her rattled nerves. With shaking fingers she reached towards the button on the top of her grey pants. Seconds later and it was undone allowing her to reach the metal zipper located underneath. With ease, the zipper slid downwards revealing the first site of her pink panties underneath. Taking a quick look upwards Mia ensured she was still going unnoticed before continuing. Lifting her buttocks up from the seat allowed her to gingerly slide forwards her pants, exposing completely her cotton underwear and the dark damp piss stain situated at the bottom.

As her creamy thighs became exposed, Mia's heart started to race. There was no turning back now, regardless of the dancing butterflies in her stomach. The need to pee coupled with the adrenalin high of sitting with her panties on full display in a public place like the back of this bus, was simply too much. With a deep breath, Mia parted her legs and started to pee. Instantly a hot wet sensation formed around her pussy, as her body warmed stream of piss flowed out of her open pee hole and into her panties.

Within moments her knickers reached the point past saturation and a small stream of golden urine immediately began to fall into the space between her legs, descending rapidly downwards. A loud pattering noise accompanied the impact of Mia's golden piss shower as it passed through her knickers and formed a fountain of urine down to the metal floor. Horrified by the apparent loudness of her piss splattering over the metal deck, Mia looked up from watching the display of her urine gushing out of panties and desperately scanned the upper deck's occupants to see if they had noticed what she was doing.

Fortunately everybody else seemed lost in their own private worlds and so with an incredible thrill, Mia went back to enjoying her leak on the back seat. The warm dampness between her legs felt gorgeous as her sodden panties clung to her flesh, whilst at their base, her hidden vagina continue to squirt her desperate relief into the cotton material. Her golden pee fountain flowing down to the metal floor was now a thick flowing stream of twisting urine. Where her piss was landing on the deck a growing puddle was forming, testament to the need in her bladder.

Peeing through her panties was incredible fun for Mia but now that she had experienced the sensation of urinating on the back seat, she wanted to extend her enjoyment even more. Reaching down between her thighs with trembling hands, Mia inserted her fingers into the elastic crotch of her panties. With a quick motion, she pulled back the damp cotton, exposing the delicious sight of her pussy slit and little clitoris nestled at the top. The sight of her honey coloured wee shooting out of her fanny hole and spraying downwards with complete freedom to the bus deck was orgasmic and Mia moved a willing finger into her warm pee stream to enjoy the sensation.

A second finger traced the outline of her clit whilst shuddering jabs of pleasure ran through her body. Now she wanted to be a really, really bad girl as if peeing over the bus floor was not enough. Squeezing harder and harder Mia watched as her urine shower grew in size and strength extending out from the pee hole her curly haired vagina, reaching further and further across the deck floor until finally it reached the back of the opposing seat.

Mia almost groaned out loud with the deep sense of thrill and pleasure she was now getting as her golden pee stream played over the back wall of the seat, covering it with a covering of rapidly running piss. Golden droplets of urine were now falling off the bottom of the chair creating a second puddle of pee on the bus floor. How none of the other bus occupants could fail to notice her deeds was beyond Mia, but there again she past the point of caring. After several more intense seconds of pissing over the bus seat, Mia's golden stream began to droop as she finally exhausted her pussy's supply of pee. The running stream of wee leaving her muff dropped to the floor and traced its way back to its source before vanishing completely.

Mia continued to sit on the back seat with her piss puddle between her feet and the dark tell tale sign on the back wall on the seat in front of her. Between her legs, her hairy fanny was still on display as she had made no attempt to hide her pussy from sight. She was just beginning to pleasure herself with probing fingers when suddenly a familiar sign passed by, illuminated in the darkness outside. This was her stop approaching. Desperately Mia sought to cover herself, hiding her private pubic region from view again. She barely managed it. Quickly she dashed along the aisle of the upper deck as the bus slowed to a stop. She didn't even have the time to take one last look at her act of pee vandalism she had left behind for the rest of the world to find.

