A pee - and love - encounter at the cinema!

26th June 2008, 09:36 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

The other day something amazing happened to me! I didn't plan anything to happen... you know... I often deliberately put myself in situations ending in me peeing my panties in public, masturbating in public, making love with other girls and so forth... If you've read my stories, you know what I mean... But this time it just happened... I didn't do anything to make it happen!

I saw in the paper that they showed "Emmanuelle", the famous and very erotic, French movie from 1974, with Sylvie Kristel. I've heard about it and knew that Emmanuelle was a beautiful, bisexual girl and that it showed scenes with lesbian love and I was curious to see it. So I went to the cinema. When I was sitting on a bench, waiting for the doors to open, I noticed that a lady, about 35-40 years old, very chic, very beautiful and wearing a beautiful dress, was looking at me. Especially at my legs... I was wearing a rather short skirt and I think I showed a bit bare skin above my stocking tops... Not intentionally... I promise! Anyway, I didn't pay much attention... she was a bit too old for me to be really interested in her...

The doors opened and I found a seat in the rear of the saloon. When I've sat down someone sat down beside me. I felt a beautiful fragrance of perfume and turned my head.

It was the lady who had been looking at me. I enjoyed the fragrance but I didn't think anything about her sitting down beside me although there were plenty of vacant seats... The film began and soon I was absorbed by it. It was a beautiful film and Sylvie Kristel was very beautiful and there were such erotic scenes showing Emmanuelle making love to both women and men and scenes with her masturbating... I could soon feel my panties getting pretty damp in the crotch...!! After a while I felt something touching my left thigh.. Something warm... I looked down. It was the lady's leg that pressed against mine...

It felt a kind of nice but at the time I didn't think more about it... But I didn't move away my leg... During a hot scene with Emmanuelle masturbating I felt something else... The lady had placed her hand on my thigh! I gasped but I was at that point so excited from what I saw on the screen that I almost thought it as something natural that a stranger was caressing my thigh at a cinema... I sat still. But as she moved her hand higher I parted my legs slightly. She reached over the stocking top caressing my bare skin! My skirt followed her hand upwards. I became more and more excited... I parted my legs more... and she started to stroke - with very gentle and soft moves - my panties upon my pussy!! And I wouldn't be "Naughty Yvette" if I didn't do what I did... Can you guess? Try! It isn't hard!! Yes! I let go a small stream of pee through my panties

, wetting her hand!!

- You naughty girl!!! A soft voice whispered in my ear! She pressed her hand harder against my pussy, pushing my panties in to it. I let go a bigger gush of pee! One of her fingers circled round my clit... I couldn't help moaning... But I don't think anyone noticed as Emmanuelle was getting close to her climax and she moaned louder than me!! Suddenly my first orgasm hit me!! I put a hand to my mouth so that I wouldn't scream to loud.... The orgasm made me pee my panties totally!! My seat was soaked... She continued to caress my pussy and I came time after time!! She took my hand and placed it right on her crotch! I caressed her eagerly and it didn't take long before she climaxed! She let out a short scream and some people turned there heads to us... Some of them must have had a pretty good view of what was going on... She groaned:

- My God! I'm peeing my panties

!! I haven't done that since I was a little girl!

And so she did! I felt a torrent of warm pee flowing over my hand!! And that feeling was enough to make me come once more!

When the film was over, she took my hand.

- I live around the corner! Like to join me for a drink and... maybe some more...?

Well... I spent the night at her place... And... do you know what? I'm not as age-fixated any more!!!

But I must see the movie once more.. I didn't get to see much of the second half of it...

Yours as always... Yvette

