Pissing girl to Pissing girlfriend - Part 2

3rd October 2006, 09:20 PM

Author: Desperate4Pee

Location: Netherlands (Sex: Male) Posts: 3

Hi, here is part two of the story posted yesterday

Next morning when I woke up she was still sleeping. There was a little wet spot on the bed, but not so much as I had expected there would be. I lay there some minutes with her, when she started to turn around alot. Then she woke up, luckily she hadn't an headacke, but she was tired though. She said she also needed to pee realy bad, and was too tired to get out of the bed. So I sugested her to pee right here nd she did, and how. It looked like there wouldn't be an end at that stream, and the sheets and, matrass were totally soaked. after about an hour laying in her pee, we got out o the bed, and got downstairs, to get some food. I took some bread out of the fridg, and she made two cups of milk. When we were eating, I told her I had to pee too, so I started drenching the seat. She took her cup f milk and my penis, to add some piss to the milk. She told it tasted nice and asked if I would like some "milk-creamer" too, shure I wanted it.

After the breakfast, we did the dishwashes, but forgot to wash the glasses of yesterday evening. The wather had been flushed through the sink, but she told me we could use "natural water" too and started pissing into the glasses, and washed it with this, i dried it.

Now we had to do some shopping, so we first took a shower, as we smelled a little like piss, but not asmuch you would expect after such a day. After the shower we searched for some clothes for her, in my sister's wardrobe and found a nice skirt and shirt that fit nice. We both agreed underwear wasn't nessesary. I dressed me up too, and we went downstairs, drank some, and then left to the super market. When we just walked past a group of bays and girls, wich were just hanging out, there was a strong breeze, wich lifted up her skirt for a while, revealing her underwear-less bottom openly. The group, immediately, started screaming she has such a horny ass, we both laughed about it, and saw her niples of her nice brests become hard. I pulled my hand under her skirt, what made the group screaming even harder.

In the supermarked we bought some food and lots of liquid. When we arrived at the check-out she asked me what where she had to leave the milk creamer, I looked at her and saw a little stream heading downwards her legs into her shoes. when she stopped I looked at her face, and she gave me a wink.

When we arrived home, i took off her and my clothes. Then she told me she had to poop and didn't want to do that on the floor or something. I agreed with her, took ome toilet paper, and went to the backyard with her, not wanting to tell where the toilet is. We made a hole in the sand, where she pooped in, and closed it again so it wouldn't smell.

After drinking somewhat we decited to go to the beach. So we took my mum's car and headed forward to the beach. After an hour driving she was realy desperate, and asked me to stop, else she would ruin my mum's carseat. It sounded like a good idea to stop, so I took the first exit to a restplace with a nude girl next to me, who couldn't sit still any more without loosing control. Then I locked all the cardoors so she couldn't get out. She asked me if it was ok to ruin the front carseat, and I told her it was not, she had to hold on.

She was begging to open the door for her, but I didn't and just waited what would happen. Then after the first dripples escaped she quickly opened the window (where I didn't think about, I should have stopped the engine, so the electrical windows couldnt get open). Then she put her bottom through it, and started to pee, you should have seen the faces of the peole standing nearby. I crawled towards her, and pulled her inside the car, while she was peeig. She quickly stopped peeing, not to ruin the carseat, I closed the window and stopped the engine, waiting wat she would do now. She quickly moved towards me, sat down on my lap and started peeing again. After some sex we continued our trip to the beach.

I brought 3 towels with me, 1 for each of us to lie on, probly becomming wet. And one for both of us four drying when we come out of the water.

We walked a while thrugh the sand, when we were on a less crowded part of the beach I put two towels on the send, and we lay down. after about half an hour of sunbathing, I bought some drinks for us, we sat down on the towels to drink, she told me she was hollow inside, and showed it to me. Each time she swallowed some of her drink, a spurt of pee was comming out of her. I beleve this realy proves she is totaly hollow don't you think?

Then we took a swim in the see, it was a bit cold, bu that's good for the need-to-pee . We went back to our towels, I had to pee badly but thought I could hold it for a while. But when I bend over to take the third towel, for drying us, a huge spurt of pee came out of me soaking my own towel where I was standing on.

I didn't pay any atention to the spurt, and took the towel, and sterted drying my girlfriend. When I dried her legs she started to pee all over the towel, soaing it totaly. Now we hadn't any dry towels anymore, and I was wet from the seawater. So I lifted her, carried her to the water, and submerged her in the seawater. Now we were both wet again, what was more fair in my opinion. We went back to the owels again, and lied close to each other so it wasn't so cold any more. The spurt I let go earlier wasn't enough to stop my need to pee, so I let the rest flow all over both towels, and ourselves. After a while we were boh thirsty again, we went to the beach cafe for some drink, unfortunately I couldn't get a beer, becuse I had to drive back.

When we arrived back at our towels after a few drinks, next to us was a couple of two lesbian girls sitting down, undressing. After some minutes of sunbathing my girlfriend needed to pee again, but I told her to wait for a while, because had a nice idea, and she approved it. About an hour later, when my girlfriend was in a real desperate state, the lesbian girls went to the see for a swim. I told my irlfriend to sit down on one of thetowels of those lesbians, and let her pee flow, and i did it at the other towel. We quickly went back to our towels after the pee, hoping no-one had seen it.

After quite a time the girls came back from their swim, shivering from coldness. When they used their towels to dry they discovered the towels were wet and yellow. Aftershort whispering to each other, they immediately came to us, laughing, and asked us if we had peed on their towels. When I admitted they both stand over us, with their legs and pussies spread wide, and started pissing all over us, and went back to their towels. They moved their stuff close to us, so we could chat better with each other.

After a lot of pissing, drinking, swimming and even a group sex, we went home. We took our towels, gave each other our phone numbers, we walked back to the car, got in and drove home.

We panned to eat at a restaurant on the way, but unfortunately the personal won't let us in when we until we had clothes on, wich we didn't took with us, so we drove home. We made some food for us, ate it, and got dressed in the same clothes as this morning. Then we went over to a disco. She wanted to dance on the stage with me, so she went up, and I followed. There was a ladder going up to the stage, when she went up, I could clearly see her pussy and bottom. We danced upthere, while a lot of people were watching. When we got down I told her probably everybody has seen her pussy, this made her turn a bit red, becouse she forgotten she had no panties on.

When we got som drinks she didn't want beer any more, because she doesn't want to be as tired as this morning. That's ok witth me, and I bought her a mixed alcoholic drink. She said she actually did mean she didn't alcohol, wat I already understuud, but didn't wanted to understood. Next times I brought non-alcoholic drinks for her like she asked. I noticed after a few hours a wet spot on her skirt, and understood what it was. e dansed a few times on the stage, while everybody was watching, she has even peed her skirt, up there, while dancing.

At the end of the evening, her (actully my sister's) skirt was totaly darker, and wet then when we came to the disco. We left the disco and went homewards, both needing to pee. So when we were in a remotely area i told her I was going to pee right now, she wanted to hold my penis while I was peeing, so I let her do everything, from unzipping my pants to zipping them again. I can tell girls aren't so used to aim with a dick, because my pents didn't keep dry because of "aiming failures". She didn't want to pee jet, she tried to hold on until she realy couldn't hold it anymore.

It was longer as I had expected, when we went into my house she hadn't pee jet. Once indoor I undressed her and she undressed me. Then we made some snacks because our stomacks became emty. While she was taking the snacks out of the fridge she was hopping and jumping not to pee, but she managed to hold it way longer. Even when we had eaten the snacks she hadn't peed, but it wouldn't take much longer. She was already squirming in her chair, with her legs crossed and her hands between her legs.

After sitting for a few minutes on this way, I heard an huge sigh, followed by a combinaion of an hissing and a splashing sound. She realy had to go, and she sat over there pissing for a long time, leaving an huge puddle on the floor and a wet spot in the cushion. Then she stood up, while the pee was still dripping out of her, and gave me a superb kiss. Then she took me to the bathroom for a shower, where we washed carefully each part of each other's body.

Now it was time for going to bed, I got in first, and when she came in she lied on top of me, I felt her whole body relexing, even her bledder. I couldn't imagine there was any piss inside her after such a long piss downstairs, but amazingly she had some piss left inside her.

