Roommates Part 3: Day Out

18th March 2013, 04:02 AM

Author: WetWulf

Location: United States (Sex: Male) Posts: 193

"So, what are we going to do today?" Starla asked, after a bit of teamwork on cleaning the kitchen. Denise had trouble containing her smile as she dropped a towel over the puddle she had made on the tile floor. It had felt amazing to just spread her legs and pee freely while drinking her coffee. She had also very much enjoyed watching Starla soak her fleshy thighs.

"Well, I'm new in town, so... what is there to do?"

"Right now, not much, until school starts up. Then, there will be a party almost every night and the bars are hopping. But now... there's a movie theater just down the road. We could catch a flick."

Both girls got dressed and as they stepped out of their rooms, they giggled at one another's outfits of... convenience. Denise chose a black ruffled mini-skirt, a pink t-shirt with silver hearts, and sandals. Starla chose black leggings and a tunic style shirt that reached mid-thigh.

Starla offered to drive and when Denise opened the passenger door, she laughed out loud at the seat covers that were stretched over the seats. They were decorated with "Hawaiian" style flowers, reminding Denise of her grandfather's shirts.

"I got stuck in traffic once in my old car and had to pee really bad," Starla said. "Ended up soaking my seat. So when I got this one, I bought the seat covers the same day. They don't absorb anything, so if you pee it either soaks right into your clothes or ends up on the floor."

"Does this mean..."

"Yep. If we're in my car and you need to pee, go right ahead."

Denise smiled. She had never felt so happy to be away from home. She remembered a day when she used to wet herself just for the pleasure of it. But her mother's threats to embarrass her were effective and she stopped. Now, here she was with her roommate, far away from home, and there seemed to be no limit to how or when she could wet herself.

The ride to the theater was a short one, which was disappointing since Denise hoped to try out the seat covers. Since it was early afternoon, there were only about four cars in the parking lot. They walked in, bought tickets, and (winking at each other) purchased 1-liter bottles for each of them and popcorn.

They were alone in the theater for a little while as they climbed to the back row. Since it wasn't time for the movie yet, they chatted.

"So," Starla began, searching Denise again with those big brown eyes, "what's your story? You said you used to wet a lot, but you outgrew it. How did you get started?"

"Um... well. Of course, like a lot of people, I used to have accidents as a kid. But that's now what you mean, is it? I guess I was maybe about fifteen when I first realized I was... getting off on peeing. I was... man, I can't believe I'm telling you this." Starla put a hand on her knee and continued to gaze at her. "I was... masturbating... in my bed... but I had to pee, too. And it felt so good that I didn't want to stop. So I just kept rubbing myself." As she talked, Denise noticed that Starla was raising her tunic out from under her bottom. "And then I orgasmed and before I could get up to run to the bathroom, it just... started coming out and I couldn't stop it. And it felt incredible. I came again, just the warm feeling of it spraying out must have set me over the edge. At first, I freaked out, but I knew there was nothing I could do now, so I just went to sleep in my wet bed. I think at some point in the night I woke up again, needing to pee, so I just did."

"Hold that thought," Starla said. She looked around to make sure no one had entered. They were still alone, so she slid her tights and panties down here thighs just far enough to place her bare bottom on the theater seat.

"Are you really going to pee here?" Denise asked. Peeing seats and beds in your own home was one thing, but this...?

"I am. These seats are really absorbent and soak up almost every drop. And it feels so good and warm in all the right places." At this, Starla spread her legs as far as her tights would allow, leaned back in her seat, and sighed.

On the dimness of the theater, Denise could hear Starla's pee dripping against the fabric of the seat as it started as a trickle. She tried to see the flow as it came out, but Starla's thighs were too close together. As if she were reading Denise's mind, though, Starla pulled her tights down a little more and spread her legs farther apart. She sighed again and the trickle became a full flow, hissing out of her vagina and spraying into the seat under her. Her breath increased as she continued to pee. She was right. The seat under her darkened as the pee poured into it, but it absorbed every drop, almost as if it were made for this very act.

"Oh my god," Starla gasped. "Oh, it's so warm. Mmm." She placed her hand between her legs and closed her thighs over it, continuing to pee.

Just then, a man and woman entered the theater. Starla gasped, sat upright, and pulled her tights and panties up as quick as she could. "I still have to pee," she said.

"Well, your tights are black, so... maybe it won't show if you pee in them?"

"They're also really thin, so maybe if I pull them up tight enough." She sat up and pulled her tights close to her vagina. Denise could see the outline of Starla's mound against the fabric. "I'm just gonna pee like this. I can't hold it anyway."

Since she was sitting upright and did not spread her legs this time, the only sign Denise had that Starla was peeing again was a soft sigh of relief and a very faint hissing sound coming from under her bottom. "Ahh, that's better."

As the previews finally started, Denise twisted the lid on her water and took a big swig.

