Default Luise And I Get Our Weekend Together Part 18

December 8, 2009, 02:35 PM

Автор: vikor3
 	
Location: United States (Sex: Straight Male) Posts: 223

Luise and I first took down my tent and packed that up putting it in the trunk of my Mustang. Then we took care of the bedding in the trailer. Then I took care of the piece of plywood that Luise had pissed all over earlier. I put that back in its pot in the floor in the kitchen of the trailer. Luise took care of the blanket while I did the plywood. Luise also took care of the cooler.

Well we were all set now. Everything was packed and the camp was all picked up. We started walking to the car to leave. I asked Luise if she needed to piss before we were to take off. She told me she did but not all that badly. Not enough she told me so I'll save this one for the road! I laughed and said ok. We got in my Mustang. I started it up and I backed out on to the old road and we were now heading home.

I was going to make two stops on the way. One for gas and the other to refill the cooler with snacks and drinks. I wasn't going to stop at McCabes little store this time. I planned on stopping in Ticinderoga for gas and the Grand Union market for the snacks and drinks. I would take a short cut to get to Ticonderoga which was on the Port Henry road.

In less then 15 minutes I had reached the short cut road and made the turn on it. This road would cut over ten minutes to get to Ticonderoga. In a matter what seemed to be no time we were on Rte 73 which went right down the mountain to the market and the gas station I was going to stop at. Going down the highway here was steep and straight. I sped up to 60mph and put my Mustang in nuetral and we coasted down the highway reaching over eithty and then slowed down back to the speed limit well before I had to brake for the 30 mph speed limit which I did.

The market was right at the intersection of Rte 73 and Rte 22. I pulled in and parked. Luise and I went in the market and got snacks and drinks along with some ice for the cooler. We came out and took care of the cooler and I put it on the backseat. We got in and I pulled out and went to the gas staion that was just down the road from the market and pulled in to it and flled my tank.

Then I pulled out of the gas staion taking another short cut which came back out on Rte 22 south of downtown Ticonderoga and we now had our long ride ahead on Rte 22 going south along Lake Champlain. On the way the lake would could be seen in spots as you travled Rte 22. In fact just above Whitehall NY we would cross over it. That was a long ways from where we were right now.

The first third of the trip would be in a valley which was all farms. Then the road would hit some hilly sections after the farm land section. I told Luise if she had to piss befoire we reached the hill sections of the highway she would have to hold it till we got to the hilly section. She told me she was still ok. I was now out of the 30 mile per hour speed zone and speed it up to 55 mph and soon the speed limit would be 65 mph once we got further down the valley secton.

Luise turned on the radio hunted for a few mionutes for a good station. She found one so we had good tunes now to listen to. She also got a soda out to drink and asked me if I wanted one. I told her yes so she got one out for me and opened it. She handed it to me and she and I sipped them,talked, and also sang to some of the songs that played on the radio. WE soon reached where the speed limit was 65 mph and I sped up to 70 and we now relaxed and enjoyed the trip as the country side flew by.

We soon had reched the start of the hilly section. Rte 22 rose upward while it also turned away from Lake Champlain. So now the lake was out of our view. We were far enough south now that I told Luise that the ridge that was on our right was betwen us and Lake George. It was the northern part of it. There were a few roads that did go over the mountains to Lake George. But they were few and far between.

What also was nice here on Rte 22 was that were the road went up a hill it was two lanes on the uphill side. Where it went down it was a single lane. I was going up hill so we were on the two lane side and I did pass a few tractor trailer trucks without needing to slow down getting stuck behind one. Soon we topped out and headed down now beng in where the road was one lane.

Luise now told me that she needed to piss and soon! Itold her that we had a ways to go before she could piss. There was a rest area ahead but it was a ways yet. It wouldn't be untill the next hilly section of the road where the rest area was located. That would be 22 miles from where we were. Luise told me she could wait but told me I better keep my speed up if I could. I had crept up to 75 mph and comming up the hill on the upward sde two tractor tarilers were ther and both flashed thier headlights at me.

That was a signal to slw down for there was a patrol car somewhere ahed of me. It could be a sheriff or a state trooper. So I braked slightly got back down to 65. A couple of miles later sure enough there was a trooper car with radar set up betwen noth and southbound lanes checking for speeders. With me now doing the speed limit he wasn't going to get me today! He did wave at Luise and I and we waved back as we passed by him.

I did speed back up after going another mile further. We had reached the long flat spot before the road would reach the second hilly stretch and where the rest area was. That was still I guesstimated was another twelve minutes at least. Well it took longer for I had to slow down for we came upon a pickup that was going slow only going 60 mph and we still were where the highway was a single lane on our side.

Luise was hanging on though even though she now wasn't able to sit still in her seat. She was squirming a litle from time to time on it. Finally up ahead of us the road became to lanes on our side for the hill section was going to start. I timed it and as soon as the second lane started I pulled into it sped up and shot by the sower pickup. Another five minutes later we were comming up on the sighn that said rest area two miles ahead. I told Luise we are amost there. She smiled said Good I'll make it!

I sped up to 75 and covered the remaning two miles in a flash. I pulled in at the exit of the rest area and braked hard slowing right down as we went up the uphill ramp. We topped out and the ramp was flat and the area was empty. No cars or trucks were parked. I pulled into a space and stopped. Luise immeadiatly unbuckled her seatbelt shoved open her door and got right out.

I unbuckled my seatbelt and I hopped out not opening my door at all. Now this rest area ony had a narrow grassy strip with hudge rocks in the grassy strip. There were tharsh barrels and a few picnic tables also here. I and Luise stood together along her side of my Mustang and we bot took care of her jeans together. This was faster for her. Once they were yanked down she squated.

Even before she got all the way down into her squat Luise started pissing very hard. Her piss stream came fowrad as it shot out from her pussy. Far enough that she did piss on the crotch ofher jeans soaking them with piss! Luise saw this happen but she just let it go since she was pissing so hard. She just atched it happen till her stream did ease up a little falling back and stopped wetting her jeans. I was going to chnge any way she said to me.

Beides wetting her jeans she made a big black wet spot on the blacktop pavement. There was also a lot of patches of piss foam in her puddle also. Since her stream also had eased off now it was hissing very loudly as she continuied pissing. I now was getting erect very fast as I watched Luise piss. I even absent mindly took my hand and rubbed the front of my jeans with it which Luise saw me do and she giggled and then said to me; Are you getting hard? I let out a short laugh as I stopped rubbing my jeans and told Luise YES!

Luise's stream eased up some more now making a less louder hiss. It was just about going straight down now loosing most of its forward angle. Severla more seconds passed and its hissing was gone. There was only the sound of soft splattering as her piss went on wetting the blacktop. Then she went intoa long dribble having wetting her entire crotch and have her piss dribbling from her asscheeks too.

Then the dribbling stopped but she kept on dripping for some time too. Then she stopped dripping. She ten stood up and bent over and slipped her jeans right off. I asked her; What are you going to change into? Luise replied it was warm which it was that she was going to put on a summer dress. There is one packed in the trunk. Luise asked meback; Why don't you get something elseto change in too? Maybe a tshirt and a pair of your boxers? I told her that sounded good to me.

So Luise laid her piss soaked jeans on my Mustangs hood. She then took of my jeans and we both walked back to the trunk half naked together. We did this quickly just in case we had someone come up on s from the highway. I opened the runk and we rummaged through our clothes she finding the summer dress and I a tshirt and a pair of my boxer shorts.

As we headed over to one of the close by picnic tables I sut off my engine to let the car to cool down. Once at the picnic table Luise slipped on her summer dress and I waited for her to do it. Before I was going to put on my tshirt and boxers I told Luise that I was going to piss. She patted the wooden bench of the picnic table with her hand. So I sat down next to her.

Luise reached rightover taking my now hard erect cock in her hand. She held it lightly along with it aimed at a high upward angle. About four feet out in front of me was one of the hudge rocks and I started pissing which my stream arced into the air moved forward through the narrow grass strip hit the big rock and moved up the face of it.Luise giggled as she watched my stream of piss rise and splash up the face of the hudge rock going higher up it at tghe same time.

After only several seconds I leaned back placing my elbows on the table top and watched my piss stream along with Luise. It reached its peak on the face of the rock about five feet up it. There it splattered hard on it wetting a area on the the rock along with my piss running all the way down it into the grass at its base. I took a pretty long piss as it turned out. More then I thought I would.

My stream started to ease off ever so slowly. My stream still had its forward force but it crept down the face of the big rock in a straight line as it went down it. It reached the grass after several second and then started comming back through the grass. When it had started wetting the grass and was halfway back I cut off my stream stopping it. I wanted to do some good spurts of piss which I would try to piss on the rock again.

I gave a hard short push. I sent a good short hard spurt of piss from my ock. It went right out arcing and hit hard about three feet up from the grass on the rocks face splattering hard when it hit the rock. I again did another very short hard push sending out another hard spurt of piss which went up higher on the rocks face splattering again hard on it. Luise now knew what I was doing and she giggled hard. Right after her hard giggle had ended she said to me; Se if you can piss on the top of the rock!

So I gave one hard last push. I shot the a harder spurt of piss that went up the face of the rock as it hit it and just barely did reach the top of it. That made Luise laugh hard. I also wetted a clump of grass on the top of the rock before this spurt of piss ended. I was done. My bladder was completely empty after those spurts. Luise did ask me to try one more time. I told her there was no more left. She giggled and shook my cock. Well maybe before we leave then> she said to me.

I said maybe back to her. We were going to be here for a little while to let my car cool down. So she slid my erect cock back inside my boxers and we went back to my car and got the cooler off the backseat. I also turned the ignition back on and turned the radio up. We had now music while we waited for the car to cool down along with snacks and a drink to to have while we waited. We would wind up staying in the rest area well over a hour. More then enough time for my Mustang to cool down but we wound up getting hotter then my engine had! To be continuied.
