My first butterfly experience!

19th July 2008, 07:03 PM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

Hi everybody!

A couple of weeks ago I told you that I've ordered a butterfly vibe with remote control, and with a (for me very important, lol!) quality; it's water proof.. ( I know, I've been told that there might not be certain that it's water proof, although they say so.. well I hope it'll be so anyway.. I'll take my chanses..)

And it has come and I've tried it.. Here is my first report! (Ooops!! I just had a genuine accident while writing this! I can't believe it! Sitting in my chair I peed my panties without previous warning.. Well, I needed to pee pretty badly but I wasn't going to do it quite yet.. But I can't complain, the feeling is awesome and I'll stay in my wet panties while I'm writing this!)

When I received my butterfly I tried it on and adjusted the strap on so it fitted well and felt comfortable. But I didn't turn it on. I'd decided that I wouldn't do that beeing all by myself.. It would be much more of a challenge to do it for the first time somewhere in public..

Maybe I should give a short description of my butterfly. It hasn't got this little shaft that some have.. I imagine that it would be uncomfortable when you're walking. maybe I'm wrong and maybe I'll bye one with a shaft next time.. But this one has an egg-shaped thing, which pulsates (vibrates) when you turn it on. And the butterfly antennas flutter on your clit. It has several speeds and various pulsating motions. And it has an escalating function.

OK! For my first try I just planned to walk around in the city and turn it on when I felt for it. For that purpose I went to Stockholm so that I wouldn't be recognized. I brought my butterfly in a bag and when I've arrived to Stockholm Central I went to the toilets where I pulled down my panties and put it on. I was dressed in a blue skirt that reached an inch above my knees, a white tank top, nylon stockings and a garter belt, and pink panties

. I put the remote control in a skirt pocket.

So I went out to the streets, for the first time with my butterfly.. Even though I hadn't yet turned it on, I began to feel a pleasant sensation in my abdomen! The eggshaped thing had grooves on it's surface and as I was strolling I felt it rubbing my crotch..

I stopped at an ice cream stall to bye an ice cream. It was a small queue and while waiting for my turn I thought it would be a good idea to turn on the butterfly! I put it on low speed.. oh.. gosh.. it felt nice! I couldn't stand still and began panting! When it was my turn I tried to order my ice cream: "I... I..mpll.. ggll.." I pointed on a sign displaying the different kinds of ice cream: "That.. that.. ollgl... one!" My hands shaked and my fingers trembled when I paid for the ice cream. And in order to be able to hold it, I had to turn off the butterfly...

I went in to a park and sat down on a bench to eat my ice cream. After a while two girls of about my age sat down beside me. I turned on the butterfly and this time I speeded it up a little.. Wow! I moaned! One of the girls looked at me and with a huge effort I managed to keep silent.. But I began wriggle, my bottom rubbed forth and back against the bench! And how much I tried to be silent I couldn't help beginning to pant and moan..

- "Aren't you feelin' well?" The nearest girl turned to me.

- "I.. I'm f.. f.. feeli'n t... t... t... terrif... f... fic!" And then I came!! Oh, gosh!! A muffled cry forced its way through my lips! I was so out of the world that I din't think about turning off the butterfly.. And my first orgasm was soon followed by another! New muffled cries... The girls couldn't take there eyes from me! The girl who was furthest from me even leaned forward to have a better view at me! She whispered to the other girl:

- "Look! She's having an orgasm!"

Eventually I composed myself enough to turn it off... I rose from the bench and mumbled:

- "Sorry! It just happened.."

I strolled around for a while.. By now I really needed to pee. I saw an open-air restaurant and went there and sat down at a table and turned the butterfly on low speed.. It spread a nice, warm feeling through my body... When a waitress came up to me I ordered a pint of beer and a whisky. I was getting very desperate now and when she came back with my beer and whisky, I couldn't hold back any longer. First a small squirt found it's way through my panties

.. Then a bigger one and then it was a steady flow... Luckily the table cloth blocked the wiew for her.. if it hadn't I don't doubt that i would have been thrown out... When she'd left, I turned on the highest level. My god!!! Oh gosh!!! It was as a rocket was launched in my pussy!! I came instantly!! I gritted my teeth hard in order not to scream!! I rocked forth and back and some of the guests turned to look at me! A new cascade of pee shot through my panties

! I couldn't take anymore and turned off the butterfly!

Then I sat quiet and drank my beer and whisky. I thought: "Well, that should show wether my butterfly is water proof or not!" (And it was! At least it still functions with great satisfaction...)

I left the restaurant on unsteady legs.. A bit tipsy..lol! Behind some bushes I unstrapped my butterfly and put it in my bag. My oh so wet panties

I kept on though...

On the train home I sat in the same compartment as three middle-age ladies. I was again dying for a pee! As I said, I was a bit tipsy so I didn't care but put one hand up under my skirt and began to hold and rub my crotch... One after one the ladies descover my predictament and I felt obliged to tell them: "Sorry but I'm desperate to pee and the toilets are closed on this train!" The three ladies stared icessantly at me! And of course.. it didn't take long until couldn't hold back anymore; neither the pee nor the orgasm!

And this time my screams weren't muffled!! With my skirt around my hips, my nylon cladded thighs widely spread apart and my bottom raised in the air I peed my panties forcefully with strong torrents while my fingers vehemently rubbed my pussy and clit to one orgasm after the other! I was so incredibly turned on by the ladies watching me! And oddly (or maybe not so oddly..hehe!) enough they seemed very intrigued and even enjoying my performance!

This was my first experience of the butterfly! There are more to come!

Your Yvette

