Jessie and the Window Well

7th September 2005, 04:08 AM

Author: gryphonslair99

Location: us (Sex: Male) Posts: 27

Another short story from my dorm days.

Sue was an art major, and like a lot of artist she was…... well a little bit on the different side. We got along great, but it was always one of those intellectual kind of things. She was not a party girl as such. Never went drinking, dancing or hell raising with the rest of us. She smoked a little weed to relax, but never partied.

Sue lived on the second floor and her room was right next to one of the two back doors that led into the dorms. Under her window at floor level was a ledge that stuck out 18 inches or so. The dorm had no air conditioning and it was a worm fall evening. For some reason, Sue and I got into the habit of talking through her window. I would crawl up on the ledge and sit there with my back against the wall and we would talk for hours. I enjoyed the out doors as I was a country boy. Sue, well she was not much of an outdoor person at all.

As I sat there talking about God only knows what now, I noticed Jessie and her boyfriend leaving out the back door and cross the street towards the CAC that was a block away. All the building were closed by now so I assumed that they were just out for a walk. They never saw me sitting there on that cool concrete ledge on that dark warm night. The never heard me either as there was lull in the conversation at the time so they never suspected that I was sitting there on the ledge. Sue and I talked some more as she worked on some painting project of hers like we normally did. We normally did this as the girls floors were locked up at 10:00 p.m. and it was now around 11:00. Since all the floors only had community bathrooms, they locked the girl's floors at 10:00 to allow the girls some privacy around bedtime. The guys had to be off the floor at 10:00 as well.

About five minutes later, I noticed Jessie hurrying back toward the dorm with Charlie close behind. She bound up the steps to the door reaching into her pockets. Her hand came out empty and she turned to Charlie with a grimace. She asked through clenched teeth if Charlie had his keys.

Jessie was about 5'3" tall, petite, cute, dishwater blond with breasts on the slightly small side and an ass that could stop traffic. She was also I noticed, being the intelligent collage student I was, that she had to pee in the worst of ways. She was bouncing and with out hesitation holing herself between the legs with both hands. Charlie was fishing through his pockets looking through his pockets for his keys. To this day, I do not know why. His keys would have got them into the stair well, not Jessie's floor. Only a girl's key could do that. His keys were good for the 3rd and 4th floors that were boy's floors.

The first floor where Jessie lived was half underground. The windows were at ground level with a window well about 18 inches deep in front of it. Charlie came up empty handed………no keys. He looked at Jessie and told her that they would have to walk around to the front entrance and get buzzed in. Jessie was bouncing and hobbling around and told him that she could not make it that far, she had to pee now. With that she hobbled over to the window well that was directly below me pulled down her jeans and panties and squatted over the window well. With a hiss and the splatter of water on concrete Jessie began to relieve her over stretched bladder. Directly below me about 10 feet. I leaned over the ledge and enjoyed the show. Charlie was staring intently at her stream as it went from a long thick jet, to a more controlled stream down to a few final drops.

Jessie stood up, pulled her pants up and stepped away from the window well. I don't know why I couldn't keep quiet, but I just had to say something so I asked, «Feel Better?» The shocked look on Jessie's face when she heard my voice, looked up and saw me there was priceless. Charlie, I know was none to pleased, but what was he to do. Jessie stuttered that she had to pee so bad and she didn't know what else to do.

All of a sudden I was in the middle of a conversation with Sue, and Jessie on totally different subjects. Charlie wisely just shut the hell up and stood there. Jessie began to tell me that they had gone for a walk and by the time she reached the CAC she had to pee very bad. There was nothing open on campus and so she practically ran back to the dorm only to find she didn't have her keys. She quietly explained that it was either pee in the window well or pee in her pants. She just couldn't bring herself to do the latter so she choose the window well. With that I tossed her my key so they could open the door. They went inside and that was the end of it. Jessie and I never talked about what had happened. I did notice after that though, that she seemed to have one of the smallest bladders in the dorm.

