/the-indecent-life-of-a-member-of-high-society-part-3/39489/

The Indecent Life Of A Member Of High Society Part 3

4th January 2010, 01:10 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Now like I had siad I saw Lucy's mother with the russian stable hand in the stable having watersports fun and other goings on. Well this morning I was out with Lucy's mother driving her around for her mother was shopping. The whole morning was taken up doing shopping. Then it came time for lunch which Lucy's mom went into one of the very fancy places in Manhatten and I went to a smaller place down the street for my lunch. I got back well before Mrs. Vanshoonhoven and I waited for her in the car.

I waited for a half hour and she came out and told me it was time to go home back to Yonkers. As we headed up through the city at first Lucy's mother was quiet. Then she started talking to me in french. I knew the language and a few others for I needed to know some languages for I would need them when I went overseas with the family which my first time would be soon with Lucy only.

First her conversatio was general conversation which she was testing my fluency in french. I had no problems carrying on the conversation with her. Then once done she turned and told me in english that she was satisfied and I had passed her little test. Then she went back to french again. This time it delt with what had happened in the stables yesterday and what I had seen her and the russian doing.

Mrs. Vanshoonhoven told me I was not in trouble first thing but did strongly warn me to keep quiet about it. If she did find out that I did say anything then I would be dismissed on the spot. I told her I would not say anything. I saw her lean back in the seat and smile a little smile on her lips. Then she told me she had a stop to make on the way home. I asked her where and she told me to drive to one of the city parks that we would be passing by on the way home tto Yonkers and I told her I knew the park and do her request. Mrs. Vanschoonhoven said thenk you and again sat back.

In fifteen minutes we had reached the small park and I drove into it. Lucy;s mother gave me directions to a certain spot in the park. As I headed towards the spot she wnted to go to I thought to myself that she knew this spot and how to get there she must have been here before. Soon we were there and I pulled off the road stopped,got ut, and opened up the rear door for Lucy's mother and she got out.

In french she asked me to escort her and held out her arm for me to take which I did. We started walking up through one of the brick walkways through one of the large flower gardens. After making several turns we were now off the beaten path in a pretty secluded part of the park where there was not a person visible. Then Lucy's mother told me to stop. So I did.

Now instead of speaking english or french she started speaking to me in German. She asked me first; You are a man of coarse. Did you like what you saw yesterday? Did that make you excited? Have you ever seen anything like that before? Her questions came in rapid succesion one right after the other. Since she said them so quickly and speaking iin german id di miss some of the translation in my mind but as I asnswered all her questions I managed to translate enough in my mind and for the most part answered back in german correctly. I also seemed to answer them correctly for Lucy's mother for she ha d a big smile on her face when I was done answering all of them.

Now durring this conversation my cock had become fully erect. My uniform pants were tigh and with my ock being erect my erection made a outline buldge in the front of my uniforms pants and the front buttons on my ants almost semed that they wanted to pop right off! What also got me right then was Lucy's mother Mrs. VanSchoonhoven had her eyes fixed right on the buldge of my uniforms pants! She laughed and said to me; YOU ARE A MAN! Then she laughed hard.

Then after her short hard laugh she told me that she was going to piss. She had several glasses of wine with lunch and she was very full. Would you like to see me piss? I answered back; Well if the madam wants to oblige me the madam can go right ahead. That made her laugh more. Lucy's mom then which she was wearing a very fancy long dress started raising up the fancy dress with her petticoats under the dress together.

I started as she raised her dress and petticoats upward. Up past her knees, up her thighs, and righ to her waist. She was not wearing pantiloons so she was now exposed to me. Mrs. VanSchoonhoven like I said had the body of a wasp which was very common in theses times. Her breasts were large sim waisted and her hips had gracefull curves which having a full ass made her shape wasp like. Plus Lucy's mom had a big patch of brunette colored pubic hair that was as curly as the hair on her head.

My cock was throbbing ever so hard in my pants now. Lucy's mom still speaking german told me she was going to have to piss standing up since she had the dress and all her petticoats to hang on to. Her voice now to me seemed so far away but I did knod my head yes. Then out from Lucy's moms pussy shooting out from between her lips and shooting through the curly brown pubic hair came out a yellow piss stream!

Her curled pubic hair instantly matted down when wetted with piss. Now besides her piss stream her pubic hair that had matted also had piss running off from it in two spots. The two streams from her matted pubic hair wetted the bricks while her piss stream was wetting the bricks out in front of her fancy shoes. I had all my attention watching her piss so I never heard the question she had asked me but her hard laughter did make me look up at her and then she repeated her question to me; Quite a piss wouldn't you say? I told her it was.

Lucy;s mother did take a long piss. She did say that she had been really filled by the wine at lunch. By the time she did end her piss there was three piss puddles made by her pissing on the bricks of the walk way. Two from the smaller two streams from her matted pubic hair and the one by her piss stream. Plus there was many trails through and over the bricks from the puddles.

Then Mrs. Van Schoonhoven took one of the inner petticoats and wiped herself off with it. Then she dropped all the petticoats and dress down and smoothed them all out. Then without hesitation she reached right over with her hand and took a hold of the top button of my uniform pants and popped it open without any difficulty at all! Then she did the second,third, and fourth button.

Before she was going to go for my ock She told me she was thirsty. Could I provide her with a drink? Well I did have lunch and had been out all morning, and I hadn't pissed since before leaving so I told her if she was really thirsty I had pelenty to drink. Thatmade her laugh and told me that I was a good servent! (Again all in german) She now yanked out my erect cock and she sqauted down in front of me holding my ock now with both of her hands.

I was a little uncomfortible and I did have some trouble getting started and granting Mrs. VanSchoonhovens desire. I only managed to spurt out one single very short spurt while I had tried to push several times to get started. Then Mrs. VanSchoonhoven seeing that I was having a hard time starting my piss told me to relax. Just think as my mouth as a mens urinal and piss in it! I could help but smile andlet out a short laugh.

I did relax a few short momnets later with a piss stream that came out weakly at first which Lucy's mother had to move her mouth closer to my ock before my piss went into it. Then as my stream flowed more she moved her mouth back away having my stream go through the air and into her mouth. When she swallowed she just let my piss splash on her face which also spashed on her dress,bodice, and ran down her cleavage and I saw te front of her dress turn darker with my piss wetting it.

Lucy;s mother drank a lot of my piss for I did take a very long one. Since she drank many mouthfulls of piss and having to swallow many times her entire front of her dress down to her waits had gotten soaked with piss. But what she did before I did end my piss was pull the bodice down exposing her large rounded form breasts moved my ock down and I ened up pissing all over her breasts till I did finish. Luc'ys mother screamed all the time I did piss all over tjose wonderfull looking tits of hers!

Then after I stopped my pissing on her Lucy;s mother in german told me that I had done a wonderfull job of taking care of her and her thirst. Now I'll take care of you. She leaned right over and slippedher lips on to my ock and started to give me head! She also was stroking me with both hands very fast wiy=th short hard strokes along with sher short hard sucking on the head and very upper part of my shaft.

She was very skillfull with her mouth,tounge and two hands. Since she was working me very fast and with all the feelings of her hands, fingers, lips, mouth, and tounge on my ock all at once I in a short time exploded shooting wad after wad into lucy's mothers mouth which some she slurped on which did dribble out form the side of her mouth running down her cheek. Some of it she swallowed and ither she let it splatter on her tits when her mouth was off from my cock.

After I had finished cumming she stood up and she gathered up her dress taking her petticoat and wiped my cum off from her cheek, lips, aand chin. Then she wiped off her tits where there was cum on them. Then she dropped her dress pulled up the bodice covering her tits back up. Better take care of yourself she said to me after she had taken care of herself. I did putting my semi hard ock back inisde my uniform pants and buttoned them up.

