T and I, yet one more experience

21st September 2012, 04:40 PM

Author: pissy_panties

Location: Finland, Spain and UK (Sex: Couple) Posts: 94

This is one of our five experiences that we encountered during this summer.

T and I went for a weekend break to a cabin to one of the many lakes near where T comes from in Finland. The sauna's in most of these cabins are excellent I have to say. After you have a sauna is it common practice to run out and dive into the lake, it feels freezing at first I can tell you, lol.

We arrived on the Friday afternoon and unpacked right away as we both wanted to have a sauna and a dip in the lake.

It looked quiet and had seen no other cars or people anywhere.

We had our sauna and dip in the lake and it felt very refreshing. It was still quite warm and we sat outside the cabin naked and had a glass of wine and a smoke. We had been sitting there for a about half an hour when someone said hello from the side of our cabin.

T and I looked round to see a couple walking toward us, both were wearing shorts and tee shirts. T and I did not move, as it was already too late, they had seen us sitting there naked, so what was the point of covering up, if they did not wish to see us like that they would have quietly passed us by.

We replied and said hello back to them, by then they were standing right in front of us. I then asked them if they would like a glass of wine, they replied yes please that would be nice, as long as we are not intruding. T and I said no it's fine.

They then told us that they had seen us come out of the cabin and go into the lake and saw that we were sitting there outside our cabin in the sunshine. So they came over to introduce themselves. Her name was Anu and his was Armas.

They stayed for one glass of wine and asked us where there was a nice place to eat, T told them the two best places and said that we were going to the first one this evening if you would care to join us, it is only about a fifteen to twenty minute walk. They agreed and we arranged to meet at 19.30 at their place. We also said that we would be going dressed casually in jeans.

We arrived on time at their cabin and were cordially invited inside and asked if we would like some wine before we left, naturally T and I agreed and sat down.

Both Armas amd I were wearing jeans as were T and Anu, T wore her tight pink jeans and Anu was wearing white jeans that fitted her very snugly with a nice half see through white top.

They then mentioned that their sauna would not work properly, they had been trying all day to get it to work, but it would only get luke warm. Then Anu mentioned that we both looked so relaxed this afternoon sitting outside our cabin with no clothes on, even when they approached us and sat down drinking their wine. She went on to say that she and Armas like to do the same when it is warm, but that they do not seem to get the chance much.

We finally left for the restaurant and arrived some twenty minutes later after a slow stroll whilst chatting on the way. They seemed to be a nice couple, and indeed it turned out that way after spending virtually the whole weekend together.

We ordered two bottles of wine and some water along with our meals. By the time our food arrived we had finished a bottle and a half of the wine and ordered two more bottles, and some more water.

By the time we had finished our meals and four bottles of wine along with three jugs of water, it was almost 22.30. We did not wish to return back to the cabin yet so we ordered some beer for Armas and myself and some shorts for Anu and T. By the time we left at 11.45 T and Anu had drunk three more shorts and Armas and I had one more beer each.

Whilst Armas and I were paying the bill, I saw that T was leaning over to Anu and they were both giggling. I just smiled and looked away thinking that they were both well merry.

Armas and I returned to the table, where Anu and T got up ready to leave, then Anu whispered something in his ear as she got up to leave.

The night was still like daylight (I still cannot get used to that) and it was still quite warm. We were just strolling back home and We were all a bit drunken as T would put it. We had been walking for about ten minutes and had just reached the outskirts of the woods when T stopped. Anu and T were in front of Armas and I, so we asked if she was OK, she just giggled and went to the side of the path and said that she had to go pee.

As T was walking to the side of the path we could see that she had already begun to pee in her knickers and jeans, Anu was laughing when T tried to pull her jeans down but fell backwards, there she was with her jeans round her knees with her knickers still on and she was peeing full throttle through them.

Anu went over to her and sat beside her, she lifted her bum and pulled her white jeans down to her ankles and started to pee through her panties.

Armas and I just looked on watching them, I then said oh well, I need to go as well. I went and stood between T and Anu and got my cock out and started to pee between them both, Armas then came over and stood next to me and he got his cock out and started to pee beside me and the girls, we were all giggling and laughing.

When I had drained every drop T was still lying back on the grass and her jeans were soaking wet, so I pulled them off, she then slipped her panties down and took them off. Anu and Armas had finished peeing and Anu was pulling her jeans up. We walked for about a minute or so when Anu said, I can't walk in these and she asked Armas to take her jeans off, she then slipped out of her wet panties. Now the two of them were naked from the waist down.

T then moved in front of me and got to her knees and started to undo my jeans, she slid them down to my ankles and then slipped my underwear down to my ankles also, I stepped out of them and she said now we can all walk the rest of the way half naked. By this time Anu had done the same to Armas.

We were no further than three or four minutes from the cabin when Anu commented on both Armas's and my erection, T looked at Armas's and my stiff cock and then said to me lets fuck here. I took T's hand and gently pulled her down to the side of the path. Anu and Armas came over and lay right next to us.

Anu said to T feel how hard this is T, so T slid her hand over to Armas's stiff cock and wrapped it in her hand and gave it a squeeze or two up and down. Anu then asked T if she could squeeze my stiff cock, T replied, it is nice and hard, you feel. Anu put my stiff cock on her hand and said mmm, your going to get that soon.

I was kneeling between T's wide open still wettish legs playing with her soaking wet pussy. I said to Armas we can all play that game, this is nice and soft, feel how soft this is, Armas looked at T and she said it's ok you can if you wish, then we all started to laugh.

Armas put his hand between T's legs and played with her clit for a few seconds, then he slipped two fingers inside her wet vagina and T closed her eyes. Anu said to me you can touch me if you wish. I needed no second invitation, my hand was between her legs with a couple of fingers inside her pulling them out slowly and rubbing her clitoris.

Anu then said, who's going to fuck who? Then T said I don't care?. I just said fuck it lets just swap.

So we did swap, T and Armas fucked each other and Anu and I had a really good shag, well, we all did.

This was still only Friday night, we had Saturday and Sunday morning to go yet, and somehow I knew that it was going to be a really good weekend, but not in the way that I expected as it got even better on the Saturday morning, and wow did it!!!

More of this weekend when I am able to post. Should be sometime next week.

