Not Always As Planned

8th October 2014, 04:14 AM

Author: SlickGracey

Location: United States (Sex: Bi Female) Posts: 160

Hello again, everyone! When I hang out in the chat room here, I get asked a lot of good questions. One of them is "Do you ever get caught wetting

?" Well... I used to.

When I started my recreational wetting

, I was still living with my parents. There were indeed moments when I panicked a little bit; like when I needed to wash my peed-in clothing and was asked why I was loading laundry so often, or coming in the house with wet shorts and hearing "Wow honey, is it raining out?" They never actually caught me in the act, but those moments sure made me sweat.

As I got older and moved out, I slid into the habit of wetting myself all the time, and it became a lot easier to do, since I was alone in my own home. But in the moments that I needed a pee while I was out and about, I had to be a little more careful. You have to be aware of your surroundings at all times. Are you in an area that a lot of people walk through? Are you in a restroom with reliable stall doors?

There are a lot of things to think about. I've been pushing the envelope so much, I think I'm almost at the point that Bill Murray was in the movie "Groundhog Day". I've done things in full view of the public eye and not a single head turned. Why? There have been studies about it, but to sum up: The attention span of an average human being is very bad. And it's mostly self-absorption; especially in today's age of pocket-sized electronic devices that have dozens of trendy capabilities. Odds are, no one's going to look up from their phone and notice the busty pink-haired chick leaking from under her skirt.

Or would they? After all, part of the reason Alice and I hooked up is because she caught me in the act. I was just lucky she turned out to be very open-minded. But maybe everyone sees me all the time? Maybe people notice things and just keep their head turned, choosing to not get involved? Well... yes, that is a possibility. But if that's actually the case, then I'm still not going to think twice. I'm enjoying myself. It's not like these people know me or interact with me on a daily basis.

But what if they did?

This one time, I went to a backyard get-together with some of my acquaintances. We had a fun time; chatting back and forth and enjoying some home-grilled food. Soon, I felt the familiar urge; it was time for a pee. I went back into the house and grabbed my purse, heading into the bathroom. As I slipped the panties on under my skirt, I had a really naughty idea. I was going to skip the toilet wet and push the envelope. I thought I could get away with wetting outside where everyone else was!

I walked out of the bathroom, put my purse back amongst the others, but took my phone with me. I headed back outside and blended back in, waiting for everyone to stop paying attention. When I had my moment, I pulled out my phone and casually walked further into the backyard towards a big tree. I had the phone to my ear, making-believe I was trying to hear something and have a conversation, but in reality, all I was doing was making an excuse to be by myself.

I sat down on the opposite side of the tree and spread my legs. I was facing a fence, so no one else could see me. I made sure I wasn't sitting on my skirt, took a deep breath, and bore down. My warm pee flooded the panties

, surrounding my crotch in the hot wetness I so love. I shut my eyes and relished the sensation...

...and then one of my friends, we'll call her Susan, came around looking for me. "Hey Grace, you OK?"

I froze up. "Uh, yeah! I'm good!" I looked around the tree with the phone to my ear, and winced as the last of my pee filled my panties.

Susan walked right over and stood next to me. To be honest, she's not very observant. "You're awfully quiet over here."

It occurred to me very quickly; she couldn't see my pee from the angle she was at. My skirt was obscuring the mess I probably made on the ground. "Yeah... just wrapping up a phone call!" I admit, I was sweating. But I did my best to keep my cool.

"So, how did you like the salad? I made it myself!" Here she was, making conversation with me. I wasn't about to stand up until she wasn't looking at me, but she obviously wasn't going anywhere on her own. I had to just sit in my obscured puddle and chat with her until she got the point.

Eventually she did get bored and wandered off. I finally stood up and took a look; there was indeed a large wet patch on the ground where I was sitting. Luckily my skirt didn't catch any of the wetness, so I just trotted back into the house and threw those panties right off. I didn't even go into the bathroom; I knew everyone was outside so I stripped them off quick and shoved them in my purse. What a relief!

I went back outside and noticed Susan was whispering to another party-goer. When Susan walked away, they came over to me and looked a little concerned. "Hey Grace, are you alright?"

Was I caught? "Yeah, I'm fine. Why, what's up?"

"Well, Susan said you were a little red in the cheeks. We were just a little concerned, that's all."

"Oh, I'm alright. Just enjoying the day." They didn't know just how much I was enjoying it... or did they? I may never know. I've gotten together with my friends since then and there was no specific change in their attitude, so whatever.

The point is; I have been caught. Plenty of times. I can usually work it so I can totally get away with it... usually. Goodnight, folks!

