Being Drunk And Pissing Part 6

10th March 2010, 05:18 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Tammy and I went on slowly with our foreplay sitting together in the kitchen. We went on long enough that each of us had finished our drinks. Tammy her cup of hot mull wine and I my can of beer. Also enough time had gne by Tammy slipped her hand off from my erect cock that she had been gently stroking off and on and she said to me; I have to finsih my piss now. I said ok to Terry and told her that I too had to piss.

Terry got up off from my lap. This time I'm noy going to piss in the sink! Terry said to me slightly laughing when she said this to me. You have to go also so we'll again do something different! Terry aslo said to me. This brought my curiousity up again so I asked Terry; Ok what are we going to do? Terry came out saying quite loudly and replied; We'll use the cats litter box! Terry was a cat person and she did have a indoor cat so there was a litter box for the cat. The litter box was over in the corner by the fridge.

Terry went right over to it and slid out from where it was so now we could use it to piss in. She and I stood over it. Terry standing over the one end of it and I facing her standing at the other end but about two feet from it. Tammy was holding my erect cock and had it pushed down aiming it at the litter box while she stood straddling it.

I don't remember this time who started to piss first. It could have been me or Terry. All I know was that we both when we started we both pissed very hard. Tammy shot out from her pussy a wide headed piss stream which wetted her pubic hair with piss which made a messy splattering stream for the first several seconds. Then her stream became neat with a long twist and it did move forward wetting a big patch of the kitty litter in the litter box.

My stream came out thin and hard with a long twist. My stream hit just to the right where Terry's piss stream was wetting the kity litter and with its hard impact dug a hole in the litter! Niether of us said anything at first while we pissed. But I did after pissing for about ten seconds. I don't know about you Terry I needed to piss. It feels so good! That got a giggle from Terry and she said to me; Me too!

We both took a long piss this time. With taking a long piss all of the top of the kity liter had turned dark in the litter box. I did several spurts in a row to finish my piss. Terry had ended her piss with a lot of dripping from the underside of her pussy and wet pubic hair. When she did stop her dripping I helped her shove the now heavier litter box back by the fridgerator. Then Terry told me to get ready for something and go sit back down in my chair.

As I started for my seat Terry gave my bare asscheek a slap with her hand. Hurry up! she said to me with a laugh. So I scooted right over to my chair and sat down. Terry then slowly came over taesing me by really wiggling her hips andplaying with her own breasts shaking them,massaging them, as she slwoly walked over to me.

Terry then stepped forward straddled me and the chair. Stood there for a very short moment and the she grabbed my head and pulled my face into her pussy! Having just pissed and her pubic hair wetted with her piss the smell of piss was quite strong! (This was something that I always enjoyedwas the smell of girls piss!) What was even better was the taste of it! So I dived right in taking a hard long lick with my tounge licking the piss wet pubic hair and then stciking my tounge through it and went at Terry's clit and slit opening with my tounge!

Terry immeadaitly did a couple of things as sonn as she had felt my tounge going to work on her. One she pushed harder with her hands on my head,secondly she moved my head up and down too. She also said loudly; I HAVE'NT HAD THAT DINE TO ME IN A LONG TIME! hen she let out a loud squeel of delight! Then after several moments later after her squeel Terry said Loudly; MORE MORE MORE! Terry was now getting wildly turned on. Terry now began to wildly gyrate herself as she stood ther moving her pussy all ver my face as I licked away and shoved my tounge up inside her pussy! It sure was geting warm,moist, and Terry's clit had swollen right up making it real stiff.

I sure was having my fun with Terry's pussy. I even had reached down and taken care of myslef by grabbing my ock with my hand and started jerking myself off! Could you blame me! Terry's both hands were busy guiding my head so she couldn't do it. It would have better having her jerk me off! Terry must have felt my movement of my arm or my jerking of me jerking my cock. Terry pulled away looked down and saw that I was holding myslef. Terry giggled loudly for a few short seconds. Then she said to me; I'll take care of that! But YOU keep going at what YOU were doing!

Terry quickly stepped back away turned right around stepped back again straddlingme and the chair. Now her ass and and pussy were out in front of my face. Terry really opened herself wide for me and bent right over! Terry reached back though her legs and reached my cock and she took a hold of it and went to work on it with her hand! I leaned foward and went back to taing care of her pussy licking away at it as Terry jerked my cock and she wiggled her ass in my face as I went on licking her! Boy did it ever feel sooo good to have Terry's hand on my cock then my own now!

After a few minutes I took one of my hands placed it up on one of Terry's breasts and I started tweaking her nipple with it. I took my other hand slipped it around the front of Terry and I placed a finger on her hard swollen clit and began to let it rub on it. I didn't have to move it either. With Terry wiggling around her movent did the massaging of her clit with my finger that was on it!

Now even with our foreplay Terry had also been taking long sips of wine from her glass. She had gotten out a bottle of wine from the fridge right after we had pissed in the cats litter box and poured herself a glass of the wine. Terry also had been jerking my cock off pretty fast as we went along. I now pulled away out from her pussy for a quick moment. I said very quickly to Terry before I went and dove back into her; Terry SLOW DOWN! You won't have any for later!

Terry giggle hard but she knew waht I ment by it. How bout I start and stop then? I said ok back to her and I went right back licking her pussy resumed massaging her clit. Terry pressd her ass back I felt her hand not stroke my cock till after a couple of minutes passed and then she would give it a few strokes and then stop. Tery then said to me; How's that? OK? With her ass smothering my face I managed just a umm ha meaning yes it was and my um ha Terry giggled some more.

So we went on. Her jerking me off and on, I playing with her breasts nipples,licking her pussy,and massaging her clit. Terry now was wigglingherself a lot more,makingme massage her clit much faster. Terry was breathing in hard gasps along with a gutteral moan after each gasp. It seemed that Terry may climax at any time now.

It did happen a few minutes later. Terry suddenly ripped her obne hand off from my cock. She reached back around her with that had placed with it the other hand that was on the back of my head and shoved me hard into her ass! Terry at the same time shoved her ass back hard let out a loud scream and my face got sprayed with her cum! Terry didn't just shoot out one shot of cum too. Spurt after spurt came spraying out!

Terry would pull her ass away and push it back hard when the spurts of her cum came out fom her pussy. I had it all over my face when I wasn't licking at her pussy. Boy was Tony a very lucky guy when he was going out with her! Thi thought flashed right in and out of my mind at this moment. Terry seemed just to keep cumming! I was soaked with it. All over my face,neck,parts of my chest, and some of my hair was wet too!

Then Terry went limp leaned back into me with just some cum wetting her pussy and pubic hair. I licked that off and only then I pulled my face out from her after slightly pushing her ass forward. Terry was gaspinghard as she breathed. I still did lightly massage her nipples and her clit to bring her down slowly. Terry did manage to whisper out telling me to keep it up. It feels good. Tony never did that! So I did keep going.

Terry being weakend by having such a intense orgasem had to sit down so she plopped her ass down on my lap. My cock was now up betwenn her asscheeks in her asscrack. I reached around with the hand that had been lightly massaging Terry's clit and started massaging it again. Terry weakly giggled and placed her hand on mine that was there and she slowly moved my hand with hers.

She was lleaning bac against me but managed to take my head pull it forward turned it and we kissed lightly off and on. Terry now at least had regained her breath too for she had stopped gasping. After a few minutes had went by. Terry feeling my erect cock betwen her asscheeks whispered to me; Let me get up and I'll move you where it will be better. So Terry lifted herslef up raising her ass up from my lap reached down took a hold of my cock and sat back down.

Now my ock was under her ass and was partaily touching her warm still wet pussy! Now that's a better place for it don't you think! Terry said to me with a litle giggle. I smiled gave Terry a quick kiss and told her; Yes it isalmost. Terry giggled again. Then she asked; Where would be better? I gave her clit little faster series of rubs with my finger. As I did this I said to Terry; Underneath and inside! Terry giggled harder. But added by sayig back to me; Oh it will be but not yet!

So we went back to our very light foreplay. I kept teasing her breasts nipples with my hands, we would kiss also, I with her hands help massaged her clit lightly and my cock got a slight treat for Terry would wiggle or move her body making her pubic hair and still wet pussy rub on my cock a litle keeping it erect.

With doing all of this Terry again was slowly was geting turned on again. For she was starting to breath harder kissed harder, and she was now moving my hand faster making me rub her clit faster. Then durring one ofour hard kisses I felt warm liquid wetting my occk,balls,and splashing my thighs. It also was wetting thechirs wooden seat wetting my ass too! With Terrys hard kiss which was a french kiss with her tounge deep inside of my mouth I couldn't pullaway. I also liked the feeling of the warm wetness on my cock,balls,thighs and my ass! So I just let Terry go without interruption.

Terry kept up her hard french kiss all thetime I kept on feeling the warm liquid that was wetting me. Terry didn't pull away with her hard longkiss till I felt what was wetting me had stopped. Only then that's when Terry did stop kissing me pulled her face away and smiled with a very big smile. Then she said to me; How did you like that? I justpeed all over you! I smiled back at Terry. I wasn't sure if it was piss or cum! But that was nice! Terry laughed.

You better get up from that wet seat now Terrty said to me. Terry got up from my lap and I got up off the wooden chair. The seat was all wet with her piss and there were puddles of piss all around the chair on the floor. Terry looked down and saw how much piss was there on the seat and the puddles of her piss on the floor. Gee I didn't tink I pissed that much! She had.

So Terry went over to the sik grabbed two small hand towels tossed me one telling me dry yourself off alittle with it. I don't like having to have to taste so much piss even though a little isn't bad. I looked at Terry for a moment and then I started wiping myself off with the towel and she wiped up the piss off the seat and floor.

After this was done she tosed the two towels in the sink. Let's have one more quick drink before we head for bed Terry said to me. For I'm ready for that right now! Terry laughed and gave me a wink at the same time. I smiled and agreed with Terry. She poured her wine glass only half full and she opened a beer for me and this time poured the beer into a glass for me. We both raised our glasses up clinked them together and chugged them down in a single gulp.

Now Terr'ys bedroom was off the kitchen. The door to it had been closed all the time we were there. Terry said she better open the door for it is going to be cold as a ice box having the door shut for so long. This was true for I have been here before and with the door being shut closed no real heat would be in her bedroom and the door had to be open so it would be warm. Terry opened the door and then she grabbed my hand and we walked out to the livingroom where it was taosty warm to wait for her bedroom to warm up.

Terry had me sit down on the old overstuffed couch she had. Now before we do go to bed Terry siad to me I'll now make sure your'e good and ready when we do go to bed! Terry kneeled down on the rug. Shereached over opened my legs wise seperating them. Then she quickly scooted inside of my legs took a light hold on my cock with one hand then siting kneeling leaned well over and slid her warm wet lips slipping my cock between them up to its ring gave a hard suck as she licked its head and twisted her hand on my cocks shaft!

Terry did all this at once for several minutes. It really felt good to me! I to tell you the truth had not had head for awhile. I wasn't going with any girl at this time that was why. Besides doing the twisting action with her hand Terry also started taking more of my ock into hermouth too besides jst sucking and licking my cocks head. Then she pulled off slowly and took her mouth off from it.

I also have something else you might like too! Terry said to me. I looked at her and waited to see what she was going to do. Terry turned around between my legs. She then laid out on the rug slid heself back till her head was undermy crotch. Then supporting herslef on one elbow she took one hand placed it on my ock and slwly jerked it off. Then as she did thatshe raised her face up to my balls started licking them with her tounge! The a few minutes of of licking my balls she opened her mouth very wide put my balls right in her mouth licked them,sucked them and gently squeezed them too! Jerking me off anddoing all of this to my balls I let out a hard gasp! Terry managed a giggle as she licked and scked my balls!

Terry only id this for several minutes too. Then she stopped turned around slipped my cok between her lips and went back to ginving me head only no longer did she use her hand jerking me off at the same time. much as she could of my ock in her mouth. I was enjoyimg every wet stroke of her moth sliding up and down on my cock! Terry went on giving me head for several minutes more.

Then she pulled back fast with a hard sigle suck. She stood right up reached down pulled me up right off the couchin one quick motion. I'm ready!, The bedroom is ready, and YOUR'E DEFINATLY READY! Terry said to me. Terrythen hopped right up on me! Wrapped her legs around my hips, lockng her feet behind me. She raised up grabbed my ockmoved it and slipped her body down slipping my cock patway up inside her pussy! Lets go fuck!

So I laughed and having her like thison me I walked all the way to her bedroom carefull ylaid her on her bed without my ock slipping out of her we started by having her on the bed me standing and we started screwing.In a few short minutes Terry was letting out soft moans of pleasure as I took long slow thrusts making my cock slide slowly back and fourth. Oh that your curve does FEEL SOO GOOD! Terry moaned out slowly and loudly as I slowly thrusted back and forth. I also now had one hand with my fingers on her clit massagng it and the fingers of my other hand playing with each nipple of her breasts. Terryhad reached out too and had her hands on my asscheeks pushingme into her and pulling me back as I pumped.

We stayed in this position for awhile then we changed. Terry wanted on top so I laid out on her bed and she got over me putting my ock up in her now warm moist pussy. I played with het breasts with both hands. Terry was pumping like I had been by taking long up and down slow pumps. But when she bottomed on me she would stop and constrict her muscles so her pussy would squeeze against me hard! That felt great making me take a litle gasp. Terry giggled when I did each time that I gasped.

With our slow but very pleasurable pace we both enjoyed it very much. Terry's nipples hadbecome stiff and were very filled out. Her pussy felt to me had become even warmer on my cock. When she would stop at the botom of her thrust and would squeeze that was feeling also more intense to me. Also her body heat being that much warmer when she was botomed out on me I could feel her body heat on the tops of my balls. That felt real good too!

Then Terry made a slight change as we went along. She still was taking the long slow thrusts up and down but began squeezing clamping down all the time on my cock as she pumped. Terry moaned out saying; Now THAT feels even better! It most lkely did to for with her pussy clamped my cock was rubbing harder presssed inside of her! We went on.

Then I thought of something that I had to ask Terry. So I asked to find out. Terry did you and Tony ever do having Tony screw up your ass? Terry giggled hard first. Then she just looked at with me with a smile still slowly pumping and squeezing as she pumped. Terry seemed like she wasn't going to give me a answer. But she did. Oh I tried it. It was allright. But she reached down and took a hold of my cocks shaft with her hand and squeezed it. (Terry was up at the end of her upward thrust at this moment and had stopped.) THIS BELONGS IN HERE! Terry said to me. BUT if you want to stick a finger up my ass I'll go for that!

Terry as soon as she finished saying that to me grabbed one of my hands away from her breast put it up to her lips and wetted the longest finger in my hand. Then she took that hand placed it back behind her slipped it into her asscrack right where her asshole was and pushed it right up inisde of it! That made her let out a sharp gasp! I could fele my finger inside from inside of her pussy for it made her pussy press harder on my cock. This will work! immeadiatly flashed into my mind. Terry began her slow clamping thrusts gain which I felt my finger slide up and down inside pressing on her pussy as she pumped.

Now only a few minutes later both Terry and I were rapidly comming on. She was now thrusting harder,faster, and squeeziing her pussy harder on my cock. Also betweenher panting she was letting out gutteral sounding loud moans. Me I was now pumping my hips upward as she came downward on me. I was breathing hard too. With our combined thrusting her ass slapped against me and my balls would swing upward which made them slap Terrys ass.

Well with all this happening and having my finger up her ass with the more inner preasure on my cock I came just before Terry did. When I felt that I wa going to cum I slammed Terry hard down on me as I raised my hips up fast and hard. Terry let out a loud scream as I shot out my first hot load of cum up inside of my pussy. A second spurt shot up inside of her. That's when Terry came! Hot liquid dribbled and sprayed past my insterted cock! I pressed even harder down on Terry with my hands. She screamed louder as another hot spurt of cum shot out form my inserted cock. At te same time I was rapidly rubbng Terry's clit which just made her cum harder and longer.

But a good thing never lasts forever. My cum spurts were shorter then I stopped but my ock did keep up its twtching inside of terry;spussy. (I was shooting dry loads!) Terry was still cummig but a lot less now. She was no longer spraying but having her cum dribble out of her pussy. She had done enough so that my cock was wetted, along with my pubic hair, my balls were soaked, and the sheet under my ass was wetted with her cum too.

I managed to sort of sit up. I pulled Terry's mouth down to mine and I kissed her hard. She in return kissed me just as hard also. Then we seperated for we both had to catch or breath. I slowly slid my inserted finger out of her asshole. Feeling my finger sliding out Terry smiled and gave just a little psuh to help it come out. My cock had stopped its twitching. It was now just startng to soften but Terry stayed still keeping it up inside her pussy. We kissed hard again one more time.

Then Terry did get up from me. Terry got up off of the bed. She went over and picked up a small wastepaper basket and came back over to the bed with it putting it down on the floor right at the top end of the bed. Just in case I get sick she said to me with a giggle. I might for I do sometimes when I've drank to much. I told Terry good idea! Besides that I may have to piss durring thenight I can use it for that. Terry let out a short hard laugh. Youre right it can be used for that too. Tony had done that! That made me laugh a little harder too now.

With that Terry and I laid out togther facing each other. Terry reached down grabbed the to[ sheet,the heavy blanket, and quilt pulled them up over us. We snuggled up close together we then got into a tight hug and drifted off into a deep sleep. Both of us I knew were deeply satsified with everything we had done together. At least that was the last thought I had before I slipped into my deep sleep. To be continuied.

