Camping Trip: Shock and Awe pt.2

11th September 2012, 03:57 AM

Author: p_lover90

Location: Virginia (Sex: Male) Posts: 142

(This is a continuation of the thread "Camping Trip: Shock and Awe" It'll begin just where the other left off.)

So, a little over two hours since arriving at camp and the first incident we find ourselves unpacked and just finishing up lunch. We still had a single task left which was to gather firewood. Looking around, there were plenty of downed trees around the campsite which meant mother nature had already taken care of the situation. My Aunt suggested we go hiking with our new found free time.

I was ecstatic with that idea. I filled up two 40 ounce water bottles with ice cold spring water while she changed her outfit.

She soon reappeared from the camper now wearing light colored, tight fitting jeans. They hugged her athletic thighs and large, tight ass which was sculpted from adventures just like this. Her shirt was now a pink, skin hugging, V neck. It showed off her tight stomach and even made her small tits look appealing. On her feet were a pair of white tennis shoes. Her new outfit made me realize she shared the same body type as an olympic gymnast.

She reach for a 20 oz. bottle of water. I said: "I have our water bottles right here."

Her reply was: "Obviously you haven't been hiking with me if you think that alone is going to keep you hydrated. You better have one too before we set off. It's better to drink too much than it is to dehydrate."

*She tossed me a bottle as she polished hers off in a matter of seconds.*

*At this time, the earlier incident popped into my mind and I thought to myself: "No wonder she pisses like a fire hose."*

She asked: "Are we ready to set off on our journey?"

"Let's do it" I replied.

And so we were off. Our first hour was nothing more than a stroll through the woods. Her outfit made it apparent that we weren't going to be doing any extreme hiking as she suggested. That was OK though, I wanted to go back to the site anyways to relax so I suggested it to her.

She answered my suggestion with: "I thought you'd never ask. There's a stream right up here though, I need to refill my water bottle."

My water bottle was still almost full. Unfortunately, so was my bladder which made me wonder just how in the world she wasn't absolutely bursting yet. Nonetheless, we proceeded to the stream where she filled her bottle with the crystal clear water flowing downstream.

She spoke up: "Hand me your bottle and I'll fill it up too while we're here."

I replied: "It's still almost full."

She demanded I finish it so the bottle could be refilled for the trip back. I wasn't happy about it, but I chugged the water down before handing the bottle back to her to be refilled. I could feel the added pressure on my bladder already.

We departed back to camp. A half hour had passed before she was already complaining she was out of water again and said she had to piss desperately.

I handed her my remaining half a bottle of water and said: "I can help you with the water situation. I'd help you with the pee, but I'd probably get pissed on again"

She laughed outrageously before muttering with a sense of alarm in her voice: "Don't fucking make me laugh or I'm going to piss on myself."

I insisted: "We'll be back to camp in a few, so just hold it until we get there. I have to go bad also, so let's just hurry."

I would have suggested we just pee on the path, but I found it quite arousing seeing her squirm, grab her crotch, mumble under her breath, and bite her lip all trying to fend off the urge to piss. I was imagining the extreme amount of liquid her bladder was holding. She had drank well over a hundred ounces since her last pee break!

We were a mere three hundred feet from her car as I spoke up and said: "I'm going right now. I'm not waiting no more!"

She was right beside me as I whipped it out and began peeing right there on a tree trunk. My cock was semi hard and was in full view for her to see, but I didn't care. Her sense of urgency disappeared as she watched me empty my bladder.

I gave her a bit of a stare before she spoke up and objected: "What? You've already seen me go, you didn't even try to hide it, and your cock suggests perhaps you might be enjoying our situation!"

She was right, so I left her enjoy the show. I finished and stepped to another nearby large maple tree to afford her some privacy since we were now "even."

Much to my surprise, she followed me. She stepped right beside me brushing her shoulder against mine. She stood there nearly three feet in front of the tree fidgeting with her button and zipper. Her legs were clinched making it that much harder. Tears filled her eyes as she cussed the contraption separating her and her ultimate relief.

Finally, she got them undone. I was expecting her to approach the tree and pull her jeans down to place her ass against it before releasing her torrent. (I had heard this method referred to as "pulling up a tree" before this took place.) I was wrong.

Instead, she wiggled her tight jeans around her knees along with this time a skimpy neon green thong. As I stood to the side, half way between her and the mighty maple tree she was facing, I had a full view of her fully groomed pussy once again. This time I had no shame in looking. I now noticed her clit protruding out as it sparkled from it's dampness. Her outer pussy lips were pale and plump. They created a camel toe. Her inner lips were a brilliant reddish pink. The thin landing strip I witnessed before now glistened with moisture. She was obviously aroused just as I was.

She then said: "Do you mind stepping away?"

I was obviously disappointed as after all this build up, she wanted privacy. She could see it in my face, so she said: "Well, your going to get splashed again standing that close." It was now apparent that she was afraid of pissing on me again. I wanted that outcome this time though.

She spread her legs and thrust her hip forward. With her hand just above her protruding clit, she pulled upward on her pussy. She closed her eyes for a moment as she concentrated briefly. Her stream began to flow. It was a slow, steady stream as she greeted her new found relief with a long, soft "ahhh." Her stream fell just short of the tree trunk three feet away. She was obviously just a slow starter as her stream was a more ladylike tinkle this time versus the fire hose before. It wasn't long before her stream began to arch higher, now hitting the tree bark. She let loose another sigh of relief before looking at me and cracking a smile. Her entire body trembled as her stream continued to grow stronger.

It was probably 30 seconds into her piss when she finally let loose. A thick, full, clear jet blasted the tree turning the bark a darker color before falling on the soil below forming a huge puddle. Her force was so strong, the stream splashed off the bark soaking me and her both standing all that distance away. The sound created by the stream leaving her pussy, soaking the tree, and splashing the leaves around us was amazing. Best way to describe it was a garden hose spraying trees and foliage. "Holy shit" I exclaimedas she let out another sigh. Her stream stopped abruptly.

"That was a mighty piss" I said.

Her eyes were once again lightly closed as she retained her stance. Here came her stream jetting back to life as she exclaimed proudly: "I know and I'm only half done." Her stream just as powerful as before she continued to soak the tree. "Oh my God, that feels so fucking good" she managed to speak softly under her breath. Her stream was slowly beginning to retreat back down the side of the tree. Once it began missing again, she forced out a couple of spurts again blasting the bark. Her stream now again back to a ladylike tinkle.

She boasted: "I can piss on anything just like you can. That's my tree now, I marked it!" Her stream still continued flowing into the large puddle she had already created with what ran off of the tree.

I acknowledged her accomplishment with: "I never knew girls could pee standing. It's a good thing for that tree though, you gave it a nice drink."

She laughed and said: "I still am watering it. Remember how we got water from the creek? Well, this is how we repay mother nature. Plus, someone will get some good maple syrup from this tree now." *She winked.* Her stream just now tapering off as she leaned over to reach into her pocket for a tissue to wipe with.

"You come prepared" I said as she ran the tissue over her pussy. I noticed how hard her clit was as it tore a hole through her tissue.

"We're outdoors. We can piss where we please just as we just did" she replied, smiling as she tossed her tissue to the soaked soil.

The irony of the tissue was the fact that we were both soaked from her massive stream that spattered us. Her pussy was now probably the only dry part of both of us. We then continued on back to the site leaving behind two wet trees and a used tissue marking the spot where such a fascinating event took place.

