Games with Clare

6th February 2006, 01:15 PM

Author: hawk2002

Location: England (Sex: Male) Posts: 106

Absolutely no idea where to post this - feel free to move it if it belongs somewhere else.

This is true - but being a sensitive soul, I've kept the events as they were and altered or anonymised everything else! It's also the first time I have contributed - do feel free to comment…

I dated Clare for more than three years, and discovered that we had a mutual interest in wet games by accident

. I've always been turned on by desperation

, and was treated to the more than occasional display of leg crossing and shuffling from foot to foot as I walked her home from the pub - from our first official date in fact! On that night, not sure about how to react, I insisted she take care of the problem as we passed the one and only block of public loos on our route - and thinking back, I had to persuade her to take a leak then! . I began to wonder why it was that, on so many occasions, the need seemed urgent, yet she made no effort to take a pee before we left the pub. We both drank beer; she in half pint measures generally, and me with pints, but the consumption would be roughly the same. I would pee before we left, but she would not. There were so many occasions on which we would end up stopping part way home… but those can wait (That's if anyone's interested)

Clare was petite, delightfully so. Piercing blue eyes; slim, about 5'2" tall, auburn hair in loose curls, cascading down around her shoulders, with a perfectly proportioned figure. Everything where it should be; with nothing too large or too small, all kept in shape through her habit of cycling everywhere. As we both lived at home with family, opportunities for a physical relationship were restricted to whatever we could manage in my car; and it was on one of our excursions into the countryside late one night that finally got things going; as it were.

We had already discovered that she could achieve a really powerful orgasm if we screwed when she had a full bladder - and with Clare there were no half measures. Either she was comfortable, or dancing on the spot with her hands between her legs. To date though, we had managed to have sex without any soggy mishaps, we would fuck, then Clare would squat and let rip after. I had yet to see her lose control; naked or otherwise. This was no real bother at this stage - the fact that I was screwing someone who was desperate to pee hit all the right buttons anyway.

This night, I was teasing her; we were in the front of the car. She, being shorter, was able to kneel on her seat and her jeans and panties were down around her knees. I was caressing her gently between her legs - I knew she needed to pee, was not sure how badly, but the more desperate the better as far as I was concerned. Finger fucking her with two fingers hard inside her, I could feel her tight bladder, and was assured by the lady herself that if I did not stop, my car would get a soaking.

Clare demanded that we go outside so we could screw properly - she then repeated that if we didn't do that, my gearstick and handbrake would get wet. I knew enough by this time to know when she was joking or not - and this was no idle threat. If I continued, there was a good chance she would let rip just to prove a point! She also had amazing control of her muscles down there - she was the first woman I had slept with who could grip me (in more than one place) while I was inside her, so one push in the right place from her, could result in an interior soaking I really did not fancy.

I gave in. We got out and moved around to the rear of the car, which had a gently sloping boot, ideal for Clare to lounge back on while we got down to business. With jeans off (but panties on - again, her idea and another signal I totally failed to pick up on early in our relationship) She lay back, one hand between her legs, the other being used to steady herself and waited while I got jeans and shorts out of the way.

She guided me inside her; gently for she was really bursting by this time. Moving in and out, I looked at her face. Generally, her features would appear to be showing a cross between pleasure and pain. Tonight, she was struggling a bit. «I think, if I come, I'm going to piss myself» she said. I invited her to go right ahead; it would only be her panties that got wet after all! «Can you pee with me inside you?» I asked - «Don't know It might work, shall we try?» And without another word from me, we got the answer.

Clare contracted her bladder muscles, and the power of this act caught me off guard and she literally pushed my penis out from its warm haven, my undignified exit from where I wanted to be was closely followed by a gush of her hot pee. Not the full monty by any means, but enough to soak her panties and trickle gently down on to the ground. We stood there and looked at each other for a second or two, before (I'm a stubborn bastard at the best of times) having another go at her peeing with me inside her - this time with me getting a bit of a warning! Even with the warning though, I could feel me being pushed back and out of her, and once again, we stood looking at each other - me in awe, her with a slight frown. «Shall I just go?» Clare said - she had one hand between her legs, holding herself through sodden panties. «OK then.

Perhaps it's for the best» I replied - and expected her to pull the panties aside and let go that way, if only to get the level down to one that was more comfortable. Instead, she simply moved her hand away from her crotch, spread her legs a little wider and relaxed. A torrent of pee coursed through her already wet panties, hit the ground and splashed up around the two of us as we stood there - me again in awe - Clare with a wide grin, standing there giggling. She peed for an age, and as the torrent became a stream, became a trickle, she once again guided me inside her so that other needs might be taken care of, and by now the thought that Clare had just voluntarily wet her pants in front of me was crashing through my mind which there and then compensated for the fact that she was no longer desperate

.

As I said, this was the first time that her peeing had been anything other than pre-meditated. It was not the last though, and on one spectacular occasion after, she did actually wet herself involuntarily (She was drunk). She also took a liking to teasing me with her desperation, with her timing being key to this. Our favourite game became one where she, holding me in one hand, would describe her desperate state to me. My job was to press my hand against her pee hole until it all got too arousing for me, - at which point a flick or two of her clit - through her panties– would be enough to get her peeing, and both of us to orgasm.

