Humiliation turned into a happy pee play

11th January 2008, 03:02 AM

Author: pantygirl

Location: Sweden (Sex: Gay Female) Posts: 625

This happened in September last year. I woke up at 11 am after having slept for twelve hours! And boy, I had to pee! I stood on my feet beside my bed and just knew that the toilet was way out of reach... I parted my legs and let go through my sleeping panties down into my bedside long pile rug! Flooosh, floooosh... I peed forever it seemed! The rug avariciously soaked it all up! When it after an eternity just dribbled, I lay down on my bed again, horny out of my wits, one hand caressing my breasts and the other first stroking outside my sopping wet panties around and around my clit, which was swollen and stiff, poking out the panty cloth a bit... Gosh, I moaned and sobbed, I reached inside my panties, parted my lips, two fingers found my g-spot, thumb gently caressed my clit... and suddenly I went totally crazy! I cried out loud: Fuck me!! oh fuck me... Mmmmy... mmyy... Gngghhrg... Yesss...!!! It was a most forceful orgasm!! Aren't the morning pee orgasms the best ones ever?

It was such a great beginning of the day and I felt confident and adventurous and when I feel that way I'm dangerous! When I looked out the window I saw that the sun shone from a blue sky! It was one of those wonderful September days you just got to love! And perfect for a pee adventure... And I had a pretty good idea of what to do... I had my breakfast, tea, lots of tea, juice, lots of juice, and ham and cheese sandwiches. I sat eating in my wet sleeping panties, which kept my horniness on a steady high level... lol!

I showered and then put on a pair of silky, light red panties, nylon stockings fitted to a garterbelt, a light blue blouse, see through enough for my nipples to be dimly visible, a dark blue skirt and a pair of low heeled blue shoes. I went out, took my bicycle and put a couple of bottles of water in the pannier. And on I went, heading to a park on the other side of the town, where the chance to meet anyone I knew was minimal. I love to ride a bike in a mild breeze when the sun shines! I've adjusted the saddle in a way that my pussy is rubbing against it when I'm on my way... I was in an aroused state already when I started and after twenty minutes I was on the verge to come! I wobbled to and from on the road and to avoid a serious traffic accident

I had to stop... I put one foot down, felt an big urge to pee and began to rub my pussy against the saddle... In one minute two things happened! One, I totally lost control and peed myself! Two, I orgasmed! I panted and moaned... Two girls about 23-25 years old walking towards me just stopped and stared with open mouths at me! They seemed immensely fascinated and stayed looking at me until I've finished peeing and was able to continue!

When I've reached the park I parked my bike and brought two 1Ѕ liter bottles of water with me and walked in to the park, found a nice spot in the grass where I sat down leaning against an oak tree. There I rested while I began to empty the bottles. After a hour's nice rest, I stood up, already pretty desperate, and started to stroll around the park while I got more and more desperate... And so I heard a voice from behind...

- Hi, Yvette! I turned around... It was Kristin, an old school mate! We weren't close friends but we were friends... She was pretty then and she was still very pretty and normally I would be thrilled to meet her, but now... I had to pee so badly! I got to get rid of her, I didn't want to pee my panties in front of an old school mate! But she seemed very glad to see me and kept on talking...

- To think that I should meet you, Yvette! I admired you so much in school! You were so pretty and always so nice! Btw. and I hope you don't mind me telling you, I heard the other day that you had a relation with Ann some time ago. I didn't know that you were gay, it's fantastic! Oh I wish I've known that years ago! You know, I had a crush on you back then... But now I'm happily married to Peter, you remember him...? ...but don't you feel well?

At that point of her monologue I was doing a wild pee dance, with both hands grabbing my crotch!

- I'm so sorry Kristin, but I'm going to pee myself very soon!! Ooooh!!

I quickly raised my skirt a bit and parted my legs and then I peed myself! There were no way I could stop it! The pee gushed in torrents through my panties and it kept on for ever! I was expecting to have a thrilling pee adventure and now I ended up to be totally humiliated! I looked at Kristin awaiting to see her horrified...

But she looked at me with sympathy and there was something else too...

After a while I was able to stop the pee and I let down my skirt. She took a step towards me and put her arms around me!

- So, so, don't be sorry! I think I understand...

- What... what do you understand? I stuttered.

- You were deliberately desperate, weren't you? I gasped... What was she hinting...

- Ahum... I...

- You wouldn't be so utterly desperate if it wasn't deliberate! Don't be afraid, I know... I use to do the same! She hugged me hard!

- In that case I admit! Oh, I was so relieved! And again getting aroused anticipating what might come!

And I wasn't disappointed! Suddenly I heard a loud hiss! And in the next moment she pulled up our skirts between us and I felt her warm pee streaming down my legs totally wetting my stockings! And I happily followed her example letting the remaining content of my bladder gush through my panties!

Then we looked up a secluded spot in the park where we made love to each other!

We licked each other's pussy till we came in just wonderful orgasms! And since that day we use to meet a couple of times every month! Kristin is very good to invent new pee plays! But she is very serious about her marriage to Peter, in her way she loves me and I love her but we will never have a relationship... Wonder if I ever will have a proper relationship...

