The Student (part 2)

28th March 2013, 09:20 AM

Author: peeobsession1

Location: new jersey (Sex: Couple) Posts: 390

Her name was Yukiko, a beautiful young Girl with medium length hair and almond eyes. A figure that 'filled' out perfect, not skinny and everything was 'there' in the right place. She skipped the next class so I assumed that she would not be coming back anymore because of embarrassment and for me turning her down. Probably for the better this way. Big was my surprise that she did turn up almost a week later. She smiled shyly and she turned her eyes down when I looked at her. Something wasn't right, the shyness seemed faked. Oh well just let it go at that. After class I packed my bag and of to my scooter I had parked outside. She was waiting for me there and said to me that she had been thinking about it and she still wanted me to be her teacher. She showed me her driving license, she was about a month away of turning 19!. I did not gave it to much thought anymore, I had been fantasizing unwillingly about it and had a somewhat sore right hand because of that.

So I said ok, I said that I would do it and teach her about everything there is to teach about feelings, emotions, every aspect of sex but I wasn't sure and could not promise I would go all the way. She would have to learn about her own sexuality first.

In this part of the world the women are not what they seem in bed, they are acting a bit childish and very passive, just laying on their back and waiting for it to happen, completely different than what you see in the movies and I was not going to do it that way.

I know it sounds awfully boring when I say it but I love to give pleasure to a woman, then that will be my pleasure also, so 'ladies of the night' and other similar escorts types are just a waste of time for me, I rather use my own hand and mind to enjoy myself then.

I tried to make myself look really professional about it and said that we can do it in 2 sessions if she like but it will be at least 4 hours each time. We agreed on a date and place, a so called 'love hotel' where you are completely anonymous, even when checking in they are not able to see your face. I chose a nice place that I heard about with a big bathroom and with a big tub for at least 2 or 3 people, a nice bed, not to soft, TV with porn movies, a mini bar, several kinds of toys as a dildo, big towels and clean.

So clean that you can eat sushi from the floor if you wanted, protective covers on the bed and mattress as most of those hotels do. You name it, it's there and you rent the room by the hour for a very reasonable price especially if you decide to go during the day time or early evening. Those hotels are made not for what you think, prostitution, but for lovers and for married couples who do not have the privacy in their own home beside doing it quietly under the blankets because of the thin walls (paper based) and because of many time the in-laws staying with them or their young kids. They plan to use those hotels once a month or so.

She asked me if I wanted her to prepare and how to prepare. My ears felt liked they started to turn a shade of reddish pink. I asked her if she could bring her nicest lingerie that she had and about 2 or 3 hours before she came over to start drinking a glass of water every 30 or 40 minutes or so, or tea or soda, and just go to the toilet when she wanted but when she is peeing try to stop 2 or 3 times in midstream just for 5 seconds at the time to practice her pelvic muscles, yes I've been reading up on this!

For my preparation I trimmed my jungle a lot, did some exercises, selected some nice underwear for myself and bought some nice sexy lingerie for her and one that would look very sexy when it would turn wet.

The day had come, she arrived on time by subway and we greeted each other, it was early evening/late afternoon and I asked her if she wanted to eat something. She said: «no need for that, I prepared and brought some snack and drinks that my mother had made because they she thought that I was going to visit a friend, just I had not told her what gender this friend was». We headed up to the hotel, next to the hotel was a little alley and halfway in the alleyway there were some of those half curtains hanging so when you pass those no one can see your face, came up to a window that was blinded so the person in the room there could not see you, you say that you need a room and state which room because outside there was a small menu type sign that had pictures of every room and facilities and prices per hour so you just say the room number and the time you needed it, pay for it in cash and that is it, we are in!

The room was beautiful and big the adjacent bathroom was very nice also and was open, no doors and the big deep bath tub was more of a Jacuzzi than a standard bathtub, made out of natural stones, the wall across it had some shower heads and little stools to sit on so you could wash up first before going into the tub. The tub had several levels to sit on so you could select if you sit in the water up to your neck or up to your waste or even sit a bit higher, difficult to describe but it was made for some great oral sex without drowning.

I turned on the taps for the tub which were like fire hose strength, the tub filled up in no time. There was room service possible so we decided to order some and leave the snacks for later. We ordered some fruits, rice wine, some small rice snacks and within 15 minutes it arrived, a knock on the door and there it was, we never so the person who brought it and they did not see us, it came with a small note with the amount we had to pay and you just leave the cash on the tray and that is all, very private. Massage oils and other things needed for a nice massage were also present in the room.

I asked her to undress, in privacy if she liked, and put on a kimono. So did I as well. She folded my clothes neatly and laid them on a chair next to hers. We entered the bathroom, took the kimonos off and sat down on the stools and I started washing her and did not leave a place untouched. It was more of a sponge massage that I did to here than anything else. Her bush was very light and moderate, just nice but I would try to persuade her to shorten it some more and shave between the legs.

I told her before, that I would be soft and gentle and if there is anything she is not sure off I would skip it but she must trust me first that I would treat her right and I would not do anything to hurt her or humiliate her, my pleasure comes second, her pleasure and learning to let go comes first.

She suddenly asked me about the drinking a glass of water every 30 minutes because she needed to pee again. I asked her if she had been peeing regularly for the last few hours and doing the 'exercise' and indeed she had. I told her to hold it as long as possible but not to the point of pain or being very uncomfortable. If she had to than just let go but not everything at once. Stop at the point where it is comfortable again and hold it in. I would explain later I promised her, she said that she could wait a little longer. I've been washing her for over 15 minutes now exploring every 'nook and cranny' of her body and started to wash myself. She looked at my cock and helped me washing it. It startled her because it grew quickly in size, actually it had already but now it even grew more.

I asked her if she trusted me shaving her between the legs a bit, very carefully but I would leave the triangle untouched. And she let me, a beautiful candy came from under there, so untouched so fresh and clean, just perfect and it started to open its doors already. When the shaving was done she was as putty in my hands and I kissed her fruit shortly and said that it is time for the tub. Putting the drinks and fruits near the tub. Wow she had a beautiful body, full, but nice breasts, firm and not big, I like small breasts, I am not a 'big booby' man. Not skinny but just nice and full, just what a woman ought to be.

We started a small conversation, talking softly, almost whispering, nice music in the background and she laid herself against me with her back so I could reach around and started to cares her body, round the nipples belly inside of her legs but without touching the nipples or her lovely peach.

I started telling her what I was going to do and why the full bladder. «you know Yukiko, I want to pleasure you all the way and give you the most exiting feeling ever that you have never experienced even by yourself.»

«In order to do that it is important that you have a full bladder to intensify your orgasm but the bladder must not become painful just enough to have some pressure there»

«Try to control it, let go when you feel it is needed and when you have your orgasm and can't hold it any more it does not matter, just let go at any time, any moment is fine with me, it is only water, that is pleasure for me». If I see or feel that you let go, I feel rewarded because I know you are enjoying yourself with the feeling that you must stop in order to control it.»

« Are you ok with it, do you trust me enough not to be embarrassed by it?»

«you do not have to warn me ahead of time that it is coming, just enjoyed it, you have the control just let go and feel free and you will have the nicest orgasm you will ever experience».

She thought about it shortly and said that she put herself in my hands and that she trust me, she even told me that it has happened sometimes that she peed a little in her panties when she was in the subway and could not hold it anymore because the subways don't have toilets and she kind of enjoyed it. (Sometimes indeed you can see that girls have accidents on the subways, if you are lucky you can see at least one every day if you are in the subway long enough.)

