The Camping trip, Part I (A very twisted fantasy adventure)

26th November 2005, 04:54 PM

Author: 1badboy

Location: North San Diego California USA (Sex: Male) Posts: 876

The Camping Trip

Katherine caught my eye the very first time I saw her. She was medium height, had long legs, full hips, a tiny waist and long long blonde hair. And she was very pretty and feminine! She seemed a little shy and so was I but my senior year in High School I finally got to know her after working on project, for a class, together with her and a friend. Sometimes we would eat lunch together and sometimes we would stay after school and study together.

One day Katherine found me alone in the computer room. "Whatcha doin for spring break?" she asked.

"I don't know." I answered honestly.

"Well I'm going camping with my folks. Would you like to come?"

"You mean go camping with you!"

"Yeah silly." Katherine grinned.

"I guess.." I answered nervously, "Maybe I could tell my parents that I'm going camping with Tommy.."

"Well, if you want to.."

"Sure sure absolutely I definitely do!" I promised Katherine.

Friday afternoon I was packed and Saturday morning I loaded my gear into my car, a 1970 Mustang, that I had fixed up in autoshop class. I drove over to Katherine's house so that she could ride with me and give me directions.

"My neighbor Jennifer and her daughters are coming." Katherine explained. "And my older sister, Debbie, too."

The drive to the National Park was scenic and I was suprised to find that we were the only group scheduled to use the campground.

"Pretty nice isn't it!" Katherine said excitedly "Over there are the restrooms and showers. We even have showers!"

I set up my tent in a grassy area near the lake and then helped Katherine set up hers. We had both tents up before her folks and Jennifer and her daughters showed up. Jennifer was a beautiful brunette with a shapely body and her daughters, Holly a senior in High School, And Briget a freshman in college were even prettier.

"It's great that you brought a tent." Katherine's mom Samantha smiled "We're running a little short on tents. We only have two others, and they are only two man tents each."

"You wanna share a tent?" Katherine asked me shyly. My heart beat hard.

"Sure." I tried to sound nonchalant about it.

"I'm sure he'll be good." Samantha winked at me.

Katherine and I moved our stuff into my tent and then we took a walk around the lake. I tried to be cool about it but it was hard to supress my excitement. I had never even seriously kissed a girl before, let alone shared a tent with as pretty a girl as Katherine!

Arriving back at the campground Samantha, and Katherines father John had the barbeque going. We ate a hearty meal then Jennifer and her daughters headed off for a dip in the hotsprings. Katherine and I just stayed and skipped rocks and talked at the lakeside.

Soon it was dark and Jennifer and her daughters returned and we started a bonfire. John brought out a cooler and offered me a beer. Nervously I accepted. After a number of beers we were all feeling pretty good and laughing together.

"Nothing like a bonfire." John told me standing in front of it enjoying the warmth. Then he did something strange, he reached down and unzipped his pants.

Katherine didn't seem to notice, but when I looked over at Jennifer and her daughters I saw that they were watching John intently.

Casually John pulled his penis out and nonchalantly began peeing into the bonfire, in full view of the girls! I tried to pretend not to notice and finished my beer.

SNAP! I turned to see Samantha unzipping her pants. My heart beat harder. Right in front of me, without turning away, Samantha pulled down her jeans and revealed her hairy pussy. Then she squatted and casually peed a gusher right in front of me.

SNAP! I turned to see Katherine unzipping her pants! Now my heart was really beating hard! Her pussy wasn't as hairy as her mothers but she was every bit as casual as she peed loudly almost right at my feet.

"You look like you've never seen a pussy before" Jennifer teased me.

Katherine grinned at me, and probably because of the beer I laughed too.

Before the night was over I got a chance to see all of the girls pussies, at least in the moonlight, since they didn't bother to hide anything when they got the urge to pee. I had to sit to hide my erect penis bulging inside my pants. Finally I excused myself and slipped off to the privacy of the campground restroom.

When I returned Katherine and I headed back to our tent for the night. I stripped down to my underwear and climbed into my sleeping bag. "You've got a very..um..liberal family." I looked at Katherine in the flickering camping light.

Katherine shrugged her shoulders and pulled her tee-shirt off over her head exposing a lacy bra. Then she continued to undress down to her panties and bra.

"Can I join you." Katherine whispered nervously.

"Sure." I agreed with a lump in my throat.

"You want to learn about sex?" Katherine whispered even more nervously.

I nodded.

"I do too.." Katherine whispered almost silently. Then she undid her bra, pulled off her panties, and slid into my sleeping bag with me.

(next morning)

I awoke with my penis hard and still deep inside Katherine's vagina. Her arms were around me and her eyes were open and watching me.

"Good morning." I kissed Katherine on the cheek.

"Wanna take a shower?" Katherine asked smiling.

"Sure!" I reached for my clothes and a towel

"You don't want to get dressed until after you shower, do you?" Katherine asked me quizically.

Nervously I exited the tent and looked around. I was relieved to see that we appeared to be alone. I figured that the others must still be sleeping. Katherine emerged behind me, her fully naked body startling me slightly. Casually she squatted and peed urgently onto the ground. My penis hardened but I put my clothes over it and hurried in the direction of the shower room, with Katherine following behind.

Katherine giggled softly as we hurried in. Slightly relieved that we had dodged view of the others I set my clothes and towel on a bench, grabbed my toiletries, and headed for the door leading into the shower room. Stepping into the room I almost dropped my toiletries. There showering under a shower, not ten feet away, was Debbie!

Debbie immediately saw me but instead of covering up she smiled and waved to me to come in. I looked back at Katherine nervously.

"Go on in." Katherine encouraged.

Nervously I headed for the closest shower and turned it on while trying not to look at Debbie. Katherines soft hand rested on my shoulder and she kissed me softly on the cheek. As I adjusted the water Katherine soaped up her hands and started washing me. I returned the favor by washing her as well. My penis became fully erect but I was helpless to do anything about it, especially since Katherine began washing it, caressing it with her hands.

I literally jumped when a third hand rested on my shoulder. It was Debbie! Her hands were soapy and she began washing me as well. The next thing I knew I was soaping up Debbies full firm breasts as both Katherine and Debbie washed me. They rubbed their breasts against me, their vagina's, their cheeks against my chest. Both kissed me..

Debbie turned away from me and got down on her knees. Carefully I got down on my knees behind her using my hand I guided my rock hard penis into her wet and ready vagina. It was an incredibly orgasm and together we lay on the floor, our hearts beating hard.

"Good morning!" Jennifers voice greeted us.

I looked up to see Jennifer, Holly, Brigett, and John entering the shower room all fully naked.

"You guys must be early risers." Holly laughed.

"Already up and having fun!" Jennifer smirked, then squealed as John came around from behind her and put one hand on a breast and the other on her hairy pussy. Jennifer leaned forward, bracing herself against a shower pedestal, and John slid his huge hard penis into her vagina and began fucking her.

Holly and Brigett grinned and headed for the third shower pedestal and began showering.

The rest of the shower I was in a daze as Debbie, Katherine and I finished our shower. And I was still a little dazed as we dressed and headed back to the campground to get something to eat.

Samantha was up and cooking breakfast when we arrived back at the campground. Samantha was completely naked and I found myself unable to stop looking at her hairy pussy.

"How did you sleep?" Samantha asked sitting down next to me on the park bench.

"Oh not bad.."

"That's good." Samantha nodded, spreading her legs and peeing noisily on the ground.

"Would you and Katherine like to join us for a hike today?" Samantha asked wiping herself with a napkin.

"Okay.."

"Great! I'm going to go and take a shower, then we can pack something for lunch."

Samantha headed off for the showers while Debbie, Katherine and I ate breakfast.

"It's a really spectacular hike." Debbie raved. "You'll love it."

Samantha and Jennifer packed lunches. I stopped by the restrooms for a quick pee and then we set off. It was spectacular hike. The trail was steep and rugged and slowly we made our way towards the top of a tall hill.

"You seem a little shy." Debbie teased, casually unzipping her pants, flashing her hairy pussy at me then squatting and peeing noisily

"Leave him alone." Katherine defended.

"Sorry.." Debbie apologized -- with a grin on her face.

We ate lunch at the summit. It was delicious even if the beer was a little warm. Then John walked over and took a pee off of the ragged cliffside. Watching John pee seemed to amuse Samantha and the next thing I knew she was removing her pants. Walking over to the cliffside she took a standing pee.

"I've got to try that." Katherine smirked. I watched in amazement as she removed her pants right in front of me. And I enjoyed the site of her pussy once again.

"Come on, pee with me." Katherine encouraged, looking at my crotch.

I actually found the idea something of a turn on and I decided to do it. It was a little scary standing near the edge and it took a little effort to relax myself enough to pee in front of Katherine and the other girls, but when I did I have to admit that it was a bit of a thrill. And watching Katherine pee was a huge thrill.

Katherine put her pants back on while I had another beer and watched Brigett, walk bottomless to the cliffside and take a powerful hissing piss. After peeing she carefully folded her pants and panties and put them into her backpack. Then she turned and grinned at me then headed in my direction. When she was about five feet away she turned her back to me and bent over displaying her dripping wet hairy pussy for me.

I didn't know what to do..

"Mmm..ohh.." Brigett looked at me, sighed, then headed for John. She set a hand on his shoulder and kissed him on the cheek. John eagerly unzipped and Brigett pulled his penis out for him and began stroking it. In seconds he was rock hard. Carefully she got down on her knees. John hurried behind her and almost roughly slid his penis deep inside her vagina and started fucking her vigorously. Samantha stroked herself as she watched.

Katherine turned and kissed me passionately, and I knew what she wanted. But instead I just cuddled her close and we kissed. Then the next thing I knew Debbie had her arms around me as well. I kissed her too, and Debbie and Katherine took turns kissing, hugging and rubbing me.

John and Brigett lay together and hugged and kissed for a short while after they orgasmed then they got up and we prepared to leave. Brigett took a short pee, wiped herself with some kleenex, then, still bottomless, picked up her backpack and we headed back down the hill.

###

(the next morning)

"Time to get up sleepyhead." Katherine teased playfully. "I've already showered and it's getting late."

I rolled over and smiled at Katherine, who was fully dressed

"Well I'm going to go shower." I grabbed my clothes and toiletries and headed for the showers.

Entering the shower room I saw Brigett

"Get up late too?" Brigett asked

I nodded trying to appear casual about their nudity. Brigett turned her back to me, bent over, displayed her pussy and wiggled her rear. I went hard imediately I couldn't help it. Then Brigett got down on her knees and looked back longingly at me.

It was too much for me to resist. Trying to do it the way John had I moved up behind Brigett and placed a hand softly on her back. She apparently hadn't expected my touch and she jumped and squealed with delight. I used my other hand to push my penis into her pussy roughly. She was wet and almost immediately I found my hard swelling penis barried deep within her pussy. My hands were on her breasts and we fucked like animals, finally collapsing in a rocking orgasm, with Brigetts body trembling beneath me.

We took a long satisfying shower then dressed and headed back to the campground.

