/the-indecent-life-of-a-member-of-high-society-part-2/39509/

The Indecent Life Of A Member OF High Society Part 2

6th January 2010, 02:21 PM

Author: vikor3

Location: US (Sex: Male) Posts: 223

Lucy the following morning was going to talk to Elsa about what she had seen Elsa and her father doing in Elsa's quarters. Lucy had a piano lesson to do before she would go talk to Elsa. As Lucy went through her lesson her mind wasn't really on her lesson. It was on what she had sseen her father and Elsa doing testerday. By the time Lucy was finished with her piano lesson she could feel that her vagina was overly warm and her pantaloons were even wet in the crotch!

Lucy hurried down to the kitchen for that would be where Elsa was at this time. Lucy came into the kitchen and Elsa was sitting at the table doing some paper work. Good morningElsa Lucy said to her in Hungarian. Elsa looked up and said hello back to Lucy in Hungarian. Lucy sat down with Elsa and Lucy started off the conversation still speaking in Hungarian and told Elsa that she had seen Elsa and her father in Elsa's quarters yesterday.

Elsa had a very surprised look on her face as she satered at Lucy. Then right after the shock of what Lucy had said to her Elsa became very worried. She nervously said to Lucy; I'm not in trouble? You're not going to dismiss me Lucy? Did you see it all? Elsa blurted all these questions out in a row and very fast too. Lucy smiled and told Elsa she wasn't going to be let go. No you are not in trouble with me. Besides I know my father fools around any way. Then Lucy told Elsa she saw up to the point where her and her father left the living room and had walked bak towards your bedroom. So I know then that you two had sex together then. Don't worry what you do I will always keep it a secret. But I have questions to ask you Elsa.

With what Lucy had said to Elsa she was silent for several long moments but then thinking about what Lucy had said to her Elsa soon calmed down and told Lucy ask your questions. Lucy now te one that was silent for a moment. Then Lucy asked Elsa; It seemed to me that you and my father really enjoyed drinking each others piss. Is it that much fun to do? Elsa had a immeadiate smile come to her lips followed by a giggle. Elsa then said yes to Lucy. Elsa added by saying; It really turns your father on! Lucy said back quickly to Elsa; I saw that it did!

Lucy then went on saying that she knew from her teachings she knew about the male and female body. What the body parts were for as in sex and also used for pissing etc. Elsa let out a soft laugh saying to Lucy; You should know I was your teacher! Lucy laughed hard for Elsa was the one that tuaght Lucy's health and science lessons. Then Lucy went on starting to talk about seeing her fathers cock getting erect real fast when Elsa pissed all over it. Elsa smiled with a big smile right then.

Does piss make a man hard? Lucy asked Elsa. It certainly does in your fathers case! Elsa said back to Lucy. Lucy laughed hard after that was said by Elsa. Then Elsa added and told Lucy it sure made me horny and when I was pissing it felt wonderfull in a very different way! Lucy said me too! Lucy went on to explain that after Elsa and her father went towards Elsa's bedroom Lucy had gotten turned on watching them. I wound up not making it to the toilet. I pissed myself soaking my peticoats and pantaloons leaving a big puddle of piss on the floor too where I pissed! When I did my vagina felt great and my pissing also had a odd wonderfull feel to it to!

Both Elsa and Lucy giggled together for quite some time after Lucy told Elsa this. Lucy went on saying that she had similair feeling like this but not as strong when she was younger. She went on saying that those times when the family was out at balls, parties, or other high society events she and some of the other girls would gather up together privatly and would discuss among the girls sex, boys, and even would get into dare type games which many times they wuld show themselves off by removing thier clothes and show them selves off to each other. Also they would piss in front of each other too and not always in a bathroom too!

Elsa smiled again and told Lucy that was normal and she had also done the same things also. Then Lucy told Elsa she had seen with other girls or by herself would sneak a peek when the boys in these familys would be pissing which many times this would be done at outside gatherings. Elsa laughed harder now. Then Elsa told Lucy this was normal too. Then Elsa asked Lucy; Did you ever show yourself to a boy or piss with him or piss showing a boy?

Lucy smiled a little and told Elsa she had a few times. Then the conversation turned back to sex. Elsa asked Lucy if she was still a virgin. Lucy told her she was. Lucy did tell Elsa that she had some heavy petting sessions with getting my tits touched and a hand under my dress a few times too. Elsa quickly asked Lucy if she liked that attention. Lucy said yes that she had.

Then after a few more minutes of talking about sex Lucy told Elsa that this morning while doing her paino lesson she had wet her panaloons thinking about what she had seen yesteraday wth Elsa and her father. In fact they are even more wet right now Elsa! Lucy got right up from the table gathered up her dress lifting up the hem and her peticoats and showed Elsa her panaloons. They were wet real wet! Elsa laughed and told her pantaloons were wet too with all this girl talk! They both laughed hard.

Elsa told Lucy to sit back down. Lucy did. Then Elsa went on told Lucy about masterbation. Both sexes do it she said to Lucy. I do it myslef betwen having sex with a man or a woman. A woman?!!! Lucy almost yelled out. Yes a woman and that woman is your mother Lucy. Lucy was surprised but not stunned by this. She had seen her mother many times at the big socail events sneek off with many men or woman and would be gone for awhile and then come back with both parties being overly friendly with each other. Elsa went on and explained to Lucy the several times that she had with Lucy's mother which again involed pissing. Elsa ended by saying to Lucy. Keepo this a secret also. Lucy smiled and told Elsa she would.

Now Lucy was finished talking with Elsa. Lucy thanked her for the girl talk gave Elsa a kiss on the cheek and she hurried out of the kitchen and went straight to her bedroom. Once she was in her bedroom she locked the door and immeadiatly stripped down naked throwing all her clothes all over the room. She then went and grabbed one of the fancy trash cans in her room and brought it over to her hudge bed. Lucy laid right out on her bed and started playing iwth her own tits first.

Then she took a hand and slowly slid it down her body till she reached above her own vagina. Then she ever so lighty touched her clit which was already swollen right up and was stiff and hard. When she wiggled it just a little with her finger she let out a gasp as a tingling senstaion went all through her groin! Lucy wiggled it more feeling urges building quickly up inside of her.

Thinking to herself as Lucy stroked away on her clit Elsa was right masterbation realy felt great! Lucy went on masterbating working her clit faster with her finger as she also massaged and played with her tits with her other hand. Then Lucy was over come with a feeling a need to poke a figer inside her vagina and she did and hard! Her hymen must have been thin for it gave way with only a very brief little pain. Lucy pumped her finger hard inside her vagina along with her finger on her clit sped that finger up even more.

Now the reason why Lucy grabbed one of the small fancy trash cans in her room and brought it over to herr bed with her Lucy needed to piss when she had left the kitchen. Lucy also wanted to feel the different feeling of pissing while being so excited. Right now she had reall y excited herself and she was now going to take a badly needed piss! Lucy sat up still massaging her clit and had her finger pumping her vagina picked up the liittle metal trash can and held it under her vagina and slid her finger out of it. She gave a littel push while still massaging her clit and Lucy started to piss hard into the little metal trash can.

The feeling of her piss flowing felt so much stronger. It also felt much warmer as inside of her as it flowed down through her ureathra. Her stream was hissing loudly which hearing its hissing sound and being in such a aroused state it aroused Lucy even more! Lucy even shoved her finger back inside of her her vagina while she pissed. This made her piss psray all over some in the trash can, some spraying on her vagina,thighs, and all over the floor too. Lucy let out a gasp, followed by a moan and then a loud scream of absolute pleasure!

