Solo Shot

17th July 2007, 07:49 PM

Author: peelvr65

Location: California (Sex: Male) Posts: 39

I was on my way to Lake Tahoe for a weekend of golf with some friends. The ride up I-80 from the San Francisco Bay Area is mostly flat as you go through the Sacramento Valley on your way to the foothills of the Sierra. After passing Auburn and 1500 ft., the road climbs the granite face of the mountain range in picturesque beauty, resplendent with the heavy scent of pine and douglas fir trees, and the deep red dirt that marks California's placer treasure. The road is also devoid of major metropolitan areas and I always hope I'll come upon someone who got caught short and will get a glimpse of a woman peeing by the side of the road. The sporadic rest areas make that scenario highly unlikely but one never knows. This trip was no different, however, and I made it to the lake with nary a sighting.

It was dark by the time I arrived and I parked my pickup truck near the house in which we stay. The house is huge, belonging to a friend of friend who lets us use it for such occasions. As I was late, most of the guys were asleep by the time I entered the large living area of the house. The bar was open, tho, and I poured myself a shot and cracked a cold beer to unwind from my long drive. I also realized I really had to pee. I downed my shot and grabbed another cold one and headed out to the pier at the back of the house.

The pier of this house juts out into Lake Tahoe a pretty fair distance. The lights from the house afford only a landmark to get back and provide little light to the end of the pier. The night was warm for Tahoe in mid-September and there was a slight breeze blowing across the frigid snow water of the lake. Lights from houses situated around this huge body of water *****led on the wind-ruffled surface. The night was dark and the sky was full of stars and a quarter moon, with the Milky Way splashed across the sky like paint from Pollack's brush.

My awe of the night sky was broken by the pressing need in my bladder, as I finished my first beer and opened the second. My mind drifted back to my drive and I began to fantasize about what I didn't see. I changed the fantasy and pictured a woman here on the pier with me, drinking beer, laughing, and bursting to pee and wanting to show me her toilet. I sighed when it was still just me at the end of the pier but I found that, in addition to my own need to pee, I had a hard-on. I looked back at the house and realized that, were I naked and dancing a jig out here, no one could see me from the house. I took off my shorts and bikini briefs and let the wind caress my now turgid cock. I moved to the edge of the pier and heard the water sofly lapping at the pylons below and the huge boulders strewn randomly around the pier.

I wrapped my hand around my cock and began to slowly stroke myself. My distended bladder complained and I just relaxed and continued to let all of the senstations around me penetrate my being like a lover. I could feel urine creep into my urethra, coaxed by my hand, perhaps, urged by my need and contracting, stretched bladder, definitely. I opened my eyes and looked down. The weak moonlight was enough to illuminate my sex and I could see a glistening dollop of precum nestled in my peehole. My pee continued to move through my cock and I relaxed my hand and let it come.

It dribbled out at first, just emerging from the hole, running down the underside of the head of my cock and over my hand. The warmth felt good in the night chill. The stream continued weakly due, I'm sure, to my erection and my arousal. My pee continued over my fingers and onto my balls from where it fell to the wooden slats of the dock. I continued my slow stroke as my stream strengthened and actually flowed out from my body into the icy waters below. My jerking made my pee flow in an off-and-on fashion and when it was on it sprayed every which way. My flow was still waxing and it continued to gather strength. My cock was hard and the sensation was incredible. My ass cheeks contracted and I began humping the night air in time with my hand.

As my urine ebbed, I could feel my climax begin to build. I quickened my pace. My pee ended with a few last spurts and my orgasm began. I could feel my balls hug up into my body; could feel my prostate produce a semen pool and gather sperm from my balls; could feel that warm sensation build in the small of my back and spread up my spine and down, through my ass and into my cock. Oragasmic convulsions rocked my body and my cock spat cum off the edge of the dock and into the water in three strong spasms, each hitting the water with a splat. My hand coaxed the last of my climax from my body and it collected at the end of my dick. I wiped it on my finger and licked it off. The taste was salty/sweet, a mixture of cum and pee.

I stood there a moment longer as my heartbeat subsided to a more normal rhythm and the night air cooled my body which had broken into a light sweat. I bent over and picked up my beer. I toasted any imaginary partner who had shared this with me and took a long pull before putting my shorts back on and heading back to the house to sleep.

